Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of New Hampshire:
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting the rules of the 2024 session for the 2025-2026 biennium. Description: Adopting the rules of the 2024 session for the 2025-2026 biennium
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Recording House Sessions and the Permanent Journal.. Description: Recording House Sessions and the Permanent Journal.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Distribution of House publications.. Description: Distribution of House publications.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: The Speaker employing personnel per RSA 17-E:5.. Description: The Speaker employing personnel per RSA 17-E:5.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Legislative salary and mileage payments.. Description: Legislative salary and mileage payments.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Rules of the 2023-2024 Session be adopted as the Rules of the 2025-2026 Session, with the changes which have been provided here today.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Rules of the 2023-2024 Session be adopted as the Rules of the 2025-2026 Session, with the changes which have been provided here today.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Secretary of State be requested to furnish the Senate with the official return of votes from the various Senatorial Districts.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Secretary of State be requested to furnish the Senate with the official return of votes from the various Senatorial Districts.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the return of votes from the several Senatorial Districts be referred to a Select Committee of three with instructions to examine and count the same and report to the Senate where any vacancies or contest exists and if so, in what Senatorial District.. Description: RESOLVED, that the return of votes from the several Senatorial Districts be referred to a Select Committee of three with instructions to examine and count the same and report to the Senate where any vacancies or contest exists and if so, in what Senatorial District.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the biennium salary of the members of the Senate be paid in one undivided sum as early as practical after adoption of this resolution, and be it further RESOLVED, that the mileage of members of the Senate be paid every two weeks during the session.. Description: RESOLVED, that the biennium salary of the members of the Senate be paid in one undivided sum as early as practical after adoption of this resolution, and be it further RESOLVED, that the mileage of members of the Senate be paid every two weeks during the session.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of electing the Secretary of State and the State Treasurer.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of electing the Secretary of State and the State Treasurer.
In 2025, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of canvassing votes for the Governor and Executive Council.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of canvassing votes for the Governor and Executive Council.
In 2025, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of hearing the report of the Joint Committee appointed to compare and count the votes for Governor and Executive Council, for the Inauguration of the Governor, the Honorable Kelly Ayotte, and for the taking of the oath by the Executive Council.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of hearing the report of the Joint Committee appointed to compare and count the votes for Governor and Executive Council, for the Inauguration of the Governor, the Honorable Kelly Ayotte, and for the taking of the oath by the Executive Council.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the penalty for and sentencing of habitual offenders.. Description: Relative to the penalty for and sentencing of habitual offenders.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting the uniform real property transfer on death act.. Description: Adopting the uniform real property transfer on death act.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to residency requirements for deputy town clerks.. Description: Relative to residency requirements for deputy town clerks.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to employment protection for participants in the therapeutic cannabis program.. Description: Relative to employment protection for participants in the therapeutic cannabis program.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to employment restrictions for registered sex offenders.. Description: Relative to employment restrictions for registered sex offenders.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the confidentiality of reports made to the division of children, youth, and families and requiring guardians ad litem be appointed in certain instances.. Description: Relative to the confidentiality of reports made to the division of children, youth, and families and requiring guardians ad litem be appointed in certain instances.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to temporary docks.. Description: Relative to temporary docks.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to changing the date of the state primary election.. Description: Relative to changing the date of the state primary election.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to requisites for a criminal search warrant.. Description: Relative to requisites for a criminal search warrant.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to membership of the advisory committee on the education of students with disabilities.. Description: Relative to membership of the advisory committee on the education of students with disabilities.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to electronic ballot counting devices.. Description: Relative to electronic ballot counting devices.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the higher education commission.. Description: Relative to the higher education commission.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to property tax abatements.. Description: Relative to property tax abatements.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to toilet facilities provided by restaurants.. Description: Relative to toilet facilities provided by restaurants.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Prohibiting discharge of volunteer firefighters or volunteer emergency medical technicians from other employment.. Description: Prohibiting discharge of volunteer firefighters or volunteer emergency medical technicians from other employment.
In 2024, New Hampshire enrolled a bill titled: Relative to the determination of parental rights and responsibilities based on shared parenting and requiring all municipalities and school governing bodies to post on their official website the amount of funds received by the state either by allocation or grant.. Description: Relative to the determination of parental rights and responsibilities based on shared parenting and requiring all municipalities and school governing bodies to post on their official website the amount of funds received by the state either by allocation or grant.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the new resident drivers' license transfer requirement.. Description: Modifying the new resident drivers' license transfer requirement.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to choice of counselor to evaluate a child in family court proceedings.. Description: Relative to choice of counselor to evaluate a child in family court proceedings.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to requiring an official declaration of war for the activation of the New Hampshire national guard.. Description: Relative to requiring an official declaration of war for the activation of the New Hampshire national guard.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring the tabulation of votes in elections to be done in public.. Description: Requiring the tabulation of votes in elections to be done in public.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the accidental death benefit payable for a retirement system member.. Description: Relative to the accidental death benefit payable for a retirement system member.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to telephone carrier of last resort obligations.. Description: Relative to telephone carrier of last resort obligations.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to rights of tenants in cases of domestic violence.. Description: Relative to rights of tenants in cases of domestic violence.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Increasing the penalty for on-premises licensees overserving alcohol.. Description: Increasing the penalty for on-premises licensees overserving alcohol.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to rental application fees charged to prospective tenants.. Description: Relative to rental application fees charged to prospective tenants.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prohibiting reunification therapy.. Description: Relative to prohibiting reunification therapy.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to attorney's fees in actions under the right to know law.. Description: Relative to attorney's fees in actions under the right to know law.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the expectation of privacy in the collection and use of personal information.. Description: Relative to the expectation of privacy in the collection and use of personal information.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to magistrates, bail commissioners, the standards applicable to and the administration of bail, and making appropriations.. Description: Relative to magistrates, bail commissioners, the standards applicable to and the administration of bail, and making appropriations.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a committee to study the New Hampshire board of medicine and making an appropriation to the department of health and human services.. Description: Relative to establishing a committee to study the New Hampshire board of medicine and making an appropriation to the department of health and human services.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to chartered public school eligibility for state school building aid.. Description: Relative to chartered public school eligibility for state school building aid.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to after market window tinting on motor vehicles for drivers with medical conditions.. Description: Relative to after market window tinting on motor vehicles for drivers with medical conditions.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Expanding the information provided to survivors of sexual assault regarding their existing rights.. Description: Expanding the information provided to survivors of sexual assault regarding their existing rights.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring notice be provided to tenants during residential eviction proceedings regarding legal counsel.. Description: Requiring notice be provided to tenants during residential eviction proceedings regarding legal counsel.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the prohibition of the possession of hypodermic needles by minors.. Description: Relative to the prohibition of the possession of hypodermic needles by minors.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to notice of PFAS contamination prior to the sale of real property.. Description: Relative to notice of PFAS contamination prior to the sale of real property.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certain assault offenses, bail eligibility for commission of certain assault offenses, and making a false report to a law enforcement officer.. Description: Relative to certain assault offenses, bail eligibility for commission of certain assault offenses, and making a false report to a law enforcement officer.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Making an appropriation to the New Hampshire retirement system to pay down the unfunded accrued liability.. Description: Making an appropriation to the New Hampshire retirement system to pay down the unfunded accrued liability.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the purchase of election equipment.. Description: Relative to the purchase of election equipment.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to removing the net operating loss deduction limit on taxable income under the business profits tax.. Description: Relative to removing the net operating loss deduction limit on taxable income under the business profits tax.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Reestablishing the commission to study the assessing of power generation.. Description: Reestablishing the commission to study the assessing of power generation.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the establishment of an election information portal and makes an appropriation therefor.. Description: Relative to the establishment of an election information portal and makes an appropriation therefor.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to recodify the education laws and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Establishing a commission to recodify the education laws and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to fentanyl test strips and other drug checking equipment.. Description: Relative to fentanyl test strips and other drug checking equipment.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the placement of temporary seasonal docks.. Description: Relative to the placement of temporary seasonal docks.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a right to submit evidence and testimony in family court proceedings.. Description: Establishing a right to submit evidence and testimony in family court proceedings.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to recount and audit procedures and the declaration of results of a recount.. Description: Relative to recount and audit procedures and the declaration of results of a recount.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Renaming the agricultural product and scale testing fund the agricultural products regulatory fund.. Description: Renaming the agricultural product and scale testing fund the agricultural products regulatory fund.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the administration of occupations by the office of professional licensure and certification.. Description: Relative to the administration of occupations by the office of professional licensure and certification.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to appointment of counsel for a child who is the subject of a proceeding in a child protection case.. Description: Relative to appointment of counsel for a child who is the subject of a proceeding in a child protection case.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the school building aid program.. Description: Relative to the school building aid program.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring the department of energy to initiate a microgrid study.. Description: Requiring the department of energy to initiate a microgrid study.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to eligibility for free school meals.. Description: Relative to eligibility for free school meals.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the process for forfeiture of items used in connection with drug offenses.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the process for forfeiture of items used in connection with drug offenses.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the use of racial profiling in law enforcement activities and in sentencing.. Description: Prohibiting the use of racial profiling in law enforcement activities and in sentencing.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to landfill siting.. Description: Relative to landfill siting.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the site evaluation committee for energy facility siting.. Description: Relative to the site evaluation committee for energy facility siting.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to wage garnishment with child support payments.. Description: Relative to wage garnishment with child support payments.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: To require a person to attain the age of majority for genital gender reassignment surgery.. Description: To require a person to attain the age of majority for genital gender reassignment surgery.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the grid modernization advisory group.. Description: Relative to the grid modernization advisory group.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the calculation of average daily membership in attendance and average daily membership in residence for certain home educated pupils.. Description: Relative to the calculation of average daily membership in attendance and average daily membership in residence for certain home educated pupils.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to regulating barbers, cosmetologists, and estheticians.. Description: Relative to regulating barbers, cosmetologists, and estheticians.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the establishment of decentralized autonomous organizations as legal entities within the state.. Description: Relative to the establishment of decentralized autonomous organizations as legal entities within the state.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to providing additional duties to the interbranch criminal and juvenile justice council.. Description: Relative to providing additional duties to the interbranch criminal and juvenile justice council.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to fees for records under the right-to-know law.. Description: Relative to fees for records under the right-to-know law.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to name changes for inmates, parolees, and convicted violent felons.. Description: Relative to name changes for inmates, parolees, and convicted violent felons.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to repealing the judicial conduct commission.. Description: Relative to repealing the judicial conduct commission.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to creating a family access motion for the enforcement of parenting plans.. Description: Relative to creating a family access motion for the enforcement of parenting plans.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the authority of the commissioner of the department of education to grant extensions for the filing of school expenditure reports.. Description: Relative to the authority of the commissioner of the department of education to grant extensions for the filing of school expenditure reports.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the submission of annual town reports to the commissioner of the department of education.. Description: Relative to the submission of annual town reports to the commissioner of the department of education.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Exempting from criminal penalty certain parenting decisions intended to encourage a child's independence and freedom.. Description: Exempting from criminal penalty certain parenting decisions intended to encourage a child's independence and freedom.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to amending the definition of temporary alimony.. Description: Relative to amending the definition of temporary alimony.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to instruction in government and civics, including information on election laws and voting and requiring certain educational institutions and local governments to use a holiday's statutorily designated title in official communications, publications, and documents.. Description: Relative to instruction in government and civics, including information on election laws and voting and requiring certain educational institutions and local governments to use a holiday's statutorily designated title in official communications, publications, and documents.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to requirements for literacy skill development in elementary grades.. Description: Relative to requirements for literacy skill development in elementary grades.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to on-premise and off-premise liquor licenses and relative to land in current use.. Description: Relative to on-premise and off-premise liquor licenses and relative to land in current use.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the interstate compact on educational opportunity for military children.. Description: Relative to the interstate compact on educational opportunity for military children.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study restoration of competency.. Description: Establishing a committee to study restoration of competency.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study the delivery of behavioral crisis services to individuals with mental illness with an impairment primarily caused by intellectual disability.. Description: Establishing a commission to study the delivery of behavioral crisis services to individuals with mental illness with an impairment primarily caused by intellectual disability.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Repealing certain task forces, study committees, and study commissions, repealing the John G. Winant memorial commission and making the maintenance of the memorial a duty of the joint legislative historical committee, and establishing a committee to study the appeals process administered by the environmental councils established under RSA 21-O.. Description: Repealing certain task forces, study committees, and study commissions, repealing the John G. Winant memorial commission and making the maintenance of the memorial a duty of the joint legislative historical committee, and establishing a committee to study the appeals process administered by the environmental councils established under RSA 21-O.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certificate of title exemptions for vehicles 20 or more years old.. Description: Relative to certificate of title exemptions for vehicles 20 or more years old.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to assessment of cost effectiveness of the systems benefit charge.. Description: Relative to assessment of cost effectiveness of the systems benefit charge.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the Northern Border Alliance Program fund.. Description: Relative to the Northern Border Alliance Program fund.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prohibiting registered sex offenders from employment at businesses providing direct services to minors or direct supervision or oversight of minors.. Description: Relative to prohibiting registered sex offenders from employment at businesses providing direct services to minors or direct supervision or oversight of minors.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Repealing the requirement that each pharmacy establish a continuous quality improvement program.. Description: Repealing the requirement that each pharmacy establish a continuous quality improvement program.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the capital appropriations for the legislative parking garage design and police standards and training council facility improvements.. Description: Relative to the capital appropriations for the legislative parking garage design and police standards and training council facility improvements.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to requiring a powerboat operator to wear an engine cut-off switch (ECOS) while operating certain powerboats traveling over headway speed.. Description: Relative to requiring a powerboat operator to wear an engine cut-off switch (ECOS) while operating certain powerboats traveling over headway speed.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring a boat owner who is not the operator to notify law enforcement and file an accident report in certain circumstances.. Description: Requiring a boat owner who is not the operator to notify law enforcement and file an accident report in certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the effectiveness of state outreach to residents without computer, tablet, smartphone, or other electronic device access.. Description: Relative to the effectiveness of state outreach to residents without computer, tablet, smartphone, or other electronic device access.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the commission on Holocaust and genocide education.. Description: Relative to the commission on Holocaust and genocide education.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the format of excavating and dredging permit applications.. Description: Relative to the format of excavating and dredging permit applications.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the property tax exemption for charitable organizations.. Description: Relative to the property tax exemption for charitable organizations.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to child day care licensing.. Description: Relative to child day care licensing.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to provisional licenses for new applicants for state emergency medical services licensure.. Description: Relative to provisional licenses for new applicants for state emergency medical services licensure.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the state building code.. Description: Relative to the state building code.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a geologic resources committee.. Description: Relative to establishing a geologic resources committee.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the use of special cover plates.. Description: Relative to the use of special cover plates.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to fire sprinkler requirements in residential buildings.. Description: Relative to fire sprinkler requirements in residential buildings.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the graduation requirement of filing a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).. Description: Relative to the graduation requirement of filing a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to material subject to disclosure under the right-to-know law.. Description: Relative to material subject to disclosure under the right-to-know law.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to abolishing daylight saving time.. Description: Relative to abolishing daylight saving time.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to wine manufacturer licenses and relative to on-premises licenses for beverage manufacturers.. Description: Relative to wine manufacturer licenses and relative to on-premises licenses for beverage manufacturers.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the department of safety establishing a repository of maps showing radio systems within the state.. Description: Relative to the department of safety establishing a repository of maps showing radio systems within the state.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to critical incident stress management team members and establishing a rural and underserved area educator incentive program for higher education and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Relative to critical incident stress management team members and establishing a rural and underserved area educator incentive program for higher education and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the legislative youth advisory council.. Description: Relative to the legislative youth advisory council.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to insurance payments to ambulance providers.. Description: Relative to insurance payments to ambulance providers.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to professional limited liability company (PLLC) assistant manager status.. Description: Relative to professional limited liability company (PLLC) assistant manager status.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to vehicles held in joint tenancy with rights of survivorship.. Description: Relative to vehicles held in joint tenancy with rights of survivorship.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Enabling schools to maintain a supply of epinephrine auto-injectors.. Description: Enabling schools to maintain a supply of epinephrine auto-injectors.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the financing of political campaigns.. Description: Relative to the financing of political campaigns.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the administration of occupational boards by the office of professional licensure and certification.. Description: Relative to the administration of occupational boards by the office of professional licensure and certification.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to ballots delivered to elder care facilities.. Description: Relative to ballots delivered to elder care facilities.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to revising the penalties of the shoreland protection act.. Description: Relative to revising the penalties of the shoreland protection act.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the review of decisions in cases involving judicial misconduct.. Description: Relative to the review of decisions in cases involving judicial misconduct.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to application of a local tax cap.. Description: Relative to application of a local tax cap.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to public school curriculum frameworks.. Description: Relative to public school curriculum frameworks.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to requiring student identification cards to include the helpline for the National Alliance for Eating Disorders and the 988 Suicide and Crisis Lifeline.. Description: Relative to requiring student identification cards to include the helpline for the National Alliance for Eating Disorders and the 988 Suicide and Crisis Lifeline.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the penalty for false reports of suspected abuse and neglect made to the division for children, youth, and families.. Description: Relative to the penalty for false reports of suspected abuse and neglect made to the division for children, youth, and families.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to shoreland septic systems.. Description: Relative to shoreland septic systems.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Extending the commission to investigate and analyze the environmental and public health impacts relating to releases of perfluorinated chemicals in the air, soil, and groundwater in Merrimack, Bedford, Londonderry, Hudson and Litchfield.. Description: Extending the commission to investigate and analyze the environmental and public health impacts relating to releases of perfluorinated chemicals in the air, soil, and groundwater in Merrimack, Bedford, Londonderry, Hudson and Litchfield.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the termination of tenancy at the expiration of the tenancy or lease term.. Description: Relative to the termination of tenancy at the expiration of the tenancy or lease term.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to certain firearms to be used for taking of game.. Description: Relative to certain firearms to be used for taking of game.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the issuance of drivers' licenses for aliens temporarily residing in New Hampshire.. Description: Relative to the issuance of drivers' licenses for aliens temporarily residing in New Hampshire.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to absentee ballots.. Description: Relative to absentee ballots.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to creating certain wetlands permit exemptions after a natural disaster or flooding event.. Description: Relative to creating certain wetlands permit exemptions after a natural disaster or flooding event.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to lights on motor vehicles.. Description: Relative to lights on motor vehicles.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to limiting conflicts of interest for municipal board and committee members.. Description: Relative to limiting conflicts of interest for municipal board and committee members.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to requiring public notice and comment at all county commissioner and delegation meetings.. Description: Relative to requiring public notice and comment at all county commissioner and delegation meetings.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to candidate requests for absentee ballot information.. Description: Relative to candidate requests for absentee ballot information.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the revocation and suspension of drivers' licenses and to invalidating out-of-state driver's licenses issued to undocumented immigrants.. Description: Relative to the revocation and suspension of drivers' licenses and to invalidating out-of-state driver's licenses issued to undocumented immigrants.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the authority to vote by proxy in a condominium association.. Description: Relative to the authority to vote by proxy in a condominium association.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to mental health practice.. Description: Relative to mental health practice.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Equalizing the fines for operating an OHRV with a driver's license suspended and operating a snowmobile with a driver's license suspended.. Description: Equalizing the fines for operating an OHRV with a driver's license suspended and operating a snowmobile with a driver's license suspended.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to location of conventional septic systems relative to the seasonal high water table.. Description: Relative to location of conventional septic systems relative to the seasonal high water table.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to requirements for homeowner installations of septic systems.. Description: Relative to requirements for homeowner installations of septic systems.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to requirements for approval to increase load on a sewage disposal system.. Description: Relative to requirements for approval to increase load on a sewage disposal system.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to eligibility for permits for the septic system designer program.. Description: Relative to eligibility for permits for the septic system designer program.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Including control of cyanobacteria blooms under the New Hampshire clean lakes program.. Description: Including control of cyanobacteria blooms under the New Hampshire clean lakes program.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to requirements for sewage disposal system information to be disclosed during real estate transactions.. Description: Relative to requirements for sewage disposal system information to be disclosed during real estate transactions.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the private ownership of landfills.. Description: Prohibiting the private ownership of landfills.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the removal of a voter from the checklist.. Description: Relative to the removal of a voter from the checklist.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to advertising rates for political advertising.. Description: Relative to advertising rates for political advertising.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the carrying of alcoholic beverages on hotel premises and monthly deposits from the liquor commission to the general fund.. Description: Relative to the carrying of alcoholic beverages on hotel premises and monthly deposits from the liquor commission to the general fund.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to property tax exemptions for certain disabled veterans.. Description: Relative to property tax exemptions for certain disabled veterans.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to insurance coverage for living organ donors.. Description: Relative to insurance coverage for living organ donors.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing an exception to vessel registration, defining commercial passenger vessel, and regulating written examinations and certifications for operating commercial vessels.. Description: Relative to establishing an exception to vessel registration, defining commercial passenger vessel, and regulating written examinations and certifications for operating commercial vessels.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to school assessments of statewide academic areas.. Description: Relative to school assessments of statewide academic areas.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to use of the public school infrastructure fund for energy efficient school buses.. Description: Relative to use of the public school infrastructure fund for energy efficient school buses.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to review of public school minimum standards by the legislative oversight committee.. Description: Relative to review of public school minimum standards by the legislative oversight committee.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to criminal records checks of teacher credentialing applicants.. Description: Relative to criminal records checks of teacher credentialing applicants.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to procedures for school facilities under the department of education.. Description: Relative to procedures for school facilities under the department of education.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the math learning communities program.. Description: Relative to the math learning communities program.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the impact of the housing crisis on people with disabilities.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the impact of the housing crisis on people with disabilities.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Creating a private cause of action for discrimination based on hairstyles relative to a person's ethnicity.. Description: Creating a private cause of action for discrimination based on hairstyles relative to a person's ethnicity.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Extending the commission to study environmentally-triggered chronic illness.. Description: Extending the commission to study environmentally-triggered chronic illness.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to meetings of condominium boards and committees.. Description: Relative to meetings of condominium boards and committees.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the official ballot referendum form of town meetings.. Description: Relative to the official ballot referendum form of town meetings.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to an employee's unused earned time.. Description: Relative to an employee's unused earned time.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to state park system fees for retired members of the armed forces.. Description: Relative to state park system fees for retired members of the armed forces.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to solid waste districts.. Description: Relative to solid waste districts.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to firearm purchaser's privacy.. Description: Relative to firearm purchaser's privacy.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to qualifications for licensed nursing assistants.. Description: Relative to qualifications for licensed nursing assistants.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to criteria for reporting child support delinquencies to federal agencies.. Description: Relative to criteria for reporting child support delinquencies to federal agencies.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to adopting the interstate social work licensure compact.. Description: Relative to adopting the interstate social work licensure compact.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the establishment of an exemption to the meals and rooms tax for participants in the restaurant voucher program.. Description: Relative to the establishment of an exemption to the meals and rooms tax for participants in the restaurant voucher program.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to contempt actions in domestic relations matters.. Description: Relative to contempt actions in domestic relations matters.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of noncommunicable disease.. Description: Relative to the definition of noncommunicable disease.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to allowing school districts to approve different apportionment methods for school administrative unit costs.. Description: Relative to allowing school districts to approve different apportionment methods for school administrative unit costs.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to criminal background checks and relative to insurance coverage for intrauterine insemination.. Description: Relative to criminal background checks and relative to insurance coverage for intrauterine insemination.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to liquor stores.. Description: Relative to liquor stores.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to payment of wages for deceased employees.. Description: Relative to payment of wages for deceased employees.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the issuance of permits for the alteration of driveways exiting onto public ways and relative to the definition of disability or special needs under the child care scholarship program.. Description: Relative to the issuance of permits for the alteration of driveways exiting onto public ways and relative to the definition of disability or special needs under the child care scholarship program.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prohibiting the charging of rent to charities by charitable gaming facilities.. Description: Relative to prohibiting the charging of rent to charities by charitable gaming facilities.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to government agent entries into secured premises.. Description: Relative to government agent entries into secured premises.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to women's school sports.. Description: Relative to women's school sports.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to immunization requirements for child care agencies.. Description: Relative to immunization requirements for child care agencies.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a committee to study best practices for the development of a restorative justice model for misdemeanor-level behavior and hate crimes committed by juveniles under the age of eighteen.. Description: Relative to establishing a committee to study best practices for the development of a restorative justice model for misdemeanor-level behavior and hate crimes committed by juveniles under the age of eighteen.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to development approvals and appeals, and allowing the town of Hampton to discontinue a particular highway in order to lease that property.. Description: Relative to development approvals and appeals, and allowing the town of Hampton to discontinue a particular highway in order to lease that property.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to an exception to allow the state or a municipality to use video monitoring to identify the cause of damage to historic covered bridges.. Description: Relative to an exception to allow the state or a municipality to use video monitoring to identify the cause of damage to historic covered bridges.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Abolishing the collection of racial and educational data for use in a marital application worksheet and relative to the expectation of privacy.. Description: Abolishing the collection of racial and educational data for use in a marital application worksheet and relative to the expectation of privacy.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to including solid waste landfills in the definition of development of regional impact.. Description: Relative to including solid waste landfills in the definition of development of regional impact.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to physician assistant scope of practice and establishing a committee to research physician assistant scope of practice.. Description: Relative to physician assistant scope of practice and establishing a committee to research physician assistant scope of practice.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Creating local options for games of chance.. Description: Creating local options for games of chance.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to extending the hours of alcoholic beverage sales for on-premises licensees.. Description: Relative to extending the hours of alcoholic beverage sales for on-premises licensees.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Permitting qualifying patients and designated caregivers to cultivate cannabis for therapeutic use.. Description: Permitting qualifying patients and designated caregivers to cultivate cannabis for therapeutic use.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to high school students serving as school board members.. Description: Relative to high school students serving as school board members.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a pilot recruitment and retention program within the department of health and human services and relative to the income eligibility for "in and out medical assistance" under the state Medicaid plan.. Description: Establishing a pilot recruitment and retention program within the department of health and human services and relative to the income eligibility for "in and out medical assistance" under the state Medicaid plan.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of unmarked or stealth police vehicles for traffic enforcement.. Description: Relative to the use of unmarked or stealth police vehicles for traffic enforcement.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the regulation of money transmitters and relative to license applications and renewals for certain consumer credit entities.. Description: Relative to the regulation of money transmitters and relative to license applications and renewals for certain consumer credit entities.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Revising the laws relative to retail installment sales of motor vehicles, and relative to the sale of a vehicle to a Massachusetts resident.. Description: Revising the laws relative to retail installment sales of motor vehicles, and relative to the sale of a vehicle to a Massachusetts resident.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to release of confidential records of a person appointed a guardian and relative to patient access to medical records.. Description: Relative to release of confidential records of a person appointed a guardian and relative to patient access to medical records.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the towing of inflatables by motorboats.. Description: Relative to the towing of inflatables by motorboats.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a committee to study the needs of Native Americans in New Hampshire.. Description: Relative to establishing a committee to study the needs of Native Americans in New Hampshire.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to property and casualty insurance laws administered by the insurance department.. Description: Relative to property and casualty insurance laws administered by the insurance department.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the criminal penalty for violations of privacy involving minors.. Description: Relative to the criminal penalty for violations of privacy involving minors.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to parenting coordinators in high-conflict cases.. Description: Relative to parenting coordinators in high-conflict cases.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of accessible voting systems.. Description: Relative to the definition of accessible voting systems.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the penalty for failure to file school expenditure reports, relative to certain adequacy grants, and requiring mandatory reporting by school districts of school expenses.. Description: Relative to the penalty for failure to file school expenditure reports, relative to certain adequacy grants, and requiring mandatory reporting by school districts of school expenses.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to permitting recordings of open family court proceedings by parties.. Description: Relative to permitting recordings of open family court proceedings by parties.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to protective custody statutes.. Description: Relative to protective custody statutes.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to judicial administration.. Description: Relative to judicial administration.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to repealing the prohibition on the possession or sale of blackjacks, slung shots, and metallic knuckles except by or to minors.. Description: Relative to repealing the prohibition on the possession or sale of blackjacks, slung shots, and metallic knuckles except by or to minors.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to qualifying medical conditions for purposes of therapeutic cannabis.. Description: Relative to qualifying medical conditions for purposes of therapeutic cannabis.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to payment by the state of a portion of retirement system contributions of political subdivision employers.. Description: Relative to payment by the state of a portion of retirement system contributions of political subdivision employers.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to informed consent and patient rights.. Description: Relative to informed consent and patient rights.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the duration of child support.. Description: Relative to the duration of child support.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to end of life options.. Description: Relative to end of life options.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to establishing certain due process rights for students, student organizations, and faculty members facing disciplinary actions by state institutions of higher learning.. Description: Relative to establishing certain due process rights for students, student organizations, and faculty members facing disciplinary actions by state institutions of higher learning.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to accessory dwelling unit uses allowed by right.. Description: Relative to accessory dwelling unit uses allowed by right.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to coverage of children under the state retiree insurance plan and relative to federal immigration enforcement.. Description: Relative to coverage of children under the state retiree insurance plan and relative to federal immigration enforcement.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study ways to facilitate municipal compliance with Clean Water Act requirements.. Description: Establishing a committee to study ways to facilitate municipal compliance with Clean Water Act requirements.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to penalties for criminal violations of the therapeutic use of cannabis.. Description: Relative to penalties for criminal violations of the therapeutic use of cannabis.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to insurance coverage for diagnostic and supplemental breast examinations.. Description: Relative to insurance coverage for diagnostic and supplemental breast examinations.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of part-time teachers.. Description: Relative to the definition of part-time teachers.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to terminal patients' right to try act.. Description: Relative to terminal patients' right to try act.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to elected conservation commissions in towns.. Description: Relative to elected conservation commissions in towns.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the estate of Tekeste Berhanu.. Description: Relative to the estate of Tekeste Berhanu.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to vessel registration and boat fee decals.. Description: Relative to vessel registration and boat fee decals.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to freedom of speech and association at public institutions of higher education.. Description: Relative to freedom of speech and association at public institutions of higher education.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Providing a supplemental appropriation for members of the retirement system receiving an accidental disability retirement allowance.. Description: Providing a supplemental appropriation for members of the retirement system receiving an accidental disability retirement allowance.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the secretary of state's procedures for enrolled bills.. Description: Relative to the secretary of state's procedures for enrolled bills.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to meetings of supervisors of the checklist.. Description: Relative to meetings of supervisors of the checklist.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to school district collection development and reconsideration policies.. Description: Relative to school district collection development and reconsideration policies.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring parental notification of student health or well-being and certain curricula by school districts.. Description: Requiring parental notification of student health or well-being and certain curricula by school districts.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to access to the voter checklist by candidates.. Description: Relative to access to the voter checklist by candidates.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the comprehensive state development plan.. Description: Relative to the comprehensive state development plan.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the duties of the opioid abatement advisory commission.. Description: Relative to the duties of the opioid abatement advisory commission.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prohibiting the nonconsensual dissemination of synthetic sexual images.. Description: Relative to prohibiting the nonconsensual dissemination of synthetic sexual images.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to real property and flood risk disclosure.. Description: Relative to real property and flood risk disclosure.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to repealing penalties for the sale of kegs of malt beverages without a receipt.. Description: Relative to repealing penalties for the sale of kegs of malt beverages without a receipt.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the furnishing of copies of the state constitution by the secretary of state to the public.. Description: Relative to the furnishing of copies of the state constitution by the secretary of state to the public.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to public safety providers defined as essential services.. Description: Relative to public safety providers defined as essential services.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to creating special number plates for fire departments.. Description: Relative to creating special number plates for fire departments.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to establishing an emergency medical services disciplinary review panel, and relative to procedures for removal of records of discipline.. Description: Relative to establishing an emergency medical services disciplinary review panel, and relative to procedures for removal of records of discipline.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the sale of beer in refillable containers.. Description: Relative to the sale of beer in refillable containers.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to employees' firearms in locked vehicles.. Description: Relative to employees' firearms in locked vehicles.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to background checks during motions to return firearms and ammunition.. Description: Relative to background checks during motions to return firearms and ammunition.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to exclusion of incarceration as voluntary unemployment for purposes of calculating child support.. Description: Relative to exclusion of incarceration as voluntary unemployment for purposes of calculating child support.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the liability of grandparents to provide assistance.. Description: Relative to the liability of grandparents to provide assistance.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the length of terms for Coos county officers.. Description: Relative to the length of terms for Coos county officers.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Governing the application for a ballot recount in a state general election.. Description: Governing the application for a ballot recount in a state general election.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to generalized anxiety disorder as a qualifying condition for the therapeutic cannabis program.. Description: Relative to generalized anxiety disorder as a qualifying condition for the therapeutic cannabis program.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to therapeutic cannabis possession limits.. Description: Relative to therapeutic cannabis possession limits.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to firefighting personal protective equipment.. Description: Relative to firefighting personal protective equipment.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to special number plates for surviving spouses of veterans.. Description: Relative to special number plates for surviving spouses of veterans.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the New Hampshire National Guard recruitment and reenlistment incentive program, and continuing a recruitment and retention incentive program and efforts within the department of transportation.. Description: Relative to the New Hampshire National Guard recruitment and reenlistment incentive program, and continuing a recruitment and retention incentive program and efforts within the department of transportation.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to tenant and contract manufacturers of beer, wine, and liquor; allowing pharmacists to administer influenza, COVID-19, and other FDA licensed vaccines without explicit approval from the general court; and, restricting the purchase of real property on or around military installations.. Description: Relative to tenant and contract manufacturers of beer, wine, and liquor; allowing pharmacists to administer influenza, COVID-19, and other FDA licensed vaccines without explicit approval from the general court; and, restricting the purchase of real property on or around military installations.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to appeals of certain zoning decisions by abutters.. Description: Relative to appeals of certain zoning decisions by abutters.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to emergency authority on the public or coastal waters of the state.. Description: Relative to emergency authority on the public or coastal waters of the state.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to municipal land use regulation for manufactured housing and subdivisions.. Description: Relative to municipal land use regulation for manufactured housing and subdivisions.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the state fire code.. Description: Relative to the state fire code.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to substitution of biological products by pharmacies.. Description: Relative to substitution of biological products by pharmacies.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to penalties for the negligent or reckless operation of boats.. Description: Relative to penalties for the negligent or reckless operation of boats.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the verification of voter rolls every 4 years.. Description: Relative to the verification of voter rolls every 4 years.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to eliminating voter identification exceptions.. Description: Relative to eliminating voter identification exceptions.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to allowing the land use master plan to include a section on waste reduction.. Description: Relative to allowing the land use master plan to include a section on waste reduction.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to brew pub licenses, relative to insurance cost-sharing calculations, and relative to receipt of pharmaceutical rebates by insurers and pharmacy benefits managers.. Description: Relative to brew pub licenses, relative to insurance cost-sharing calculations, and relative to receipt of pharmaceutical rebates by insurers and pharmacy benefits managers.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Granting witness fee reimbursement to unrepresented parents in the armed forces who prevail in special education hearings.. Description: Granting witness fee reimbursement to unrepresented parents in the armed forces who prevail in special education hearings.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing the veteran licensing acceleration program and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Relative to establishing the veteran licensing acceleration program and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prohibiting the disposal of lithium-ion batteries in solid waste landfill facilities, composting facilities, or incinerators.. Description: Relative to prohibiting the disposal of lithium-ion batteries in solid waste landfill facilities, composting facilities, or incinerators.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to revisions to the state building code.. Description: Relative to revisions to the state building code.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to ethical standards for members of the general court.. Description: Relative to ethical standards for members of the general court.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Allowing new vehicles purchased in the model year or before to be inspected in the second year after purchase.. Description: Allowing new vehicles purchased in the model year or before to be inspected in the second year after purchase.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to licensure and regulation of music therapists.. Description: Relative to licensure and regulation of music therapists.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Allowing municipalities to permit 2 residential units in certain single-family residential zones.. Description: Allowing municipalities to permit 2 residential units in certain single-family residential zones.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to residential parking spaces, landlord-tenant law, unauthorized occupant evictions, and zoning procedures concerning residential housing.. Description: Relative to residential parking spaces, landlord-tenant law, unauthorized occupant evictions, and zoning procedures concerning residential housing.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to temporary waivers for vehicle emission control equipment.. Description: Relative to temporary waivers for vehicle emission control equipment.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to child care staffing ratios.. Description: Relative to child care staffing ratios.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certain professional licenses and relative to the board of optometry and the regulation of optometry.. Description: Relative to certain professional licenses and relative to the board of optometry and the regulation of optometry.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to court reporters.. Description: Relative to court reporters.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to mental health supervision agreements and relative to establishing a committee to study increasing access to and accountability for mental health services.. Description: Relative to mental health supervision agreements and relative to establishing a committee to study increasing access to and accountability for mental health services.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to pistols permitted for taking game.. Description: Relative to pistols permitted for taking game.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to utility requirements for integrated distribution planning.. Description: Relative to utility requirements for integrated distribution planning.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prohibiting certain uses of deepfakes and creating a private claim of action.. Description: Relative to prohibiting certain uses of deepfakes and creating a private claim of action.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the donation of archival records to the state and relative to classified positions in the secretary of state's office.. Description: Relative to the donation of archival records to the state and relative to classified positions in the secretary of state's office.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring the university system of New Hampshire and the community college system of New Hampshire to further work toward implementing comprehensive higher education alignment strategies and findings identified in the governors public higher education task force report.. Description: Requiring the university system of New Hampshire and the community college system of New Hampshire to further work toward implementing comprehensive higher education alignment strategies and findings identified in the governors public higher education task force report.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to mandatory overtime and the calculation of base rate of compensation.. Description: Relative to mandatory overtime and the calculation of base rate of compensation.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the appointment and removal of the members of the board of tax and land appeals and the housing appeals board.. Description: Relative to the appointment and removal of the members of the board of tax and land appeals and the housing appeals board.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing penalties for driving over covered wooden bridges in vehicles that exceed posted limits and for vehicular damage to covered wooden bridges.. Description: Establishing penalties for driving over covered wooden bridges in vehicles that exceed posted limits and for vehicular damage to covered wooden bridges.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the effects of laws relative to the production of beef, pork, and poultry.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the effects of laws relative to the production of beef, pork, and poultry.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to studies of nuclear energy technologies and renaming the office of offshore wind industry development.. Description: Relative to studies of nuclear energy technologies and renaming the office of offshore wind industry development.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to providing disaster relief funding to municipalities after a natural disaster.. Description: Relative to providing disaster relief funding to municipalities after a natural disaster.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Directing the department of transportation to develop a Conway Branch rail line master plan.. Description: Directing the department of transportation to develop a Conway Branch rail line master plan.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the retention of individualized education program records.. Description: Relative to the retention of individualized education program records.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the commission on Native American affairs.. Description: Relative to the commission on Native American affairs.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to alternative dispute resolution within individualized education programs.. Description: Relative to alternative dispute resolution within individualized education programs.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the solid waste management act.. Description: Relative to the solid waste management act.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to OHRVs.. Description: Relative to OHRVs.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the civilian clean energy, community resilience, and conservation corps, and establishing a committee to study the child protection act.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the civilian clean energy, community resilience, and conservation corps, and establishing a committee to study the child protection act.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to architectural paint recycling.. Description: Relative to architectural paint recycling.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to liability for children with disabilities in certain court ordered placements or episodes of treatment.. Description: Relative to liability for children with disabilities in certain court ordered placements or episodes of treatment.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to recovery houses.. Description: Relative to recovery houses.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to authorizing parents of special education children to observe in the classroom setting.. Description: Relative to authorizing parents of special education children to observe in the classroom setting.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to credits for the business profits tax and business enterprise tax.. Description: Relative to credits for the business profits tax and business enterprise tax.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to a conditional veterinary license for graduates of non-AVMA-accredited colleges of veterinary medicine.. Description: Relative to a conditional veterinary license for graduates of non-AVMA-accredited colleges of veterinary medicine.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to reporting by the northern border alliance program.. Description: Relative to reporting by the northern border alliance program.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the safe harbor compensation amount under the business profits tax.. Description: Relative to the safe harbor compensation amount under the business profits tax.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to increasing the amount of the expense deduction allowed against the business profits tax.. Description: Relative to increasing the amount of the expense deduction allowed against the business profits tax.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to annulling, resentencing, or discontinuing prosecution of certain cannabis offenses.. Description: Relative to annulling, resentencing, or discontinuing prosecution of certain cannabis offenses.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the definitions of full course meals and full service restaurant for purposes of alcohol licensing.. Description: Relative to the definitions of full course meals and full service restaurant for purposes of alcohol licensing.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to possession and presentation of safe boater education certificates.. Description: Relative to possession and presentation of safe boater education certificates.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to recommendations of the joint committee on employee classification.. Description: Relative to recommendations of the joint committee on employee classification.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to buy-in amount deductions collected during the operation of games of chance.. Description: Relative to buy-in amount deductions collected during the operation of games of chance.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Authorizing municipalities to reduce speed limits seasonally.. Description: Authorizing municipalities to reduce speed limits seasonally.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the duties and responsibilities of superintendents of school administrative units.. Description: Relative to the duties and responsibilities of superintendents of school administrative units.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to certified culvert maintainer program reporting and requiring the commissioner of the department of environmental services to regulate the cutting of native aquatic vegetation on submerged lands in public waters or certain public-owned water bodies and establishing rulemaking authority for such regulation.. Description: Relative to certified culvert maintainer program reporting and requiring the commissioner of the department of environmental services to regulate the cutting of native aquatic vegetation on submerged lands in public waters or certain public-owned water bodies and establishing rulemaking authority for such regulation.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Repealing the chapter relative to cash dispensing machines, relative to disability pensions for public safety employees who are victims of violence, and relative toestablishing the New Hampshire Canadian trade council fund.. Description: Repealing the chapter relative to cash dispensing machines, relative to disability pensions for public safety employees who are victims of violence, and relative toestablishing the New Hampshire Canadian trade council fund.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the child support guidelines.. Description: Relative to the child support guidelines.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of potentially hazardous food.. Description: Relative to the definition of potentially hazardous food.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to zoning provisions concerning family and group family child care uses.. Description: Relative to zoning provisions concerning family and group family child care uses.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to reimbursement for ambulance services under the state Medicaid plan and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Relative to reimbursement for ambulance services under the state Medicaid plan and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to eliminating voter identification exceptions.. Description: Relative to eliminating voter identification exceptions.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the department of education to conduct a facility assessment of public schools and public chartered schools.. Description: Requiring the department of education to conduct a facility assessment of public schools and public chartered schools.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to out-of-home placements for children.. Description: Relative to out-of-home placements for children.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the merging of school administrative units.. Description: Relative to the merging of school administrative units.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the per pupil cost of an opportunity for an adequate education.. Description: Relative to the per pupil cost of an opportunity for an adequate education.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to home day care licensing requirements.. Description: Relative to home day care licensing requirements.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the position of certified assisted living medication aide and relative to the state loan repayment program for qualified nursing professionals, and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Relative to the position of certified assisted living medication aide and relative to the state loan repayment program for qualified nursing professionals, and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to court jurisdiction over persons receiving special education.. Description: Relative to court jurisdiction over persons receiving special education.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a veterans treatment court. Description: Establishing a veterans treatment court
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to fines for prohibited sales of tobacco.. Description: Relative to fines for prohibited sales of tobacco.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Making an appropriation to the department of health and human services to support recreational activities for individuals with developmental disabilities and relative to the uncompensated care and Medicaid fund.. Description: Making an appropriation to the department of health and human services to support recreational activities for individuals with developmental disabilities and relative to the uncompensated care and Medicaid fund.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring a disclosure of deceptive artificial intelligence usage in political advertising.. Description: Requiring a disclosure of deceptive artificial intelligence usage in political advertising.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the department of health and human services management of social security payments and veterans benefits for children in foster care.. Description: Relative to the department of health and human services management of social security payments and veterans benefits for children in foster care.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to participation in net energy metering.. Description: Relative to participation in net energy metering.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of electronic medical records.. Description: Relative to the use of electronic medical records.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to expanded safe haven protections.. Description: Relative to expanded safe haven protections.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the commission on the primary care workforce and the state office of rural health.. Description: Relative to the commission on the primary care workforce and the state office of rural health.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a trust fund for money from soil and water environmental contamination court settlements.. Description: Establishing a trust fund for money from soil and water environmental contamination court settlements.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the autism registry.. Description: Relative to the autism registry.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to parental consent for student participation in Medicaid to schools program and establishing a pilot recruitment and retention program within the department of health and human services.. Description: Relative to parental consent for student participation in Medicaid to schools program and establishing a pilot recruitment and retention program within the department of health and human services.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to suspending the issuance of new landfill permits until 2031.. Description: Relative to suspending the issuance of new landfill permits until 2031.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to involuntary retirement or decommissioning of electricity generators.. Description: Relative to involuntary retirement or decommissioning of electricity generators.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to allowing the distillation of hobby liquors.. Description: Relative to allowing the distillation of hobby liquors.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the repeal of certain designated funds and relative to the apportionment of dog license fees.. Description: Relative to the repeal of certain designated funds and relative to the apportionment of dog license fees.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to recodifying certain laws concerning railroads, transportation, and telecommunications.. Description: Relative to recodifying certain laws concerning railroads, transportation, and telecommunications.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to regulatory authority for apples, coal grading, potatoes, cider, milk, and lumber.. Description: Relative to regulatory authority for apples, coal grading, potatoes, cider, milk, and lumber.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing the commission to study revenue alternatives to the road toll, road toll registration charges, and revenue alternatives to vehicle registration fees to fund highway and bridge improvements.. Description: Establishing the commission to study revenue alternatives to the road toll, road toll registration charges, and revenue alternatives to vehicle registration fees to fund highway and bridge improvements.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to out-of-state solid waste.. Description: Relative to out-of-state solid waste.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the legalization and regulation of cannabis and making appropriations therefor.. Description: Relative to the legalization and regulation of cannabis and making appropriations therefor.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to reducing requirements for vehicle inspections.. Description: Relative to reducing requirements for vehicle inspections.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to children with disabilities placed at state facilities for detained or adjudicated youth.. Description: Relative to children with disabilities placed at state facilities for detained or adjudicated youth.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the calculation of group II retirement benefits in the retirement system.. Description: Relative to the calculation of group II retirement benefits in the retirement system.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prohibiting certain products with intentionally added PFAS and relative to civil actions for PFAS contamination, and relative to settlement of lawsuits against manufacturers of PFAS for impacts to public drinking water systems.. Description: Relative to prohibiting certain products with intentionally added PFAS and relative to civil actions for PFAS contamination, and relative to settlement of lawsuits against manufacturers of PFAS for impacts to public drinking water systems.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Including in the commissioner of the department of education's rulemaking authority the authority to make rules regarding collection of fees for criminal background check processing.. Description: Including in the commissioner of the department of education's rulemaking authority the authority to make rules regarding collection of fees for criminal background check processing.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to adequate education grant amounts for pupils receiving special education services.. Description: Relative to adequate education grant amounts for pupils receiving special education services.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to interference with child custody and shared parenting.. Description: Relative to interference with child custody and shared parenting.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to coverage of certain procedures for minor children under the states Medicaid program.. Description: Relative to coverage of certain procedures for minor children under the states Medicaid program.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to student eligibility for education freedom accounts and the scholarship organization's costs of administering the program, extending phase-out grants for education freedom accounts, and revising the definitions of average daily membership in attendance and average daily membership in residence.. Description: Relative to student eligibility for education freedom accounts and the scholarship organization's costs of administering the program, extending phase-out grants for education freedom accounts, and revising the definitions of average daily membership in attendance and average daily membership in residence.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to income reporting requirements for lobbyists.. Description: Relative to income reporting requirements for lobbyists.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to restricting data sharing through the state immunization registry.. Description: Relative to restricting data sharing through the state immunization registry.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a New Hampshire farm to school local food incentive pilot program.. Description: Establishing a New Hampshire farm to school local food incentive pilot program.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to disposal of construction and demolition debris from state construction projects.. Description: Relative to disposal of construction and demolition debris from state construction projects.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the use of artificial intelligence by state agencies.. Description: Relative to the use of artificial intelligence by state agencies.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the release of student personally identifiable information.. Description: Relative to the release of student personally identifiable information.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to local records retention.. Description: Relative to local records retention.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to forest carbon credit programs.. Description: Relative to forest carbon credit programs.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the use of drones for the aerial application of pesticides.. Description: Relative to the use of drones for the aerial application of pesticides.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the forest carbon commission.. Description: Establishing the forest carbon commission.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the state to report mental health data for firearms background check purposes and providing for processes for confiscation of firearms following certain mental health-related court proceedings and for relief from mental health-related firearms disabilities.. Description: Authorizing the state to report mental health data for firearms background check purposes and providing for processes for confiscation of firearms following certain mental health-related court proceedings and for relief from mental health-related firearms disabilities.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Renewing the committee to study non-pharmacological treatment options for patients with chronic pain.. Description: Renewing the committee to study non-pharmacological treatment options for patients with chronic pain.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to a defendant's presence during certain criminal proceedings.. Description: Relative to a defendant's presence during certain criminal proceedings.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the state 10-year transportation improvement plan; relative to adding a speed limit of 45 miles per hour on rural highways; relative to disability pensions for public safety employees who are victims of violence; and making a capital appropriation to the department of corrections toward the replacement of the New Hampshire state prison for men.. Description: Relative to the state 10-year transportation improvement plan; relative to adding a speed limit of 45 miles per hour on rural highways; relative to disability pensions for public safety employees who are victims of violence; and making a capital appropriation to the department of corrections toward the replacement of the New Hampshire state prison for men.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to recovery of search and rescue expenses.. Description: Relative to recovery of search and rescue expenses.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Repealing a requirement for a report on chartered public school payments.. Description: Repealing a requirement for a report on chartered public school payments.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to a portrait in the likeness of Rogers Johnson at the state house.. Description: Relative to a portrait in the likeness of Rogers Johnson at the state house.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a study committee on resident-owned manufactured housing park disputes and oversight of resident-owned manufactured housing parks.. Description: Establishing a study committee on resident-owned manufactured housing park disputes and oversight of resident-owned manufactured housing parks.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to prompt payments for managed care.. Description: Relative to prompt payments for managed care.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Repealing certain task forces, study committees, and study commissions , repealing the John G. Winant memorial commission and making the maintenance of the memorial a duty of the joint legislative historical committee, and establishing a committee to study the appeals process administered by the environmental councils established under RSA 21-O.. Description: Repealing certain task forces, study committees, and study commissions , repealing the John G. Winant memorial commission and making the maintenance of the memorial a duty of the joint legislative historical committee, and establishing a committee to study the appeals process administered by the environmental councils established under RSA 21-O.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of animals in product testing.. Description: Relative to the use of animals in product testing.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to federal immigration enforcement.. Description: Relative to federal immigration enforcement.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing an emerging professional certificate for child care programs.. Description: Establishing an emerging professional certificate for child care programs.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to pari-mutuel pools and historic horse racing.. Description: Relative to pari-mutuel pools and historic horse racing.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to payment for legal services for persons involuntarily admitted for mental health services.. Description: Relative to payment for legal services for persons involuntarily admitted for mental health services.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to disability pensions for public safety employees who are victims of violence,and suspending the issuance of new landfill permits until 2028.. Description: Relative to disability pensions for public safety employees who are victims of violence,and suspending the issuance of new landfill permits until 2028.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to nano brewery licenses and beverage manufacturers licenses.. Description: Relative to nano brewery licenses and beverage manufacturers licenses.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to mental health education.. Description: Relative to mental health education.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to voter registration and verification of voter identity.. Description: Relative to voter registration and verification of voter identity.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to absentee ballot outer envelopes.. Description: Relative to absentee ballot outer envelopes.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to surprise medical bills.. Description: Relative to surprise medical bills.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to insurance coverage for pelvic floor therapy.. Description: Relative to insurance coverage for pelvic floor therapy.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to health insurance coverage of prosthetics for children under 19 years of age.. Description: Relative to health insurance coverage of prosthetics for children under 19 years of age.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to product labeling and information guide requirements for cannabis products and the prohibition of the sale of hemp products containing certain levels of THC.. Description: Relative to product labeling and information guide requirements for cannabis products and the prohibition of the sale of hemp products containing certain levels of THC.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the various barriers to discharge for patients to be safely discharged from acute care facilities.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the various barriers to discharge for patients to be safely discharged from acute care facilities.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to advanced deposit account wagering.. Description: Relative to advanced deposit account wagering.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to road toll registration surcharges for electric vehicles.. Description: Relative to road toll registration surcharges for electric vehicles.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a minimum amount of uninsured motorist coverage required for vehicles operating as part of transportation network companies in New Hampshire.. Description: Establishing a minimum amount of uninsured motorist coverage required for vehicles operating as part of transportation network companies in New Hampshire.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Directing the insurance department to conduct a cost study of providing coverage for certain reproductive health care.. Description: Directing the insurance department to conduct a cost study of providing coverage for certain reproductive health care.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to resale of event tickets.. Description: Relative to resale of event tickets.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the licensing of software applications by state agencies.. Description: Relative to the licensing of software applications by state agencies.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a rural and underserved area educator incentive program for higher education and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Establishing a rural and underserved area educator incentive program for higher education and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing an early educator professional development grant.. Description: Establishing an early educator professional development grant.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring mandatory reporting by school districts of school expenses.. Description: Requiring mandatory reporting by school districts of school expenses.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a study committee to examine day care access and affordability.. Description: Establishing a study committee to examine day care access and affordability.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to services provided through a primary care behavioral health model.. Description: Relative to services provided through a primary care behavioral health model.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study nonprofit organizations contracting with the department of health and human services for children's services.. Description: Establishing a committee to study nonprofit organizations contracting with the department of health and human services for children's services.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of harm reduction services to treat alcohol and other substance misuse.. Description: Relative to the use of harm reduction services to treat alcohol and other substance misuse.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to bail for a defendant.. Description: Relative to bail for a defendant.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing magistrates and relative to release of persons pending resolution of criminal charges.. Description: Establishing magistrates and relative to release of persons pending resolution of criminal charges.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the release of a defendant pending trial, directing the establishment of an electronic monitoring program for criminal defendants released on bail, and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Relative to the release of a defendant pending trial, directing the establishment of an electronic monitoring program for criminal defendants released on bail, and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to parental access to a minor child's medical records.. Description: Relative to parental access to a minor child's medical records.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the expectation of privacy.. Description: Relative to the expectation of privacy.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Extending the New Hampshire granite advantage health care program and reestablishing the commission to evaluate the effectiveness and future of the New Hampshire granite advantage health care program.. Description: Extending the New Hampshire granite advantage health care program and reestablishing the commission to evaluate the effectiveness and future of the New Hampshire granite advantage health care program.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to administration of school assessment and accountability programs by the department of education.. Description: Relative to administration of school assessment and accountability programs by the department of education.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the commissioner of the department of environmental services to consider "cumulative impacts analysis" in rules and statutes.. Description: Requiring the commissioner of the department of environmental services to consider "cumulative impacts analysis" in rules and statutes.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a committee to study the possibility of placing a desalination plant in New Hampshire.. Description: Relative to establishing a committee to study the possibility of placing a desalination plant in New Hampshire.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adding an additional exemption from the regulation of physicians and surgeons.. Description: Adding an additional exemption from the regulation of physicians and surgeons.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the use of renewable energy funds by the department of energy.. Description: Relative to the use of renewable energy funds by the department of energy.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to manufactured housing rulemaking authority.. Description: Relative to manufactured housing rulemaking authority.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to bear registration, federal duck stamps, and the transport of out of state lobsters and crabs.. Description: Relative to bear registration, federal duck stamps, and the transport of out of state lobsters and crabs.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to property tax offset for the town of Hampstead and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Relative to property tax offset for the town of Hampstead and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to third party liability in Medicaid.. Description: Relative to third party liability in Medicaid.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the delivery of the mittimus in a criminal case.. Description: Relative to the delivery of the mittimus in a criminal case.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to pre-trial competency evaluations.. Description: Relative to pre-trial competency evaluations.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to law enforcement agency reporting on information concerning bias crimes.. Description: Relative to law enforcement agency reporting on information concerning bias crimes.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a penalty for a person who transports fentanyl class drugs into New Hampshire with the intent to distribute.. Description: Establishing a penalty for a person who transports fentanyl class drugs into New Hampshire with the intent to distribute.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a New Hampshire-Ireland trade council.. Description: Relative to establishing a New Hampshire-Ireland trade council.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the release of a defendant pending trial.. Description: Relative to the release of a defendant pending trial.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to licenses to carry and immunity for law enforcement officers issuing certain firearms licenses.. Description: Relative to licenses to carry and immunity for law enforcement officers issuing certain firearms licenses.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to lottery license renewal notices.. Description: Relative to lottery license renewal notices.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the issue of insurance appraiser licensing.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the issue of insurance appraiser licensing.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Providing penalties for the assault or harassment of sports officials.. Description: Providing penalties for the assault or harassment of sports officials.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to background checks of certain persons associated with solid waste management.. Description: Relative to background checks of certain persons associated with solid waste management.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to allowing the ability to work from home to count toward unemployment benefits eligibility.. Description: Relative to allowing the ability to work from home to count toward unemployment benefits eligibility.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to certain historic commemorations.. Description: Relative to certain historic commemorations.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Limiting re-disclosure of consumer reports requested in connection with a credit transaction involving an extension of credit secured by real estate.. Description: Limiting re-disclosure of consumer reports requested in connection with a credit transaction involving an extension of credit secured by real estate.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to access to financial services for minors in legal custody or guardianship and relative to the board of directors of mutual banks and mutual holding companies.. Description: Relative to access to financial services for minors in legal custody or guardianship and relative to the board of directors of mutual banks and mutual holding companies.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to providing for the issuance of bonds and other obligations by the business finance authority of the state of New Hampshire to finance student loans.. Description: Relative to providing for the issuance of bonds and other obligations by the business finance authority of the state of New Hampshire to finance student loans.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to doula and lactation service provider certification.. Description: Relative to doula and lactation service provider certification.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the education professional standards board.. Description: Relative to the education professional standards board.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to repealing the graduation requirement regarding Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) applications.. Description: Relative to repealing the graduation requirement regarding Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) applications.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to communication between parents and school districts regarding special education, special education reporting requirements, and the office of the advocate for special education.. Description: Relative to communication between parents and school districts regarding special education, special education reporting requirements, and the office of the advocate for special education.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to mandatory disclosure by school district employees to parents.. Description: Relative to mandatory disclosure by school district employees to parents.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to declarations of candidacy for president of the United States.. Description: Relative to declarations of candidacy for president of the United States.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to state park fees for state residents.. Description: Relative to state park fees for state residents.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to infrastructure appropriations for reimbursement to the city of Laconia.. Description: Relative to infrastructure appropriations for reimbursement to the city of Laconia.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study voluntary home visiting services for families withnewborns, infants, and young children.. Description: Establishing a committee to study voluntary home visiting services for families withnewborns, infants, and young children.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to gap health insurance coverage for prima facie presumptive conditions for emergency response/public safety workers.. Description: Relative to gap health insurance coverage for prima facie presumptive conditions for emergency response/public safety workers.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing an early detection cancer screening pilot program for active and retired firefighters.. Description: Establishing an early detection cancer screening pilot program for active and retired firefighters.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to insurance coverage for autism spectrum disorder and Down syndrome.. Description: Relative to insurance coverage for autism spectrum disorder and Down syndrome.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to insurance cost-sharing calculations.. Description: Relative to insurance cost-sharing calculations.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to newborn screening for cytomegalovirus.. Description: Relative to newborn screening for cytomegalovirus.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to expanding the definition of providers who can certify patients of the therapeutic cannabis program.. Description: Relative to expanding the definition of providers who can certify patients of the therapeutic cannabis program.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to invalidating out-of-state driver's licenses issued to undocumented immigrants.. Description: Relative to invalidating out-of-state driver's licenses issued to undocumented immigrants.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Raising the age of marriage to 18 years of age.. Description: Raising the age of marriage to 18 years of age.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to legal services by paraprofessionals.. Description: Relative to legal services by paraprofessionals.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to body-worn cameras.. Description: Relative to body-worn cameras.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to wagering on simulcast dog racing.. Description: Relative to wagering on simulcast dog racing.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the sale or use of lithium-ion batteries for electric bicycles, scooters, or personal electric mobility devices.. Description: Relative to the sale or use of lithium-ion batteries for electric bicycles, scooters, or personal electric mobility devices.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to restricting the purchase of real property on or around military installations.. Description: Relative to restricting the purchase of real property on or around military installations.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Reestablishing the commission to study the incidence of post-traumatic stress disorder in first responders.. Description: Reestablishing the commission to study the incidence of post-traumatic stress disorder in first responders.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Directing the office of professional licensure and certification to provide notice of public meetings and an opportunity for comment, creating a new position, and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Directing the office of professional licensure and certification to provide notice of public meetings and an opportunity for comment, creating a new position, and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the licensing and regulation of physicians.. Description: Relative to the licensing and regulation of physicians.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to plumbing apprenticeships.. Description: Relative to plumbing apprenticeships.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the state building code.. Description: Relative to the state building code.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the licensing of part-time teachers.. Description: Relative to the licensing of part-time teachers.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to biological sex in student athletics.. Description: Relative to biological sex in student athletics.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a corrections education and vocational planning group.. Description: Relative to establishing a corrections education and vocational planning group.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing the achieving a better life experience (ABLE) savings account program administrative fund.. Description: Establishing the achieving a better life experience (ABLE) savings account program administrative fund.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the performance-based school accountability system task force.. Description: Relative to the performance-based school accountability system task force.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to emergency action plans for sports related injuries.. Description: Relative to emergency action plans for sports related injuries.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to moving the state primary date.. Description: Relative to moving the state primary date.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to local tax caps.. Description: Relative to local tax caps.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the cost of care fund.. Description: Relative to the cost of care fund.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a committee to study power generation, transmission, distribution, and storage.. Description: Relative to establishing a committee to study power generation, transmission, distribution, and storage.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to a state parks pass pilot program for recovery centers and community mental health centers.. Description: Relative to a state parks pass pilot program for recovery centers and community mental health centers.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to administration of utilities by the department of energy.. Description: Relative to administration of utilities by the department of energy.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to electric grid interconnection for certain customer generators.. Description: Relative to electric grid interconnection for certain customer generators.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to making an appropriation to the department of environmental services to fund regional drinking water infrastructure.. Description: Relative to making an appropriation to the department of environmental services to fund regional drinking water infrastructure.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing the position of assistant commissioner of the department of agriculture, markets, and food.. Description: Relative to establishing the position of assistant commissioner of the department of agriculture, markets, and food.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to making an appropriation to the culinary arts program at the Wilbur H. Palmer Regional Career and Technical Education Center.. Description: Relative to making an appropriation to the culinary arts program at the Wilbur H. Palmer Regional Career and Technical Education Center.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to insurance coverage for blood testing associated with elevated lead levels.. Description: Relative to insurance coverage for blood testing associated with elevated lead levels.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to patient access to medical records.. Description: Relative to patient access to medical records.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to allowing pharmacists to administer influenza, COVID-19, and other FDA licensed vaccines without explicit approval from the general court.. Description: Relative to allowing pharmacists to administer influenza, COVID-19, and other FDA licensed vaccines without explicit approval from the general court.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the health care workforce.. Description: Relative to the health care workforce.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to expanding child care professionals' eligibility for the child care scholarship program.. Description: Relative to expanding child care professionals' eligibility for the child care scholarship program.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation to the department of health and human services to increase rates for shelter programs.. Description: Making an appropriation to the department of health and human services to increase rates for shelter programs.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the effects of the housing crisis on the disability community.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the effects of the housing crisis on the disability community.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to reimbursement for ambulance services under the state Medicaid plan and making an appropriation therefor and making an appropriation to the department of health and human services to support recreational activities for individuals with developmental disabilities.. Description: Relative to reimbursement for ambulance services under the state Medicaid plan and making an appropriation therefor and making an appropriation to the department of health and human services to support recreational activities for individuals with developmental disabilities.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study emergency mental health services for persons 21 years of age and younger in New Hampshire.. Description: Establishing a committee to study emergency mental health services for persons 21 years of age and younger in New Hampshire.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to residential care and health facility licensing.. Description: Relative to residential care and health facility licensing.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to civil actions for PFAS contamination and relative to the termination of tenancy at the expiration of the tenancy or lease term.. Description: Relative to civil actions for PFAS contamination and relative to the termination of tenancy at the expiration of the tenancy or lease term.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a mandatory minimum sentence for the crime of distribution of a controlled drug with death resulting.. Description: Relative to establishing a mandatory minimum sentence for the crime of distribution of a controlled drug with death resulting.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the penalty for certain fentanyl-related offenses.. Description: Relative to the penalty for certain fentanyl-related offenses.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to out-of-home placements for children.. Description: Relative to out-of-home placements for children.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to refusal of consent to testing to determine alcohol concentration and penalties for aggravated driving while intoxicated.. Description: Relative to refusal of consent to testing to determine alcohol concentration and penalties for aggravated driving while intoxicated.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the annual data report on the therapeutic use of cannabis program and relative to permitting qualifying patients and designated caregivers to cultivate cannabis for therapeutic use.. Description: Relative to the annual data report on the therapeutic use of cannabis program and relative to permitting qualifying patients and designated caregivers to cultivate cannabis for therapeutic use.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to requiring an additional report from the legislative study committee concerning the long-term impact of the New Hampshire adult parole system.. Description: Relative to requiring an additional report from the legislative study committee concerning the long-term impact of the New Hampshire adult parole system.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Changing several references and modifying language in parentage and birth records.. Description: Changing several references and modifying language in parentage and birth records.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to mandatory disclosure of insurance policy limits.. Description: Relative to mandatory disclosure of insurance policy limits.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to reductions of maximum sentences while on parole.. Description: Relative to reductions of maximum sentences while on parole.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to bail commissioner fees.. Description: Relative to bail commissioner fees.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the transportation of marijuana in a motor vehicle or OHRV.. Description: Relative to the transportation of marijuana in a motor vehicle or OHRV.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the color of executive council official cover plates.. Description: Relative to the color of executive council official cover plates.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a council to study the impacts of electric vehicles, e-mobility devices, and the associated lithium-ion batteries on first responder response, the environment, building and fire codes, life safety, and property protection.. Description: Relative to establishing a council to study the impacts of electric vehicles, e-mobility devices, and the associated lithium-ion batteries on first responder response, the environment, building and fire codes, life safety, and property protection.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to wake surfing.. Description: Relative to wake surfing.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to advanced deposit account wagering and establishing a charitable third party financial intermediary program.. Description: Relative to advanced deposit account wagering and establishing a charitable third party financial intermediary program.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the marketing of e-cigarettes and e-liquid in this state, including the legality of available products, appropriate wholesale and retail compliance and tax collection system of the same.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the marketing of e-cigarettes and e-liquid in this state, including the legality of available products, appropriate wholesale and retail compliance and tax collection system of the same.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the New Hampshire unitrust statute.. Description: Relative to the New Hampshire unitrust statute.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to local authority to amend the state building code.. Description: Relative to local authority to amend the state building code.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: To prohibiting discriminatory boycotts of Israel in state procurement and investments.. Description: To prohibiting discriminatory boycotts of Israel in state procurement and investments.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the board of optometry and the regulation of optometry.. Description: Relative to the board of optometry and the regulation of optometry.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing an advisory group to examine potential funding sources for career and technical education (CTE) construction and renovation.. Description: Relative to establishing an advisory group to examine potential funding sources for career and technical education (CTE) construction and renovation.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to student eligibility for education freedom accounts and the scholarship organization's costs of administering the program, extending phase-out grants for education freedom accounts, and revising the definitions of average daily membership in attendance and average daily membership in residence.. Description: Relative to student eligibility for education freedom accounts and the scholarship organization's costs of administering the program, extending phase-out grants for education freedom accounts, and revising the definitions of average daily membership in attendance and average daily membership in residence.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of school transportation vehicle.. Description: Relative to the definition of school transportation vehicle.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the inclusion of transportation expenses in default budgets.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the inclusion of transportation expenses in default budgets.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the Woodsville fire district.. Description: Relative to the Woodsville fire district.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the permit issuance timeline for state air permits and the department of environmental services duty to make annual reports.. Description: Relative to the permit issuance timeline for state air permits and the department of environmental services duty to make annual reports.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to an expedited track for certain applications to the site evaluation committee.. Description: Relative to an expedited track for certain applications to the site evaluation committee.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Making an appropriation to the statewide voter registration system.. Description: Making an appropriation to the statewide voter registration system.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the annual real estate transfer tax revenue contribution to the affordable housing fund.. Description: Increasing the annual real estate transfer tax revenue contribution to the affordable housing fund.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to Medicaid reimbursement rates for prosthetic and orthotic devices.. Description: Relative to Medicaid reimbursement rates for prosthetic and orthotic devices.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the state loan repayment program for qualified nursing professionals, and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Relative to the state loan repayment program for qualified nursing professionals, and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the dispensing of certain medications.. Description: Relative to the dispensing of certain medications.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the child protection act; establishing a right to submit evidence and testimony in family court proceedings; relative to wage garnishment with child support payments; and relative to parenting coordinators in high-conflict cases.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the child protection act; establishing a right to submit evidence and testimony in family court proceedings; relative to wage garnishment with child support payments; and relative to parenting coordinators in high-conflict cases.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the crime of and penalties for unlawful use of unmanned aircraft systems.. Description: Establishing the crime of and penalties for unlawful use of unmanned aircraft systems.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring health care providers to report certain information about abortions performed to their medical facility, and requiring those medical facilities to report the information to the department of health and human services.. Description: Requiring health care providers to report certain information about abortions performed to their medical facility, and requiring those medical facilities to report the information to the department of health and human services.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to raising the cap on damages for wrongful death loss of consortium claims.. Description: Relative to raising the cap on damages for wrongful death loss of consortium claims.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Expanding access to court-appointed counsel for children in dependency proceedings.. Description: Expanding access to court-appointed counsel for children in dependency proceedings.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: To prohibiting the nonconsensual dissemination of synthetic sexual images.. Description: To prohibiting the nonconsensual dissemination of synthetic sexual images.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to motorist duties when approaching highway emergencies involving a stopped or standing vehicle.. Description: Relative to motorist duties when approaching highway emergencies involving a stopped or standing vehicle.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Injury Prevention Center to issue motor vehicle decal plates.. Description: Authorizing the Injury Prevention Center to issue motor vehicle decal plates.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to designating a portion of route 111 in Hudson as the Senator Robert E. Clegg Jr. Memorial Highway.. Description: Relative to designating a portion of route 111 in Hudson as the Senator Robert E. Clegg Jr. Memorial Highway.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to allowing surveillance of a park and ride facility in certain circumstances.. Description: Relative to allowing surveillance of a park and ride facility in certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to allowing toll-free use for vehicles registered with municipal plates.. Description: Relative to allowing toll-free use for vehicles registered with municipal plates.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to adding a speed limit of 45 miles per hour on rural highways.. Description: Relative to adding a speed limit of 45 miles per hour on rural highways.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to historic horse racing licensing, establishing operations of games of chance for the benefit of the host community, and relative to charitable gaming dates for municipalities and charitable organizations.. Description: Relative to historic horse racing licensing, establishing operations of games of chance for the benefit of the host community, and relative to charitable gaming dates for municipalities and charitable organizations.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Governing unclaimed horse racing ticket and voucher money.. Description: Governing unclaimed horse racing ticket and voucher money.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to prohibiting metal detecting in certain areas.. Description: Relative to prohibiting metal detecting in certain areas.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Making a capital appropriation to the department of corrections toward thereplacement of the New Hampshire state prison for men and authorizing the state toreport mental health data for firearms background check purposes and providing forprocesses for confiscation of firearms following certain mental health-related courtproceedings and for relief from mental health-related firearms disabilities.. Description: Making a capital appropriation to the department of corrections toward thereplacement of the New Hampshire state prison for men and authorizing the state toreport mental health data for firearms background check purposes and providing forprocesses for confiscation of firearms following certain mental health-related courtproceedings and for relief from mental health-related firearms disabilities.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a commission to review and make recommendations regarding technology-based start-up business support from the state of New Hampshire.. Description: Relative to establishing a commission to review and make recommendations regarding technology-based start-up business support from the state of New Hampshire.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to child day care, residential care, and child-placing agency licensing.. Description: Relative to child day care, residential care, and child-placing agency licensing.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to recognizing the second Thursday in October as children's environmental health day.. Description: Relative to recognizing the second Thursday in October as children's environmental health day.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the regulation of real estate practice.. Description: Relative to the regulation of real estate practice.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to establishing Juneteenth, June 19, as an annual holiday.. Description: Relative to establishing Juneteenth, June 19, as an annual holiday.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to National Guard and Staff Judge Advocate access to criminal history records.. Description: Relative to National Guard and Staff Judge Advocate access to criminal history records.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring rules regarding criteria for military occupational specialties and relative to the penalty for false reports of suspected abuse and neglect made to the division for children, youth, and families.. Description: Requiring rules regarding criteria for military occupational specialties and relative to the penalty for false reports of suspected abuse and neglect made to the division for children, youth, and families.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Adopting the physician assistant licensure compact.. Description: Adopting the physician assistant licensure compact.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the division of personnel in the department of administrative services.. Description: Relative to the division of personnel in the department of administrative services.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the regulation of physician assistants.. Description: Relative to the regulation of physician assistants.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to election audits.. Description: Relative to election audits.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the verification of the checklist.. Description: Relative to the verification of the checklist.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to authorizing legislative bodies of municipalities to enter into voluntary agreements with owners of private roads.. Description: Relative to authorizing legislative bodies of municipalities to enter into voluntary agreements with owners of private roads.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to wastewater engineering.. Description: Relative to wastewater engineering.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certification of alcohol and other drug use treatment facilities.. Description: Relative to certification of alcohol and other drug use treatment facilities.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Directing the department of health and human services to establish a climate and health protection program.. Description: Directing the department of health and human services to establish a climate and health protection program.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing the disproportionate share hospital fund.. Description: Relative to establishing the disproportionate share hospital fund.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the department of health and human services, division for children, youth and families.. Description: Relative to the department of health and human services, division for children, youth and families.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and the Summer EBT program and making appropriations therefor and relative to providing disaster relief funding to municipalities after a natural disaster.. Description: Relative to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and the Summer EBT program and making appropriations therefor and relative to providing disaster relief funding to municipalities after a natural disaster.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the scanning of drivers' licenses by real estate brokers.. Description: Relative to the scanning of drivers' licenses by real estate brokers.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to requiring a criminal background check when applying for a fish and game guide license and relative to zoning and planning regulations for municipal parking.. Description: Relative to requiring a criminal background check when applying for a fish and game guide license and relative to zoning and planning regulations for municipal parking.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to land in current use and relative to magistrates, bail commissioners, the standards applicable to and the administration of bail, and making appropriations.. Description: Relative to land in current use and relative to magistrates, bail commissioners, the standards applicable to and the administration of bail, and making appropriations.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the prohibition on the sale of hemp products containing certain levels of THC.. Description: Relative to the prohibition on the sale of hemp products containing certain levels of THC.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to aligning statutes with the age of a delinquent established under the juvenile delinquency statute.. Description: Relative to aligning statutes with the age of a delinquent established under the juvenile delinquency statute.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the duties of the superintendent of the county department of corrections concerning mental health and substance use disorder screening of inmates and coordination for services upon reentry into the community and relative to enforcement of New Hampshire anti-discrimination laws as they relate to Jewish people.. Description: Relative to the duties of the superintendent of the county department of corrections concerning mental health and substance use disorder screening of inmates and coordination for services upon reentry into the community and relative to enforcement of New Hampshire anti-discrimination laws as they relate to Jewish people.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to sale of a vehicle to a Massachusetts resident.. Description: Relative to sale of a vehicle to a Massachusetts resident.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to permitting charity auctions by non-profit corporations.. Description: Relative to permitting charity auctions by non-profit corporations.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the timber tax.. Description: Relative to the timber tax.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to consumer guarantee contracts.. Description: Relative to consumer guarantee contracts.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the employment status of university students working in educational programs.. Description: Relative to the employment status of university students working in educational programs.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the educational credentials for master teacher.. Description: Relative to the educational credentials for master teacher.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to a public school facility condition assessment and school building aid grants for temperature control.. Description: Relative to a public school facility condition assessment and school building aid grants for temperature control.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to student housing.. Description: Relative to student housing.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to trustees of the university system.. Description: Relative to trustees of the university system.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to reports of receipts and expenditures filed by political committees of candidates and candidates.. Description: Relative to reports of receipts and expenditures filed by political committees of candidates and candidates.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to background checks of municipal health officers.. Description: Relative to background checks of municipal health officers.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring all municipalities and school governing bodies to post on their official townor school website within 30 days the amount of funds received by the state either byallocation or grant, allowing new vehicles purchased in the model year or before to beinspected in the second year after purchase, and allowing title exemption for certainmotor vehicles whose manufacturer's model year is 20 or more years old.. Description: Requiring all municipalities and school governing bodies to post on their official townor school website within 30 days the amount of funds received by the state either byallocation or grant, allowing new vehicles purchased in the model year or before to beinspected in the second year after purchase, and allowing title exemption for certainmotor vehicles whose manufacturer's model year is 20 or more years old.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to campaign finance.. Description: Relative to campaign finance.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to absentee ballot forms.. Description: Relative to absentee ballot forms.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Allowing the processing of absentee ballots.. Description: Allowing the processing of absentee ballots.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to zoning procedures concerning residential housing.. Description: Relative to zoning procedures concerning residential housing.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a procedure for the department of environmental services to transfer ownership of dams to municipalities or other interested parties.. Description: Establishing a procedure for the department of environmental services to transfer ownership of dams to municipalities or other interested parties.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the department of energy to investigate behind the meter and utility scale energy storage.. Description: Requiring the department of energy to investigate behind the meter and utility scale energy storage.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Creating a committee to study fish and game department funding and partnerships.. Description: Creating a committee to study fish and game department funding and partnerships.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Replacing the deer seal system with a confirmation number system.. Description: Replacing the deer seal system with a confirmation number system.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the scope and role of veterinary technicians.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the scope and role of veterinary technicians.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Removing the requirement that an executory interest be conveyed to the state of New Hampshire in all easements acquired through the use of LCHIP program funds.. Description: Removing the requirement that an executory interest be conveyed to the state of New Hampshire in all easements acquired through the use of LCHIP program funds.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to lucky 7 ticket dispenser devices.. Description: Relative to lucky 7 ticket dispenser devices.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to certain requirements relative to the LCHIP programs.. Description: Relative to certain requirements relative to the LCHIP programs.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to procedures for inspection and transfer of dams and establishing a committee to study alternatives for the funding, operation, maintenance, and repair of state-owned dams.. Description: Relative to procedures for inspection and transfer of dams and establishing a committee to study alternatives for the funding, operation, maintenance, and repair of state-owned dams.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the investment advisor for the public deposit investment pool to maintain funds in a particular manner.. Description: Requiring the investment advisor for the public deposit investment pool to maintain funds in a particular manner.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to Medicaid provider enrollment licensure verification.. Description: Relative to Medicaid provider enrollment licensure verification.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to receipt of pharmaceutical rebates by insurers and pharmacy benefits managers.. Description: Relative to receipt of pharmaceutical rebates by insurers and pharmacy benefits managers.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Prohibiting health carriers from establishing payment or reimbursement provisions based solely on a participating advanced practice registered nurse's licensure.. Description: Prohibiting health carriers from establishing payment or reimbursement provisions based solely on a participating advanced practice registered nurse's licensure.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prohibiting discriminatory actions related to participation in the federal 340B Drug Pricing Program.. Description: Relative to prohibiting discriminatory actions related to participation in the federal 340B Drug Pricing Program.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to insurance coverage for infertility treatments, protection from discrimination during IVF treatments, parental leave, and adoption.. Description: Relative to insurance coverage for infertility treatments, protection from discrimination during IVF treatments, parental leave, and adoption.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the New Hampshire vaccine association.. Description: Relative to the New Hampshire vaccine association.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a committee to study the impact of pharmacy benefit manager operations on cost, administration, and distribution of prescription drugs.. Description: Relative to establishing a committee to study the impact of pharmacy benefit manager operations on cost, administration, and distribution of prescription drugs.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prior authorizations for health care.. Description: Relative to prior authorizations for health care.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to crimes involving child sexual abuse images.. Description: Relative to crimes involving child sexual abuse images.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a committee to study foster care families and the foster care system.. Description: Relative to establishing a committee to study foster care families and the foster care system.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Directing the commissioner of the department of health and human services to compile a report on the availability of mifepristone and misoprostol.. Description: Directing the commissioner of the department of health and human services to compile a report on the availability of mifepristone and misoprostol.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a committee to study the sharing of confidential records among members of a multidisciplinary child protection team.. Description: Relative to establishing a committee to study the sharing of confidential records among members of a multidisciplinary child protection team.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study consent and confidentiality laws applicable to adolescent and young adult health care in New Hampshire.. Description: Establishing a committee to study consent and confidentiality laws applicable to adolescent and young adult health care in New Hampshire.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the appointment of a temporary agent for a minor child or incapacitated person.. Description: Relative to the appointment of a temporary agent for a minor child or incapacitated person.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to reporting the death of voters.. Description: Relative to reporting the death of voters.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to criminal pre-trial services and monitoring.. Description: Relative to criminal pre-trial services and monitoring.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring funeral procession lead vehicles to obey yield signs.. Description: Requiring funeral procession lead vehicles to obey yield signs.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the sale of toll credits to fund a newly established noise barrier construction fund for the design and construction of noise barrier projects.. Description: Authorizing the sale of toll credits to fund a newly established noise barrier construction fund for the design and construction of noise barrier projects.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to temporary drivers licenses and non-driver identification cards.. Description: Relative to temporary drivers licenses and non-driver identification cards.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to providing an alternate address to the department of motor vehicles.. Description: Relative to providing an alternate address to the department of motor vehicles.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to a property lien resulting from unpaid meals and rooms taxes.. Description: Relative to a property lien resulting from unpaid meals and rooms taxes.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to animals brought into this state.. Description: Relative to animals brought into this state.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to employer notice of veterans' benefits and services.. Description: Relative to employer notice of veterans' benefits and services.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to wastewater surcharges.. Description: Relative to wastewater surcharges.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Modifying definitions, claims procedures, and funding relating to the youth development center settlement fund and claims administration.. Description: Modifying definitions, claims procedures, and funding relating to the youth development center settlement fund and claims administration.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Renaming Route 127 from Central Street in Franklin to the town line of Sanbornton as Chief Bradley Haas Memorial Highway.. Description: Renaming Route 127 from Central Street in Franklin to the town line of Sanbornton as Chief Bradley Haas Memorial Highway.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the rates for pole attachments.. Description: Relative to the rates for pole attachments.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of disability or special needs under the child care scholarship program.. Description: Relative to the definition of disability or special needs under the child care scholarship program.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the board of pharmacy and certified public accountant examinations.. Description: Relative to the board of pharmacy and certified public accountant examinations.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to telephone number and area code conservation.. Description: Relative to telephone number and area code conservation.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Providing a death benefit for a New Hampshire hospital security officer killed in the line of duty and establishing a death benefit for state security officers killed in the line of duty.. Description: Providing a death benefit for a New Hampshire hospital security officer killed in the line of duty and establishing a death benefit for state security officers killed in the line of duty.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to ethical standards for members of the general court.. Description: Relative to ethical standards for members of the general court.
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: "Memorializing Hoy R. Menear". Description: "Memorializing Hoy R. Menear"
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Memorializing Sharon Nordgren of Hanover. Description: Memorializing Sharon Nordgren of Hanover
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Memorilizing Arthur S. Ellison of Concord. Description: Memorilizing Arthur S. Ellison of Concord
In 2024, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Honoring NCSL on its 50th Anniversary. Description: Honoring NCSL on its 50th Anniversary
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relating to slavery and involuntary servitude. Providing that slavery and involuntary servitude shall be prohibited in the state of New Hampshire.. Description: Relating to slavery and involuntary servitude. Providing that slavery and involuntary servitude shall be prohibited in the state of New Hampshire.
In 2024, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the New Hampshire presidential primary.  Providing that the New Hampshire presidential primary shall be the first presidential primary of a presidential election cycle.. Description: Relating to the New Hampshire presidential primary.  Providing that the New Hampshire presidential primary shall be the first presidential primary of a presidential election cycle.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the expenses of certain departments of the state for fiscal years ending June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025.. Description: Making appropriations for the expenses of certain departments of the state for fiscal years ending June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to state fees, funds, revenues, and expenditures.. Description: Relative to state fees, funds, revenues, and expenditures.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Naming a bridge in the town of Merrimack for the Honorable Richard "Dick" Hinch.. Description: Naming a bridge in the town of Merrimack for the Honorable Richard "Dick" Hinch.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Making appropriations for capital improvements.. Description: Making appropriations for capital improvements.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Allowing a county to exempt its chief administrative officer from compulsory participation in the retirement system.. Description: Allowing a county to exempt its chief administrative officer from compulsory participation in the retirement system.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the prohibition on the possession or sale of blackjacks, slung shots, and metallic knuckles.. Description: Repealing the prohibition on the possession or sale of blackjacks, slung shots, and metallic knuckles.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to fees of sheriffs and deputy sheriffs.. Description: Relative to fees of sheriffs and deputy sheriffs.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the operation of certain homeowners' associations.. Description: Relative to the operation of certain homeowners' associations.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study replacement of bail commissioners with court magistrates and relative to delinquent payment of accounts by on premises and off premises licensees and relative to electronic payments to employee debit cards.. Description: Establishing a committee to study replacement of bail commissioners with court magistrates and relative to delinquent payment of accounts by on premises and off premises licensees and relative to electronic payments to employee debit cards.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to postponing the closure of the Sununu Youth Services Center.. Description: Relative to postponing the closure of the Sununu Youth Services Center.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Naming a bridge in Hinsdale as the General John Stark Memorial Bridge.. Description: Naming a bridge in Hinsdale as the General John Stark Memorial Bridge.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to antique car inspections.. Description: Relative to antique car inspections.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to permits for the siting of new landfills.. Description: Relative to permits for the siting of new landfills.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study non-pharmacological treatment options for patients with chronic pain.. Description: Establishing a committee to study non-pharmacological treatment options for patients with chronic pain.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Adopting the uniform real property transfer on death act.. Description: Adopting the uniform real property transfer on death act.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Repealing a department of education report on chartered public school funding.. Description: Repealing a department of education report on chartered public school funding.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the tenure of public librarians.. Description: Relative to the tenure of public librarians.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to an employee's unused earned time.. Description: Relative to an employee's unused earned time.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the election of Strafford county commissioners.. Description: Relative to the election of Strafford county commissioners.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the New Hampshire law relative to standards for farm products and marketing and grading commodities.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the New Hampshire law relative to standards for farm products and marketing and grading commodities.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a study committee to examine all ancillary charges for propane gas sales.. Description: Establishing a study committee to examine all ancillary charges for propane gas sales.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to county commissioners' authority on county buildings.. Description: Relative to county commissioners' authority on county buildings.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to antenuptial agreements.. Description: Relative to antenuptial agreements.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to county responsibility for capital building projects.. Description: Relative to county responsibility for capital building projects.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to reproductive rights.. Description: Relative to reproductive rights.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to posthumous exonerations.. Description: Relative to posthumous exonerations.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 3rd as Old Man of the Mountain Day.. Description: Recognizing May 3rd as Old Man of the Mountain Day.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing an additional penalty for a violation of privacy.. Description: Establishing an additional penalty for a violation of privacy.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to employment restrictions for registered sex offenders.. Description: Relative to employment restrictions for registered sex offenders.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the confidentiality of reports made to the division of children, youth, and families and requiring guardians ad litem be appointed in certain instances.. Description: Relative to the confidentiality of reports made to the division of children, youth, and families and requiring guardians ad litem be appointed in certain instances.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the occupational therapy practice act.. Description: Relative to the occupational therapy practice act.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study electrical vehicle charging for residential renters.. Description: Establishing a committee to study electrical vehicle charging for residential renters.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the age at which a minor may receive mental health treatment without parental consent.. Description: Relative to the age at which a minor may receive mental health treatment without parental consent.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the termination of tenancy at the expiration of the tenancy or lease term.. Description: Relative to the termination of tenancy at the expiration of the tenancy or lease term.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to homestead food operation licensure and making provisions for the sale of meat from uninspected bison, elk, or red deer.. Description: Relative to homestead food operation licensure and making provisions for the sale of meat from uninspected bison, elk, or red deer.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to temporary alimony.. Description: Relative to temporary alimony.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the declaration of a state of emergency.. Description: Relative to the declaration of a state of emergency.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to menstrual hygiene products in schools.. Description: Relative to menstrual hygiene products in schools.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting no-knock warrants.. Description: Prohibiting no-knock warrants.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the department of health and human services collaborating and holding a roll call vote on final proposal of rules with the advisory council prior to departmental rulemaking.. Description: Relative to the department of health and human services collaborating and holding a roll call vote on final proposal of rules with the advisory council prior to departmental rulemaking.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to boating safety equipment rules and vessel numbering rules, and establishing a committee to study boat registrations fees.. Description: Relative to boating safety equipment rules and vessel numbering rules, and establishing a committee to study boat registrations fees.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the oversight of the commissioner of the department of agriculture, markets, and food.. Description: Relative to the oversight of the commissioner of the department of agriculture, markets, and food.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to hydrogen energy and establishing a hydrogen advisory committee.. Description: Relative to hydrogen energy and establishing a hydrogen advisory committee.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the certification of a collective bargaining unit.. Description: Relative to the certification of a collective bargaining unit.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the issue of unmarried cohabitants, domestic partnerships, and common law marriage.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the issue of unmarried cohabitants, domestic partnerships, and common law marriage.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to soil and plant additives.. Description: Relative to soil and plant additives.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to roadway pedestrian control signals.. Description: Relative to roadway pedestrian control signals.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the adoption of public health ordinances by municipalities.. Description: Relative to the adoption of public health ordinances by municipalities.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to misconduct by a law enforcement officer.. Description: Relative to misconduct by a law enforcement officer.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to supported decision making.. Description: Relative to supported decision making.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to authorized license plate decals.. Description: Relative to authorized license plate decals.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to nano brewery licensing.. Description: Relative to nano brewery licensing.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring the teaching of cursive handwriting and multiplication tables.. Description: Requiring the teaching of cursive handwriting and multiplication tables.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the filing of notice of intent to cut timber.. Description: Relative to the filing of notice of intent to cut timber.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to publication of annual county budgets.. Description: Relative to publication of annual county budgets.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the duration of physical therapy.. Description: Relative to the duration of physical therapy.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Renaming a portion of route 140 in Gilmanton in honor of Private First Class Nicholas Cournoyer.. Description: Renaming a portion of route 140 in Gilmanton in honor of Private First Class Nicholas Cournoyer.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to administration of the New Hampshire retirement system.. Description: Relative to administration of the New Hampshire retirement system.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of political advocacy organization.. Description: Relative to the definition of political advocacy organization.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the proration of property tax exemptions.. Description: Relative to the proration of property tax exemptions.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the new resident drivers' license transfer requirement.. Description: Modifying the new resident drivers' license transfer requirement.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to choice of counselor to evaluate a child in family court proceedings.. Description: Relative to choice of counselor to evaluate a child in family court proceedings.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to changing the penalties for driving without a license.. Description: Relative to changing the penalties for driving without a license.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Including the Space Force in various definitions of the armed forces.. Description: Including the Space Force in various definitions of the armed forces.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to school district unanticipated funds.. Description: Relative to school district unanticipated funds.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to fire insurance contracts.. Description: Relative to fire insurance contracts.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to a report by the department of energy on the effectiveness of the system benefits charge and relative to surface water setbacks for landfills and relative to water quality.. Description: Relative to a report by the department of energy on the effectiveness of the system benefits charge and relative to surface water setbacks for landfills and relative to water quality.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to limitations on the designation of a portion of the Merrimack river.. Description: Relative to limitations on the designation of a portion of the Merrimack river.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the adoption of rules by the department of health and human services regarding medication administration by licensed nursing assistants.. Description: Relative to the adoption of rules by the department of health and human services regarding medication administration by licensed nursing assistants.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the effects of fluoride on fetuses and children.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the effects of fluoride on fetuses and children.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to certain public utilities statutes.. Description: Relative to certain public utilities statutes.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the regulatory structure of charitable gaming.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the regulatory structure of charitable gaming.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the acquisition of agricultural land development rights and relative to advanced deposit account wagering and relative to the use of game cameras.. Description: Relative to the acquisition of agricultural land development rights and relative to advanced deposit account wagering and relative to the use of game cameras.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prescription refills.. Description: Relative to prescription refills.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the criminal and civil penalties from the fetal life protection act.. Description: Repealing the criminal and civil penalties from the fetal life protection act.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to repealing the commission on demographic trends.. Description: Relative to repealing the commission on demographic trends.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the removal of claws from cats.. Description: Prohibiting the removal of claws from cats.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to useful thermal energy under the renewable portfolio standards.. Description: Relative to useful thermal energy under the renewable portfolio standards.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the landlord tenant mediation program.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the landlord tenant mediation program.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the date of asset evaluation for purposes of determining eligibility for certain property tax exemptions.. Description: Relative to the date of asset evaluation for purposes of determining eligibility for certain property tax exemptions.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the role of quality control and the developmental disability service system.. Description: Relative to the role of quality control and the developmental disability service system.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to equal access to marriage.. Description: Relative to equal access to marriage.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the delivery of absentee ballots.. Description: Relative to the delivery of absentee ballots.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to protective well radii.. Description: Relative to protective well radii.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to revenue from commemorative bottles of liquor.. Description: Relative to revenue from commemorative bottles of liquor.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing regulatory standards for the pet insurance industry and allowing restaurant owners to keep their dog on the premises.. Description: Establishing regulatory standards for the pet insurance industry and allowing restaurant owners to keep their dog on the premises.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the accidental death benefit payable for a retirement system member.. Description: Relative to the accidental death benefit payable for a retirement system member.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the cost of compliance with disclosure of electric renewable portfolio standards.. Description: Relative to the cost of compliance with disclosure of electric renewable portfolio standards.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Exempting certain agricultural operations from certain municipal noise ordinances.. Description: Exempting certain agricultural operations from certain municipal noise ordinances.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study extended producer responsibility.. Description: Establishing a committee to study extended producer responsibility.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to telephone carrier of last resort obligations.. Description: Relative to telephone carrier of last resort obligations.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to animal chiropractors.. Description: Relative to animal chiropractors.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing residential tenants to terminate their lease in instances of domestic violence or following a disabling illness or accident.. Description: Authorizing residential tenants to terminate their lease in instances of domestic violence or following a disabling illness or accident.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to laboratory testing by licensed naturopaths. Description: Relative to laboratory testing by licensed naturopaths
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to notice and public access requirements for hybrid and virtual agency public comment hearings for rulemaking.. Description: Relative to notice and public access requirements for hybrid and virtual agency public comment hearings for rulemaking.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the furnishing of special number plates to the liquor commission, division of enforcement and licensing, and official cover plates for the house and senate clerks.. Description: Relative to the furnishing of special number plates to the liquor commission, division of enforcement and licensing, and official cover plates for the house and senate clerks.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to limiting the authority of New Hampshire delegates to policymaking conventions.. Description: Relative to limiting the authority of New Hampshire delegates to policymaking conventions.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to schools approved for a school tuition program by a school board.. Description: Relative to schools approved for a school tuition program by a school board.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to retirement system employer reports.. Description: Relative to retirement system employer reports.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to least cost integrated resource plans of utilities; municipal hosts for purposes of limited electrical energy producers; the cost of compliance with disclosure of electric renewable portfolio standards; repealing the energy efficiency and sustainable energy board; and procedures for energy facility siting by the site evaluation committee.. Description: Relative to least cost integrated resource plans of utilities; municipal hosts for purposes of limited electrical energy producers; the cost of compliance with disclosure of electric renewable portfolio standards; repealing the energy efficiency and sustainable energy board; and procedures for energy facility siting by the site evaluation committee.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to financial information regarding requests for bids and proposals and to raise the minimum value of county purchases of equipment or materials which are subject to competitive bidding.. Description: Relative to financial information regarding requests for bids and proposals and to raise the minimum value of county purchases of equipment or materials which are subject to competitive bidding.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Authorizing the department of revenue administration to incorporate the New Hampshire equalization manual into the administrative rules and relative to the development of forms or returns by the department.. Description: Authorizing the department of revenue administration to incorporate the New Hampshire equalization manual into the administrative rules and relative to the development of forms or returns by the department.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the removal of political advertising.. Description: Relative to the removal of political advertising.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Removing fentanyl and xylazine testing equipment from the definition of drug paraphernalia in the controlled drug act.. Description: Removing fentanyl and xylazine testing equipment from the definition of drug paraphernalia in the controlled drug act.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to local authority for granting driveway permits.. Description: Relative to local authority for granting driveway permits.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the state's dedicated funds review.. Description: Relative to the state's dedicated funds review.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to attorney's fees in actions under the right to know law.. Description: Relative to attorney's fees in actions under the right to know law.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to a quorum for meetings open to the public to include remote presence.. Description: Relative to a quorum for meetings open to the public to include remote presence.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Prohibiting provocations based on a victim's actual or perceived gender, gender identity, gender expression, or sexual orientation from being used as a defense in a criminal case.. Description: Prohibiting provocations based on a victim's actual or perceived gender, gender identity, gender expression, or sexual orientation from being used as a defense in a criminal case.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to minutes from nonpublic sessions under the right to know law.. Description: Relative to minutes from nonpublic sessions under the right to know law.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a committee on emerging medical technologies.. Description: Relative to establishing a committee on emerging medical technologies.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the controlled drug prescription health and safety program advisory council members.. Description: Relative to the controlled drug prescription health and safety program advisory council members.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the national guard recruitment incentive program and its funding and rulemaking.. Description: Relative to the national guard recruitment incentive program and its funding and rulemaking.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to notice of tax lien on real estate subject to a lien for old age assistance.. Description: Relative to notice of tax lien on real estate subject to a lien for old age assistance.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the format of election ballots.. Description: Relative to the format of election ballots.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to release of confidential records of a person appointed a guardian.. Description: Relative to release of confidential records of a person appointed a guardian.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to a special purpose school district for Bridgewater, Hebron, and Groton.. Description: Relative to a special purpose school district for Bridgewater, Hebron, and Groton.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the filing and adoption of proposed administrative rules and relative to overpayment of unemployment compensation and relative to policies relating to nursing mothers.. Description: Relative to the filing and adoption of proposed administrative rules and relative to overpayment of unemployment compensation and relative to policies relating to nursing mothers.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: An act legalizing cannabis for persons 21 years of age or older.. Description: An act legalizing cannabis for persons 21 years of age or older.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to transportation for students attending career and technical education centers.. Description: Relative to transportation for students attending career and technical education centers.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to a statewide facility condition assessment for school buildings.. Description: Relative to a statewide facility condition assessment for school buildings.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to eligibility of students in the education freedom account program.. Description: Relative to eligibility of students in the education freedom account program.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the current education, training, and requirements for personnel employed as emergency dispatchers and 911 telecommunicators for police, fire, and emergency medical organizations.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the current education, training, and requirements for personnel employed as emergency dispatchers and 911 telecommunicators for police, fire, and emergency medical organizations.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to screening and intervention in public schools and public charter schools for dyslexia and related disorders, and establishing an addition to adequate education grants for certain pupils screened for dyslexia and related disorders.. Description: Relative to screening and intervention in public schools and public charter schools for dyslexia and related disorders, and establishing an addition to adequate education grants for certain pupils screened for dyslexia and related disorders.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring notice be provided to tenants during residential eviction proceedings regarding legal counsel.. Description: Requiring notice be provided to tenants during residential eviction proceedings regarding legal counsel.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to building a new legislative parking garage and making an appropriation therefor, renaming the capital project overview committee, and establishing the joint legislative parking garage oversight commission.. Description: Relative to building a new legislative parking garage and making an appropriation therefor, renaming the capital project overview committee, and establishing the joint legislative parking garage oversight commission.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the approval of community electric aggregation plans by the department of energy.. Description: Relative to the approval of community electric aggregation plans by the department of energy.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the memorandum of understanding on data sharing between the department of health and human services and the department of environmental services.. Description: Relative to the memorandum of understanding on data sharing between the department of health and human services and the department of environmental services.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to constitutional convention procedures for delegates.. Description: Relative to constitutional convention procedures for delegates.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the prohibition of the possession of hypodermic needles by minors.. Description: Relative to the prohibition of the possession of hypodermic needles by minors.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certain assault offenses, bail eligibility for commission of certain assault offenses, and making a false report to a law enforcement officer.. Description: Relative to certain assault offenses, bail eligibility for commission of certain assault offenses, and making a false report to a law enforcement officer.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to regulations on alcohol.. Description: Relative to regulations on alcohol.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to foster children and vaccinations.. Description: Relative to foster children and vaccinations.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the organization of the office of professional licensure and certification and  adoption of the interstate social work licensure compact.. Description: Relative to the organization of the office of professional licensure and certification and  adoption of the interstate social work licensure compact.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Re-establishing a commission to study revenue alternatives to the road toll for the funding of improvements to the state's highways and bridges and their resulting improvements.. Description: Re-establishing a commission to study revenue alternatives to the road toll for the funding of improvements to the state's highways and bridges and their resulting improvements.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to providing menstrual hygiene products at no cost to individuals who biologically menstruate in state and county correctional facilities.. Description: Relative to providing menstrual hygiene products at no cost to individuals who biologically menstruate in state and county correctional facilities.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the regulation of pharmacists-in-charge and pharmacies.. Description: Relative to the regulation of pharmacists-in-charge and pharmacies.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Permitting qualifying patients and designated caregivers to cultivate cannabis for therapeutic use.. Description: Permitting qualifying patients and designated caregivers to cultivate cannabis for therapeutic use.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to relief aid calculation in determining grants for adequate education.. Description: Relative to relief aid calculation in determining grants for adequate education.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the uses of education trust fund.. Description: Relative to the uses of education trust fund.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the removal of derelict fishing gear.. Description: Relative to the removal of derelict fishing gear.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to participation in the education freedom accounts program by students with disabilities.. Description: Relative to participation in the education freedom accounts program by students with disabilities.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the department of education procedures for school building aid applications.. Description: Relative to the department of education procedures for school building aid applications.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the membership and reporting responsibilities of the examining board of medicine.. Description: Relative to the membership and reporting responsibilities of the examining board of medicine.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to state treasury pension and insurance fund management.. Description: Relative to state treasury pension and insurance fund management.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study elimination by political subdivision employers of a retirement system position.. Description: Establishing a committee to study elimination by political subdivision employers of a retirement system position.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to eligible students in the education freedom account program.. Description: Relative to eligible students in the education freedom account program.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to water bottle filling stations in schools.. Description: Relative to water bottle filling stations in schools.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to public playground accessibility.. Description: Relative to public playground accessibility.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to penalties for controlled drug violations.. Description: Relative to penalties for controlled drug violations.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: To prohibit municipal inspections of owner-occupied units of multi-unit housing.. Description: To prohibit municipal inspections of owner-occupied units of multi-unit housing.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to administrative hearings, automation of electronic notices to insurance licensees, and insurance producer activities.. Description: Relative to administrative hearings, automation of electronic notices to insurance licensees, and insurance producer activities.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prohibiting the use of the prone restraint for minors.. Description: Relative to prohibiting the use of the prone restraint for minors.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring the department of education to provide the house and senate standing committees responsible for education with copies of the laws and rules relative to education.. Description: Requiring the department of education to provide the house and senate standing committees responsible for education with copies of the laws and rules relative to education.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the confidentiality of records within the division of children, youth, and families.. Description: Relative to the confidentiality of records within the division of children, youth, and families.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to electric grid modernization.. Description: Relative to electric grid modernization.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prescribing opioids via telehealth medicine.. Description: Relative to prescribing opioids via telehealth medicine.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to ages for special education services.. Description: Relative to ages for special education services.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the adult parole board and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Relative to the adult parole board and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to background checks for surrogate parents.. Description: Relative to background checks for surrogate parents.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a chief information security officer for the department of information technology.. Description: Relative to establishing a chief information security officer for the department of information technology.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to escrow accounts maintained by licensed nondepository mortgage bankers, brokers, and servicers.. Description: Relative to escrow accounts maintained by licensed nondepository mortgage bankers, brokers, and servicers.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to money transmitters.. Description: Relative to money transmitters.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to withdrawal from a cooperative school district.. Description: Relative to withdrawal from a cooperative school district.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the licensure and regulation of music therapists and other occupations and professions.. Description: Relative to the licensure and regulation of music therapists and other occupations and professions.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to water assistance for natural disasters.. Description: Relative to water assistance for natural disasters.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the chartered public school joint legislative oversight committee, and relative to chartered public school use of unused district facilities.. Description: Relative to the chartered public school joint legislative oversight committee, and relative to chartered public school use of unused district facilities.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to chartered public school dissolution.. Description: Relative to chartered public school dissolution.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Appropriating state general fund surplus toward the retirement system unfunded accrued liability.. Description: Appropriating state general fund surplus toward the retirement system unfunded accrued liability.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to ratification of amendments to the state building code and state fire code, and the membership of the state advisory board of fire control.. Description: Relative to ratification of amendments to the state building code and state fire code, and the membership of the state advisory board of fire control.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to eligibility for free school meals.. Description: Relative to eligibility for free school meals.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to administration of a commercial property assessed clean energy (C-PACE) program in a clean energy efficiency and clean energy district.. Description: Relative to administration of a commercial property assessed clean energy (C-PACE) program in a clean energy efficiency and clean energy district.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the termination of child support.. Description: Relative to the termination of child support.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the department of administrative services.. Description: Relative to the department of administrative services.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the Uniform Commercial Code's article on controllable electronic records.. Description: Relative to the Uniform Commercial Code's article on controllable electronic records.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the criteria for applying for parole.. Description: Relative to the criteria for applying for parole.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the licensure of out-of-state applicants to boards or commissions organized under the office of professional licensure and certification.. Description: Relative to the licensure of out-of-state applicants to boards or commissions organized under the office of professional licensure and certification.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the oversight of the public deposit investment pool.. Description: Relative to the oversight of the public deposit investment pool.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the use of racial profiling in law enforcement activities and in sentencing.. Description: Prohibiting the use of racial profiling in law enforcement activities and in sentencing.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to reading specialists.. Description: Relative to reading specialists.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the regulation of games of chance.. Description: Relative to the regulation of games of chance.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Expanding the definition of providers who can certify patients of the therapeutic cannabis program and relative to release of a defendant pending trial and relative to product labeling and information guide requirements for cannabis products and the prohibition of the sale of hemp products containing certain levels of THC.. Description: Expanding the definition of providers who can certify patients of the therapeutic cannabis program and relative to release of a defendant pending trial and relative to product labeling and information guide requirements for cannabis products and the prohibition of the sale of hemp products containing certain levels of THC.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to eligibility criteria for the therapeutic cannabis program and establishing a commission to study state-controlled sales of cannabis and relative to the prohibition on the sale of hemp products containing certain levels of THC.. Description: Relative to eligibility criteria for the therapeutic cannabis program and establishing a commission to study state-controlled sales of cannabis and relative to the prohibition on the sale of hemp products containing certain levels of THC.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to regulation of the individual health insurance market under RSA 404-G.. Description: Relative to regulation of the individual health insurance market under RSA 404-G.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to federal immigration checkpoints.. Description: Relative to federal immigration checkpoints.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to residency status.. Description: Relative to residency status.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the legalization and regulation of cannabis and making appropriations therefor.. Description: Relative to the legalization and regulation of cannabis and making appropriations therefor.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to cost recovery for vocational rehabilitation programs.. Description: Relative to cost recovery for vocational rehabilitation programs.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to budget flexibility for services for the developmentally disabled.. Description: Relative to budget flexibility for services for the developmentally disabled.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the one-year certificate of teaching eligibility.. Description: Relative to the one-year certificate of teaching eligibility.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the office of professional licensure and certification.. Description: Relative to the office of professional licensure and certification.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the closing of the Sununu youth services center, making appropriations thereof, and establishing a commission to study community impacts of the secured youth development center.. Description: Relative to the closing of the Sununu youth services center, making appropriations thereof, and establishing a commission to study community impacts of the secured youth development center.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to African American burial grounds.. Description: Relative to African American burial grounds.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the leasing of seasonal camp lots by the fish and game department.. Description: Relative to the leasing of seasonal camp lots by the fish and game department.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to recovery of search and rescue expenses.. Description: Relative to recovery of search and rescue expenses.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of game cameras and relative to penalties for controlled drug violations.. Description: Relative to the use of game cameras and relative to penalties for controlled drug violations.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the use of tree stands and observation blinds.. Description: Relative to the use of tree stands and observation blinds.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a stakeholders' group to address utility poles and attachments in New Hampshire.. Description: Establishing a stakeholders' group to address utility poles and attachments in New Hampshire.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a gifts and donations account within the fish and game fund.. Description: Establishing a gifts and donations account within the fish and game fund.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the purchase of duck stamps and the suspension or revocation of a license issued by the fish and game commission.. Description: Relative to the purchase of duck stamps and the suspension or revocation of a license issued by the fish and game commission.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the operation of bingo games and the sale of lucky 7 tickets.. Description: Relative to the operation of bingo games and the sale of lucky 7 tickets.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to keno license applications and fees.. Description: Relative to keno license applications and fees.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the due date and delivery of monthly reports and fees to the liquor commission.. Description: Relative to the due date and delivery of monthly reports and fees to the liquor commission.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a study committee on meat processing.. Description: Establishing a study committee on meat processing.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to conferring degree-granting authority to the New England Aeronautical Institute.. Description: Relative to conferring degree-granting authority to the New England Aeronautical Institute.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Repealing a requirement for a report on chartered public school payments.. Description: Repealing a requirement for a report on chartered public school payments.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to financial disclosure forms filed by judges.. Description: Relative to financial disclosure forms filed by judges.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to a portrait in the likeness of Rogers Johnson at the state house.. Description: Relative to a portrait in the likeness of Rogers Johnson at the state house.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to repealing the statute relating to police matrons.. Description: Relative to repealing the statute relating to police matrons.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to membership of the New Hampshire council on developmental disabilities.. Description: Relative to membership of the New Hampshire council on developmental disabilities.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to technical changes to the laws administered by the insurance department.. Description: Relative to technical changes to the laws administered by the insurance department.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the opioid abatement trust fund.. Description: Relative to the opioid abatement trust fund.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the controlled drug prescription health and safety program.. Description: Relative to the controlled drug prescription health and safety program.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to RSV vaccine administration.. Description: Relative to RSV vaccine administration.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study hospitality and tourism education in New Hampshire.. Description: Establishing a commission to study hospitality and tourism education in New Hampshire.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Amending the procedure for issuing a summons instead of an arrest.. Description: Amending the procedure for issuing a summons instead of an arrest.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to criminal history checks for school transportation monitors.. Description: Relative to criminal history checks for school transportation monitors.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the town council-town manager form of local government.. Description: Relative to the town council-town manager form of local government.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to participation in net energy metering by small hydroelectric generators.. Description: Relative to participation in net energy metering by small hydroelectric generators.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to a needs assessment for juvenile minors who are residents of New Hampshire.. Description: Relative to a needs assessment for juvenile minors who are residents of New Hampshire.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to license requirements for certain alcohol and other drug use professionals.. Description: Relative to license requirements for certain alcohol and other drug use professionals.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to national guard educational benefits.. Description: Relative to national guard educational benefits.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to electronic payments to employee debit cards.. Description: Relative to electronic payments to employee debit cards.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study barriers to increased density of residential development in New Hampshire.. Description: Establishing a commission to study barriers to increased density of residential development in New Hampshire.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to creating a dedicated, non-lapsing fund, and a biennial report of such fund, for OPLC.. Description: Relative to creating a dedicated, non-lapsing fund, and a biennial report of such fund, for OPLC.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to pharmaceutical drug take-back programs.. Description: Relative to pharmaceutical drug take-back programs.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the regulation and operation of electric vehicle charging stations.. Description: Relative to the regulation and operation of electric vehicle charging stations.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of the state building code.. Description: Relative to the definition of the state building code.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to purchased power agreements for electric distribution utilities.. Description: Relative to purchased power agreements for electric distribution utilities.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to payments for restoration of certain jurisdictional resource losses.. Description: Relative to payments for restoration of certain jurisdictional resource losses.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to pari-mutuel pools and historic horse racing.. Description: Relative to pari-mutuel pools and historic horse racing.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to arrests without a warrant while in the care of a medical professional on the premises of a residential care or health care facility.. Description: Relative to arrests without a warrant while in the care of a medical professional on the premises of a residential care or health care facility.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the director of charitable trusts.. Description: Relative to the director of charitable trusts.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to water quality.. Description: Relative to water quality.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to surface water setbacks for landfills.. Description: Relative to surface water setbacks for landfills.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to landowner liability under RSA 147-B, the hazardous waste cleanup fund.. Description: Relative to landowner liability under RSA 147-B, the hazardous waste cleanup fund.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a study committee on resident-owned manufactured housing park disputes and oversight of resident-owned manufactured housing parks.. Description: Establishing a study committee on resident-owned manufactured housing park disputes and oversight of resident-owned manufactured housing parks.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to screening panels for medical injury claims.. Description: Relative to screening panels for medical injury claims.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to financial transactions involving the liquidation or rehabilitation of an insurer in which the Federal Home Loan Bank is a party.. Description: Relative to financial transactions involving the liquidation or rehabilitation of an insurer in which the Federal Home Loan Bank is a party.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to changes to certain weights and measures statutes.. Description: Relative to changes to certain weights and measures statutes.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to municipal host for purposes of limited electrical energy producers.. Description: Relative to municipal host for purposes of limited electrical energy producers.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to allowing certain nonprofits to participate as a customer-generator group hosts under net energy metering.. Description: Relative to allowing certain nonprofits to participate as a customer-generator group hosts under net energy metering.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the establishment of an election information portal and relative to the purchase of election equipment.. Description: Relative to the establishment of an election information portal and relative to the purchase of election equipment.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to workers' compensation for firefighter cancer disease and establishing a commission to study the implementation of optional annual cancer screenings.. Description: Relative to workers' compensation for firefighter cancer disease and establishing a commission to study the implementation of optional annual cancer screenings.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to provider credentialing procedures.. Description: Relative to provider credentialing procedures.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to reporting of medico-legal deaths.. Description: Relative to reporting of medico-legal deaths.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to changes in school placement for students.. Description: Relative to changes in school placement for students.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to subdivision regulations on the completion of improvements.. Description: Relative to subdivision regulations on the completion of improvements.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to ignition interlock device preset levels.. Description: Relative to ignition interlock device preset levels.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to prompt payments for managed care.. Description: Relative to prompt payments for managed care.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the signature authority of an advanced practice registered nurse or a certified midwife.. Description: Relative to the signature authority of an advanced practice registered nurse or a certified midwife.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to legislative study committees and commissions.. Description: Relative to legislative study committees and commissions.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to emergency behavioral health services and behavioral health crisis programs.. Description: Relative to emergency behavioral health services and behavioral health crisis programs.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to nurses for youth camps, organized recreation, and community-sponsored recreation.. Description: Relative to nurses for youth camps, organized recreation, and community-sponsored recreation.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the annual dues paid by towns and cities to town officers' associations.. Description: Relative to the annual dues paid by towns and cities to town officers' associations.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to accommodation for medical reasons in issuing marriage licenses.. Description: Relative to accommodation for medical reasons in issuing marriage licenses.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the authority of registers of probate.. Description: Relative to the authority of registers of probate.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to residential child care licensing of child care institutions and agencies.. Description: Relative to residential child care licensing of child care institutions and agencies.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to state energy performance contracting.. Description: Relative to state energy performance contracting.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to delinquent payment of accounts by on premises and off premises licensees.. Description: Relative to delinquent payment of accounts by on premises and off premises licensees.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the responsibilities of insurers in conducting reviews of the operations of administrators.. Description: Relative to the responsibilities of insurers in conducting reviews of the operations of administrators.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the Jones Act's effect on New Hampshire's heating and energy fuel market.. Description: Relative to the Jones Act's effect on New Hampshire's heating and energy fuel market.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Including the raid on Fort William and Mary in Portsmouth in the planning of the American revolution sestercentennial commission.. Description: Including the raid on Fort William and Mary in Portsmouth in the planning of the American revolution sestercentennial commission.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: To regulate online gambling and direct net proceeds to a community college education scholarship fund.. Description: To regulate online gambling and direct net proceeds to a community college education scholarship fund.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to information collected by the division of vital records administration as part of the live birth worksheet.. Description: Relative to information collected by the division of vital records administration as part of the live birth worksheet.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing an emerging professional certificate for child care programs.. Description: Establishing an emerging professional certificate for child care programs.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the general administration of regulatory boards and commissions.. Description: Relative to the general administration of regulatory boards and commissions.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to participation of the New Hampshire public defender program in the state employee health insurance plan.. Description: Relative to participation of the New Hampshire public defender program in the state employee health insurance plan.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to school safety and coordination with law enforcement.. Description: Relative to school safety and coordination with law enforcement.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the electric utility system benefits charge.. Description: Relative to the electric utility system benefits charge.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring children under the age of 2 years to be restrained in a motor vehicle.. Description: Requiring children under the age of 2 years to be restrained in a motor vehicle.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to criminal background checks for charitable games of chance license applicants.. Description: Relative to criminal background checks for charitable games of chance license applicants.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to charitable gaming license applications, wages, stakes, and bonds.. Description: Relative to charitable gaming license applications, wages, stakes, and bonds.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the adoption of ambient groundwater quality standards by the department of environmental services.. Description: Relative to the adoption of ambient groundwater quality standards by the department of environmental services.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to licensure requirements for telehealth services and relative to licensure of physicians and physicians assistants treating patients incarcerated with the department of corrections.. Description: Relative to licensure requirements for telehealth services and relative to licensure of physicians and physicians assistants treating patients incarcerated with the department of corrections.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to certain programs administered by the department of health and human services.. Description: Relative to certain programs administered by the department of health and human services.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to payment for legal services for persons involuntarily admitted for mental health services.. Description: Relative to payment for legal services for persons involuntarily admitted for mental health services.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the board of dental examiners.. Description: Relative to the board of dental examiners.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the payment of costs for indigent persons involved in mediation services.. Description: Relative to the payment of costs for indigent persons involved in mediation services.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to a court security officer training program.. Description: Relative to a court security officer training program.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting cities and towns from adopting sanctuary policies.. Description: Prohibiting cities and towns from adopting sanctuary policies.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to alternative dispute resolution in special education.. Description: Relative to alternative dispute resolution in special education.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the employment or volunteering of a revoked or suspended educator.. Description: Prohibiting the employment or volunteering of a revoked or suspended educator.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the price of Lucky 7 tickets.. Description: Relative to the price of Lucky 7 tickets.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the regulation of forms and rates for property and casualty insurance.. Description: Relative to the regulation of forms and rates for property and casualty insurance.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the agricultural advisory board.. Description: Relative to the agricultural advisory board.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to nurse agencies.. Description: Relative to nurse agencies.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the family mediator certification board.. Description: Relative to the family mediator certification board.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to mental health education.. Description: Relative to mental health education.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to New Hampshire workforce training programs.. Description: Relative to New Hampshire workforce training programs.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the adoption of school administrative unit budgets.. Description: Relative to the adoption of school administrative unit budgets.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to voter registration and verification of voter identity.. Description: Relative to voter registration and verification of voter identity.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to election audits.. Description: Relative to election audits.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to absentee ballot outer envelopes.. Description: Relative to absentee ballot outer envelopes.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study unlimited service area permits for landfills and out of state waste coming into New Hampshire.. Description: Establishing a committee to study unlimited service area permits for landfills and out of state waste coming into New Hampshire.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the use of OHRVs on designated trails.. Description: Relative to the use of OHRVs on designated trails.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to low-moderate income community solar projects.. Description: Relative to low-moderate income community solar projects.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to exemptions from rabies vaccinations for dogs, cats, and ferrets.. Description: Relative to exemptions from rabies vaccinations for dogs, cats, and ferrets.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to consideration of biodiversity in the land and community heritage investment program.. Description: Relative to consideration of biodiversity in the land and community heritage investment program.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to green hydrogen energy and infrastructure.. Description: Relative to green hydrogen energy and infrastructure.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to small group child day care centers.. Description: Relative to small group child day care centers.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of youth recreational programs.. Description: Relative to the definition of youth recreational programs.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Allowing court-appointed guardians to receive Temporary Assistance to Needy Families benefits.. Description: Allowing court-appointed guardians to receive Temporary Assistance to Needy Families benefits.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to veterans access to health care.. Description: Relative to veterans access to health care.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to eliminating the use of seclusion as a form of punishment or discipline on children in schools and treatment facilities.. Description: Relative to eliminating the use of seclusion as a form of punishment or discipline on children in schools and treatment facilities.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to product labeling and information guide requirements for cannabis products and the prohibition of the sale of hemp products containing certain levels of THC.. Description: Relative to product labeling and information guide requirements for cannabis products and the prohibition of the sale of hemp products containing certain levels of THC.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of "way" in driving or operating under the influence of drugs or liquor.. Description: Relative to the definition of "way" in driving or operating under the influence of drugs or liquor.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Exempting certain phone calls from the right to know law.. Description: Exempting certain phone calls from the right to know law.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to driver's licenses for certain visa holders.. Description: Relative to driver's licenses for certain visa holders.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to catalytic converters.. Description: Relative to catalytic converters.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of gross business profits in determining taxable business profits.. Description: Relative to the definition of gross business profits in determining taxable business profits.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to advanced deposit account wagering.. Description: Relative to advanced deposit account wagering.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to road toll registration surcharges for electric vehicles.. Description: Relative to road toll registration surcharges for electric vehicles.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the hours that Lucky 7 tickets may be sold.. Description: Relative to the hours that Lucky 7 tickets may be sold.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the purchase of steel products with the Buy America certification.. Description: Relative to the purchase of steel products with the Buy America certification.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the operation and regulation of certain business entities within the state.. Description: Relative to the operation and regulation of certain business entities within the state.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Directing the insurance department to conduct a cost study of providing coverage for certain reproductive health care.. Description: Directing the insurance department to conduct a cost study of providing coverage for certain reproductive health care.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to optometrists.. Description: Relative to optometrists.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to resale of event tickets.. Description: Relative to resale of event tickets.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the board of manufactured housing.. Description: Relative to the board of manufactured housing.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring trauma kits to be available in state-owned buildings.. Description: Requiring trauma kits to be available in state-owned buildings.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Prohibiting corporal punishment in child day care agencies.. Description: Prohibiting corporal punishment in child day care agencies.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to mental health critical incident intervention and management, and relative to mental health practice.. Description: Relative to mental health critical incident intervention and management, and relative to mental health practice.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to online access to state information on economic relief disbursements.. Description: Relative to online access to state information on economic relief disbursements.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to providing menstrual hygiene products at no cost to individuals who biologically menstruate in state and county correctional facilities.. Description: Relative to providing menstrual hygiene products at no cost to individuals who biologically menstruate in state and county correctional facilities.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to background investigations of solid waste and hazardous waste facility permit applicants.. Description: Relative to background investigations of solid waste and hazardous waste facility permit applicants.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to educational institution policies on social media.. Description: Relative to educational institution policies on social media.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to nursing certification requirements.. Description: Relative to nursing certification requirements.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Making changes to the requirements for civics education in schools.. Description: Making changes to the requirements for civics education in schools.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing an early educator professional development grant.. Description: Establishing an early educator professional development grant.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a study committee to examine day care access and affordability.. Description: Establishing a study committee to examine day care access and affordability.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of broadband infrastructure as a revenue-producing facility eligible for municipal revenue bonds.. Description: Relative to the definition of broadband infrastructure as a revenue-producing facility eligible for municipal revenue bonds.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing the commission to study the assessing of power generation.. Description: Establishing the commission to study the assessing of power generation.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the Hilton Park boat ramp.. Description: Relative to the Hilton Park boat ramp.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to administration of certain wetlands permits by the department of environmental services.. Description: Relative to administration of certain wetlands permits by the department of environmental services.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to services provided through a primary care behavioral health model.. Description: Relative to services provided through a primary care behavioral health model.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study nonprofit organizations contracting with the department of health and human services for children's services.. Description: Establishing a committee to study nonprofit organizations contracting with the department of health and human services for children's services.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to prescribing opioids via telehealth medicine.. Description: Relative to prescribing opioids via telehealth medicine.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of harm reduction services to treat alcohol and other substance misuse.. Description: Relative to the use of harm reduction services to treat alcohol and other substance misuse.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to conditions for genetic testing.. Description: Relative to conditions for genetic testing.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study implementing a state-based health insurance exchange.. Description: Establishing a committee to study implementing a state-based health insurance exchange.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to false public alarms.. Description: Relative to false public alarms.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the inspection of hotel guest records.. Description: Relative to the inspection of hotel guest records.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the release of a defendant pending trial.. Description: Relative to the release of a defendant pending trial.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to remote participation in government meetings.. Description: Relative to remote participation in government meetings.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the long-term impact of the New Hampshire adult parole system.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the long-term impact of the New Hampshire adult parole system.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to release of a defendant pending trial.. Description: Relative to release of a defendant pending trial.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to parental access to a minor child's medical records.. Description: Relative to parental access to a minor child's medical records.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a license for mushroom harvesters.. Description: Establishing a license for mushroom harvesters.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the expectation of privacy.. Description: Relative to the expectation of privacy.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the disposal of highway or turnpike funded real estate.. Description: Relative to the disposal of highway or turnpike funded real estate.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to deductions under the business profits tax for compensation of members and owners.. Description: Relative to deductions under the business profits tax for compensation of members and owners.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Extending the New Hampshire granite advantage health care program and reestablishing the commission to evaluate the effectiveness and future of the New Hampshire granite advantage health care program.. Description: Extending the New Hampshire granite advantage health care program and reestablishing the commission to evaluate the effectiveness and future of the New Hampshire granite advantage health care program.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to parentage.. Description: Relative to parentage.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the statewide education improvement and assessment program.. Description: Relative to the statewide education improvement and assessment program.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the commissioner of the department of environmental services to consider "cumulative impacts analysis" in rules and statutes.. Description: Requiring the commissioner of the department of environmental services to consider "cumulative impacts analysis" in rules and statutes.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Allowing for pre-hospital treatment and transportation for operational canines.. Description: Allowing for pre-hospital treatment and transportation for operational canines.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to tip pooling and sharing.. Description: Relative to tip pooling and sharing.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the seating of delegates to national party conventions.. Description: Relative to the seating of delegates to national party conventions.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a parents' bill of rights in education.. Description: Establishing a parents' bill of rights in education.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: House Resolution 1. Description: House Resolution 1
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: House Resolution 2. Description: House Resolution 2
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: House Resoluton 3. Description: House Resoluton 3
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: House Resolution 4. Description: House Resolution 4
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: House Resolution 5. Description: House Resolution 5
In 2022, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Rules of the 2021-2022 Session be adopted as the Rules of the 2023-2024 Session, with the changes which have been provided here today.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Rules of the 2021-2022 Session be adopted as the Rules of the 2023-2024 Session, with the changes which have been provided here today.
In 2022, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Secretary of State be requested to furnish the Senate with the official return of votes from the various Senatorial Districts.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Secretary of State be requested to furnish the Senate with the official return of votes from the various Senatorial Districts.
In 2022, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the return of votes from the several Senatorial Districts be referred to a Select Committee of three with instructions to examine and count the same and report to the Senate where any vacancies or contest exists and if so, in what Senatorial District.. Description: RESOLVED, that the return of votes from the several Senatorial Districts be referred to a Select Committee of three with instructions to examine and count the same and report to the Senate where any vacancies or contest exists and if so, in what Senatorial District.
In 2022, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the biennium salary of the members of the Senate be paid in one undivided sum as early as practical after adoption of this resolution, and be it further RESOLVED, that the mileage of members of the Senate be paid every two weeks during the session.. Description: RESOLVED, that the biennium salary of the members of the Senate be paid in one undivided sum as early as practical after adoption of this resolution, and be it further RESOLVED, that the mileage of members of the Senate be paid every two weeks during the session.
In 2022, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of electing the Secretary of State and the State Treasurer.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of electing the Secretary of State and the State Treasurer.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of canvassing votes for the Governor and Executive Council.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of canvassing votes for the Governor and Executive Council.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of hearing the report of the Joint Committee appointed to compare and count the votes for Governor and Executive Council, for the Inauguration of the Governor, the Honorable Christopher T. Sununu, and for the taking of the oath by the Executive Council.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of hearing the report of the Joint Committee appointed to compare and count the votes for Governor and Executive Council, for the Inauguration of the Governor, the Honorable Christopher T. Sununu, and for the taking of the oath by the Executive Council.
In 2023, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Senate is ready to meet with the House of Representatives in Joint Convention for the purpose of hearing the Budget Address by his Excellency, Governor Chris Sununu.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Senate is ready to meet with the House of Representatives in Joint Convention for the purpose of hearing the Budget Address by his Excellency, Governor Chris Sununu.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the retirement age for judges. Providing that the mandatory judicial retirement age shall be increased from 70 to 75.. Description: Relating to the retirement age for judges. Providing that the mandatory judicial retirement age shall be increased from 70 to 75.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the New Hampshire presidential primary. Providing that the New Hampshire presidential primary will be the first presidential primary of a presidential election cycle.. Description: Relating to the New Hampshire presidential primary. Providing that the New Hampshire presidential primary will be the first presidential primary of a presidential election cycle.
In 2023, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: The general court. Providing that the general court convene on the same day as the governor's inauguration.. Description: The general court. Providing that the general court convene on the same day as the governor's inauguration.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the expenses of certain departments of the state for fiscal years ending June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023.. Description: Making appropriations for the expenses of certain departments of the state for fiscal years ending June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to state fees, funds, revenues, and expenditures.. Description: Relative to state fees, funds, revenues, and expenditures.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to including under the meals and rooms tax facilitators of Internet transactions of motor vehicle rentals and facilitators of Internet transactions of room occupancies.. Description: Relative to including under the meals and rooms tax facilitators of Internet transactions of motor vehicle rentals and facilitators of Internet transactions of room occupancies.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Making appropriations for capital improvements.. Description: Making appropriations for capital improvements.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to renewable generation facility property subject to a voluntary payment in lieu of taxes agreement.. Description: Relative to renewable generation facility property subject to a voluntary payment in lieu of taxes agreement.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to warrant articles in official ballot town, school district, or village district meetings.. Description: Relative to warrant articles in official ballot town, school district, or village district meetings.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the authority of schools to display the national and state mottos.. Description: Relative to the authority of schools to display the national and state mottos.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Authorizing certification for the microblading of eyebrows.. Description: Authorizing certification for the microblading of eyebrows.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to school district emergency special meetings.. Description: Relative to school district emergency special meetings.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to ratification of amendments to the state building code and state fire code.. Description: Relative to ratification of amendments to the state building code and state fire code.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to public notice requirements for certain permits issued by the department of environmental services.. Description: Relative to public notice requirements for certain permits issued by the department of environmental services.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Renaming and adjusting the membership of the New Hampshire commission on deafness and hearing loss.. Description: Renaming and adjusting the membership of the New Hampshire commission on deafness and hearing loss.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring town and city clerks to provide daily notification to the secretary of state of any filings for elected office and relative to the broadband matching grant initiative.. Description: Requiring town and city clerks to provide daily notification to the secretary of state of any filings for elected office and relative to the broadband matching grant initiative.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to town health officers.. Description: Relative to town health officers.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting non-disparagement clauses in settlement agreements involving a governmental unit.. Description: Prohibiting non-disparagement clauses in settlement agreements involving a governmental unit.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to using Atlantic Standard Time in New Hampshire.. Description: Relative to using Atlantic Standard Time in New Hampshire.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the city of Claremont police commission.. Description: Relative to the city of Claremont police commission.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adding qualifying medical conditions to the therapeutic use of cannabis law.. Description: Adding qualifying medical conditions to the therapeutic use of cannabis law.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to licensure renewal dates for certain governing boards under the office of professional licensure and certification.. Description: Relative to licensure renewal dates for certain governing boards under the office of professional licensure and certification.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to milk pasteurization.. Description: Relative to milk pasteurization.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to seasonal platforms on public waters of the state.. Description: Relative to seasonal platforms on public waters of the state.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to driving to the left of an unbroken painted line.. Description: Relative to driving to the left of an unbroken painted line.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the close of a county's books of records.. Description: Relative to the close of a county's books of records.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to minutes and decisions in nonpublic sessions; an exemption for items falling within the attorney-client privilege or the attorney work product doctrine under the right-to-know law; and remote access to public meetings under the right-to-know law.. Description: Relative to minutes and decisions in nonpublic sessions; an exemption for items falling within the attorney-client privilege or the attorney work product doctrine under the right-to-know law; and remote access to public meetings under the right-to-know law.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the distribution of adequate education grants.. Description: Relative to the distribution of adequate education grants.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to wake surfing.. Description: Relative to wake surfing.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the use of force at New Hampshire national guard facilities.. Description: Relative to the use of force at New Hampshire national guard facilities.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to administration of psychotropic medications to children in foster care.. Description: Relative to administration of psychotropic medications to children in foster care.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Granting immunity from prosecution for prostitution for reporting a sexual assault.. Description: Granting immunity from prosecution for prostitution for reporting a sexual assault.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to post-arrest photo distribution by law enforcement officers.. Description: Relative to post-arrest photo distribution by law enforcement officers.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to notice of execution of tax lien to mortgagees.. Description: Relative to notice of execution of tax lien to mortgagees.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adding notification requirements to the weather modification statute.. Description: Adding notification requirements to the weather modification statute.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the installation or use  of electronic tracking software.. Description: Prohibiting the installation or use  of electronic tracking software.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to administration by the retirement system of certain health care premium deductions.. Description: Relative to administration by the retirement system of certain health care premium deductions.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to reporting of health care associated infections.. Description: Relative to reporting of health care associated infections.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Repealing certain inactive dedicated funds.. Description: Repealing certain inactive dedicated funds.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring parties responsible for pollution of a drinking water supply to be financially responsible for certain consequences of that pollution.. Description: Requiring parties responsible for pollution of a drinking water supply to be financially responsible for certain consequences of that pollution.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the rulemaking authority of the department of information technology.. Description: Relative to the rulemaking authority of the department of information technology.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the submission of evidence in divorce proceedings.. Description: Relative to the submission of evidence in divorce proceedings.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to private rights of action regarding pupil safety.. Description: Relative to private rights of action regarding pupil safety.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Allowing a county to exempt its chief administrative officer from compulsory participation in the retirement system.. Description: Allowing a county to exempt its chief administrative officer from compulsory participation in the retirement system.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to causes for divorce.. Description: Relative to causes for divorce.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to an electronic prescription drug program and establishing licensure and requirements for licensed social workers, licensed social work associates, and social work conditional licenses.. Description: Relative to an electronic prescription drug program and establishing licensure and requirements for licensed social workers, licensed social work associates, and social work conditional licenses.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring health care providers to furnish upon request a list of ingredients contained in an injectable medication that is recommended or administered.. Description: Requiring health care providers to furnish upon request a list of ingredients contained in an injectable medication that is recommended or administered.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Making a technical correction and a clarification in the law governing death benefits for emergency medical technicians and rescue squad members.. Description: Making a technical correction and a clarification in the law governing death benefits for emergency medical technicians and rescue squad members.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the apportionment of costs in cooperative school districts.. Description: Relative to the apportionment of costs in cooperative school districts.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to community revitalization tax relief incentives.. Description: Relative to community revitalization tax relief incentives.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the state health improvement plan and the state health assessment and state health improvement plan advisory council.. Description: Relative to the state health improvement plan and the state health assessment and state health improvement plan advisory council.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the calculation of child support.. Description: Relative to the calculation of child support.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to cannabis use during pregnancy.. Description: Relative to cannabis use during pregnancy.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the acquisition, sale, or demolition of municipal land or buildings.. Description: Relative to the acquisition, sale, or demolition of municipal land or buildings.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to food in cigar shops.. Description: Relative to food in cigar shops.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring the independent investment committee of the New Hampshire retirement system to report investment fees.. Description: Requiring the independent investment committee of the New Hampshire retirement system to report investment fees.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to reporting a collision between a cat and a motor vehicle.. Description: Relative to reporting a collision between a cat and a motor vehicle.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the siting of a landfill near a state park.. Description: Prohibiting the siting of a landfill near a state park.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the parole of prisoners and the procedures of the adult parole board.. Description: Relative to the parole of prisoners and the procedures of the adult parole board.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to enhanced penalties based on prior convictions for driving under the influence of drugs or liquor.. Description: Relative to enhanced penalties based on prior convictions for driving under the influence of drugs or liquor.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Increasing the penalty for buyers under the law regarding trafficking in persons.. Description: Increasing the penalty for buyers under the law regarding trafficking in persons.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to approval of coursework completed at other approved schools. Description: Relative to approval of coursework completed at other approved schools
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Exempting persons under the age of 14, who are selling soft drinks on family owned or leased property, from city, town, or village district licensing requirements.. Description: Exempting persons under the age of 14, who are selling soft drinks on family owned or leased property, from city, town, or village district licensing requirements.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certain legislative study commissions and committees.. Description: Relative to certain legislative study commissions and committees.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the emergency powers of the commissioner of health and human services and relative to the membership of the oversight committee on health and human services.. Description: Relative to the emergency powers of the commissioner of health and human services and relative to the membership of the oversight committee on health and human services.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to financial disclosures by legislators.. Description: Relative to financial disclosures by legislators.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to pistols permitted for the taking of deer.. Description: Relative to pistols permitted for the taking of deer.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to penalties for improper timber harvesting.. Description: Relative to penalties for improper timber harvesting.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the release of student assessment information and data.. Description: Relative to the release of student assessment information and data.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adding display of a firearm as an exception to reckless conduct.. Description: Adding display of a firearm as an exception to reckless conduct.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Adding trespass as an exception to the charge of criminal threatening.. Description: Adding trespass as an exception to the charge of criminal threatening.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of deadly force in defense of another.. Description: Relative to the use of deadly force in defense of another.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Including soil health and soil conservation in the state soil conservation plan.. Description: Including soil health and soil conservation in the state soil conservation plan.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the penalty for certain invasions of privacy.. Description: Increasing the penalty for certain invasions of privacy.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Repealing RSA 323 regarding lightning rod dealers and salesmen.. Description: Repealing RSA 323 regarding lightning rod dealers and salesmen.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Repealing RSA 320 relative to hawkers and peddlers and RSA 321 relative to itinerant vendors.. Description: Repealing RSA 320 relative to hawkers and peddlers and RSA 321 relative to itinerant vendors.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to medical freedom in immunizations and establishing a committee to examine the policy of medical intervention including immunizations.. Description: Relative to medical freedom in immunizations and establishing a committee to examine the policy of medical intervention including immunizations.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to official cover plates.. Description: Relative to official cover plates.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to political party access to a list of absentee ballot requests.. Description: Relative to political party access to a list of absentee ballot requests.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to tinted windows on motor vehicles, relative to civil liability for damage to highways, and relative to employer access to motor vehicle records.. Description: Relative to tinted windows on motor vehicles, relative to civil liability for damage to highways, and relative to employer access to motor vehicle records.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the repeal of laws on produce safety.. Description: Relative to the repeal of laws on produce safety.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to termination of tenancy at the expiration of the tenancy or lease term.. Description: Relative to termination of tenancy at the expiration of the tenancy or lease term.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to nonpublic sessions under the right to know law.. Description: Relative to nonpublic sessions under the right to know law.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the right of any infant born alive to medically appropriate and reasonable care and treatment.. Description: Relative to the right of any infant born alive to medically appropriate and reasonable care and treatment.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Addressing impacts to other water users from new sources of water for community water systems and relative to the PFAS fund and programs.. Description: Addressing impacts to other water users from new sources of water for community water systems and relative to the PFAS fund and programs.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Creating a statute of limitation on civil actions relative to damage caused by perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances.. Description: Creating a statute of limitation on civil actions relative to damage caused by perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to identification of cannabis strain for therapeutic cannabis.. Description: Relative to identification of cannabis strain for therapeutic cannabis.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the form of municipal budgets, relative to municipal estimates of expenditures and revenues, and relative to the requirement that certain governing bodies submit recommendations to the budget committee.. Description: Relative to the form of municipal budgets, relative to municipal estimates of expenditures and revenues, and relative to the requirement that certain governing bodies submit recommendations to the budget committee.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to animal shelter facilities.. Description: Relative to animal shelter facilities.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to pet vendors.. Description: Relative to pet vendors.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study requiring New Hampshire children to be placed in rear facing restraints in motor vehicles.. Description: Establishing a committee to study requiring New Hampshire children to be placed in rear facing restraints in motor vehicles.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adding members from Londonderry to the commission to investigate and analyze the environmental and public health impacts relating to releases of perfluorinated chemicals into the air, soil, and groundwater in Merrimack, Bedford, and Litchfield.. Description: Adding members from Londonderry to the commission to investigate and analyze the environmental and public health impacts relating to releases of perfluorinated chemicals into the air, soil, and groundwater in Merrimack, Bedford, and Litchfield.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Permitting wage and hour records to be approved and retained electronically.. Description: Permitting wage and hour records to be approved and retained electronically.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to number plates for motor vehicles.. Description: Relative to number plates for motor vehicles.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to apprenticeship programs in trade and industry.. Description: Relative to apprenticeship programs in trade and industry.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to campaign finance reform and increasing the threshold for reporting by political committees.. Description: Relative to campaign finance reform and increasing the threshold for reporting by political committees.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to post-conviction DNA testing.. Description: Relative to post-conviction DNA testing.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to standards for per and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) in drinking water and ambient groundwater.. Description: Relative to standards for per and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) in drinking water and ambient groundwater.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the labeling and sale of hemp products containing CBD.. Description: Relative to the labeling and sale of hemp products containing CBD.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the 50th anniversary of the passage of the 26th amendment, granting the right to vote to 18-21 year olds and celebrating youth voting and office holding.. Description: Relative to the 50th anniversary of the passage of the 26th amendment, granting the right to vote to 18-21 year olds and celebrating youth voting and office holding.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the use of unused district facilities by chartered public schools.. Description: Relative to the use of unused district facilities by chartered public schools.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the tax expenditure report and relative to delaying the enactment of the single sales factor under the business profits and business enterprise taxes.. Description: Relative to the tax expenditure report and relative to delaying the enactment of the single sales factor under the business profits and business enterprise taxes.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to a private school that is approved as a tuition program.. Description: Relative to a private school that is approved as a tuition program.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Proclaiming April 11, 2022 as Wentworth Cheswill Day.. Description: Proclaiming April 11, 2022 as Wentworth Cheswill Day.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the restoration of involuntarily merged lots.. Description: Relative to the restoration of involuntarily merged lots.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to verification of voter checklists.. Description: Relative to verification of voter checklists.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the response of law enforcement and the criminal justice system to homelessness in New Hampshire,. Description: Establishing a committee to study the response of law enforcement and the criminal justice system to homelessness in New Hampshire,
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to including electrical storage facilities in the definition of energy facility.. Description: Relative to including electrical storage facilities in the definition of energy facility.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the analysis of requests for absentee ballot information by the attorney general.. Description: Relative to the analysis of requests for absentee ballot information by the attorney general.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the absentee ballot application process.. Description: Relative to the absentee ballot application process.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the procedure for adoption of a minor child.. Description: Relative to the procedure for adoption of a minor child.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the crime of unsolicited disclosure of an intimate image.. Description: Establishing the crime of unsolicited disclosure of an intimate image.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adding a member to the aviation users advisory board.. Description: Adding a member to the aviation users advisory board.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to responsibilities of the insurance department.. Description: Relative to responsibilities of the insurance department.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the compensation appeals board.. Description: Relative to the compensation appeals board.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the creation and use of electronic records by government agencies.. Description: Relative to the creation and use of electronic records by government agencies.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to required pay.. Description: Relative to required pay.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the funding of tuition and transportation for career technical education.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the funding of tuition and transportation for career technical education.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to motorist service signs on limited access highways.. Description: Relative to motorist service signs on limited access highways.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to revenue estimates while operating under emergency orders caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Relative to revenue estimates while operating under emergency orders caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the state preemption of the regulation of firearms and ammunition.. Description: Relative to the state preemption of the regulation of firearms and ammunition.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the computation of renewable energy credits and clarifying certain renewable energy classes.. Description: Relative to the computation of renewable energy credits and clarifying certain renewable energy classes.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study rail trail best management practices.. Description: Establishing a committee to study rail trail best management practices.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to deadlines in consumer credit applications, licensing requirements for mortgage loan originators, examinations of family trust companies, delegation by credit union boards to committees, qualifications of the banking commissioner, and authorizing depository banks to elect benefit corporation status.. Description: Relative to deadlines in consumer credit applications, licensing requirements for mortgage loan originators, examinations of family trust companies, delegation by credit union boards to committees, qualifications of the banking commissioner, and authorizing depository banks to elect benefit corporation status.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the aggregation of electric customers and municipal host customer generators serving political subdivisions.. Description: Relative to the aggregation of electric customers and municipal host customer generators serving political subdivisions.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Proclaiming the daring jumping spider to be the state spider of New Hampshire.. Description: Proclaiming the daring jumping spider to be the state spider of New Hampshire.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring students in the university and community college systems of New Hampshire to pass the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services civics naturalization test.. Description: Requiring students in the university and community college systems of New Hampshire to pass the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services civics naturalization test.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring a civics competency assessment as a high school graduation requirement.. Description: Requiring a civics competency assessment as a high school graduation requirement.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring school districts to submit an annual report concerning gifted and talented students.. Description: Requiring school districts to submit an annual report concerning gifted and talented students.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the administration of certain state taxes by the department of revenue administration.. Description: Relative to the administration of certain state taxes by the department of revenue administration.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring town and city clerks to make electronic lists of persons who have applied for absentee ballots available to candidates upon request.. Description: Requiring town and city clerks to make electronic lists of persons who have applied for absentee ballots available to candidates upon request.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to sports book locations.. Description: Relative to sports book locations.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to a forfeiture of personal property.. Description: Relative to a forfeiture of personal property.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to deadlines for consideration of developments of regional impact by planning boards.. Description: Relative to deadlines for consideration of developments of regional impact by planning boards.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to penalties for dog theft and tampering with a dog's radio collar.. Description: Relative to penalties for dog theft and tampering with a dog's radio collar.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the taking of game by certain lever-action firearms and relative to the number of rounds permitted in a firearm used to take deer.. Description: Relative to the taking of game by certain lever-action firearms and relative to the number of rounds permitted in a firearm used to take deer.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to driving with a suspended license.. Description: Relative to driving with a suspended license.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certification requirements for school nurses.. Description: Relative to certification requirements for school nurses.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Permitting qualifying patients and designated caregivers to cultivate cannabis for therapeutic use.. Description: Permitting qualifying patients and designated caregivers to cultivate cannabis for therapeutic use.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the system benefits charge.. Description: Relative to the system benefits charge.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the local option for sports betting.. Description: Relative to the local option for sports betting.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the city of Manchester employees' contributory retirement system.. Description: Relative to the city of Manchester employees' contributory retirement system.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the rental of shared living facilities.. Description: Relative to the rental of shared living facilities.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to innovation schools.. Description: Relative to innovation schools.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the use of physical agent modalities by occupational therapists.. Description: Relative to the use of physical agent modalities by occupational therapists.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to state participation in low carbon fuel standards programs.. Description: Relative to state participation in low carbon fuel standards programs.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the official ballot referendum form of town meetings.. Description: Relative to the official ballot referendum form of town meetings.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Allowing the destruction of valueless contraband by the chief of police, the chief's designee, the county sheriff, or the sheriff's designee.. Description: Allowing the destruction of valueless contraband by the chief of police, the chief's designee, the county sheriff, or the sheriff's designee.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the authority of the state fire marshal to grant an exemption from fire code requirements to recovery houses.. Description: Relative to the authority of the state fire marshal to grant an exemption from fire code requirements to recovery houses.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Repealing the therapeutic use of cannabis advisory council.. Description: Repealing the therapeutic use of cannabis advisory council.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the election of Grafton county commissioners.. Description: Relative to the election of Grafton county commissioners.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to laboratory testing.. Description: Relative to laboratory testing.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the quarterly or semi-annual collection of taxes in certain municipalities.. Description: Relative to the quarterly or semi-annual collection of taxes in certain municipalities.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the sharing of location data.. Description: Prohibiting the sharing of location data.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to workers' compensation for heart and lung disease in firefighters.. Description: Relative to workers' compensation for heart and lung disease in firefighters.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to changing a pupil's school or assignment because of a manifest educational hardship.. Description: Relative to changing a pupil's school or assignment because of a manifest educational hardship.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to review and make recommendations on campaign finance laws.. Description: Establishing a commission to review and make recommendations on campaign finance laws.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to permitting fees under the shoreland protection act.. Description: Relative to permitting fees under the shoreland protection act.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the duty of school superintendents regarding criminal history records checks.. Description: Relative to the duty of school superintendents regarding criminal history records checks.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to filling certain vacancies among members of school boards and other school district offices.. Description: Relative to filling certain vacancies among members of school boards and other school district offices.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study the equalization rate used for the calculation of a property tax abatement by the New Hampshire board of tax and land appeals, the superior court, and all cities, towns, and counties.. Description: Establishing a commission to study the equalization rate used for the calculation of a property tax abatement by the New Hampshire board of tax and land appeals, the superior court, and all cities, towns, and counties.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a solid waste working group on solid waste management planning, relative to compost, and establishing a statewide solid waste disposal reduction goal.. Description: Establishing a solid waste working group on solid waste management planning, relative to compost, and establishing a statewide solid waste disposal reduction goal.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the powers of the governor during a declared state of emergency.. Description: Relative to the powers of the governor during a declared state of emergency.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to organ donation on a driver's license.. Description: Relative to organ donation on a driver's license.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study the implementation of enhanced automation of traffic lights.. Description: Establishing a commission to study the implementation of enhanced automation of traffic lights.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study ways to reduce texting while driving.. Description: Establishing a commission to study ways to reduce texting while driving.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing technical committees and a cybersecurity  advisory committee in the department of information technology. Description: Establishing technical committees and a cybersecurity  advisory committee in the department of information technology
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting corporal punishment of children in state agency programs.. Description: Prohibiting corporal punishment of children in state agency programs.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the offenses that prevent employment in a school.. Description: Relative to the offenses that prevent employment in a school.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to eyewitness identification procedures.. Description: Relative to eyewitness identification procedures.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the shortage of animal slaughter and meat processing facilities in New Hampshire and the implementation of the meat inspection program.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the shortage of animal slaughter and meat processing facilities in New Hampshire and the implementation of the meat inspection program.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the suspension of civil liberties during a state of emergency.. Description: Prohibiting the suspension of civil liberties during a state of emergency.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to penalties for a school's failure to file department of education reports.. Description: Relative to penalties for a school's failure to file department of education reports.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study and compare federal Occupational Safety and Health Act standards with the safety and health standards the New Hampshire department of labor uses for public sector employees.. Description: Establishing a committee to study and compare federal Occupational Safety and Health Act standards with the safety and health standards the New Hampshire department of labor uses for public sector employees.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to organizations authorized to issue decals for multi-use decal number plates and relative to gold star family decals for motor vehicles.. Description: Relative to organizations authorized to issue decals for multi-use decal number plates and relative to gold star family decals for motor vehicles.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the disclosure of information from vital records.. Description: Relative to the disclosure of information from vital records.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to motorcycle auxiliary lamping, and adding the New Hampshire Motorcyclists' Rights Organization to the traffic safety commission.. Description: Relative to motorcycle auxiliary lamping, and adding the New Hampshire Motorcyclists' Rights Organization to the traffic safety commission.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the commission to study school funding.. Description: Relative to the commission to study school funding.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to police disciplinary hearings and authorizing the department of justice to maintain an exculpatory evidence schedule.. Description: Relative to police disciplinary hearings and authorizing the department of justice to maintain an exculpatory evidence schedule.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting surveillance by the state on public ways or sidewalks.. Description: Prohibiting surveillance by the state on public ways or sidewalks.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to election officers at additional polling place and relative to legalizing, ratifying, and confirming all actions, votes, and proceedings of the annual meeting of the town of Middleton.. Description: Relative to election officers at additional polling place and relative to legalizing, ratifying, and confirming all actions, votes, and proceedings of the annual meeting of the town of Middleton.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to pharmacist provider status, nicotine cessation therapy, and pharmacy benefit manager requirements.. Description: Relative to pharmacist provider status, nicotine cessation therapy, and pharmacy benefit manager requirements.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to budget committee recommendations on warrant articles.. Description: Relative to budget committee recommendations on warrant articles.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to informed consent to search a motor vehicle and amending the statutory requirements for a search warrant; relative to prohibiting certain uses of laser pointing devices, and relative to various civil actions and criminal liability.. Description: Relative to informed consent to search a motor vehicle and amending the statutory requirements for a search warrant; relative to prohibiting certain uses of laser pointing devices, and relative to various civil actions and criminal liability.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to eligibility for the low and moderate income homeowners property tax relief.. Description: Relative to eligibility for the low and moderate income homeowners property tax relief.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to temporary relief and permanent restraining orders issued in a divorce proceeding.. Description: Relative to temporary relief and permanent restraining orders issued in a divorce proceeding.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to restraining orders issued in a parenting case.. Description: Relative to restraining orders issued in a parenting case.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to license plate covers.. Description: Relative to license plate covers.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of face recognition technology.. Description: Relative to the use of face recognition technology.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to reducing school food waste and addressing child hunger.. Description: Relative to reducing school food waste and addressing child hunger.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Codifying the council on housing stability.. Description: Codifying the council on housing stability.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to portraits and memorial objects in the state house, legislative office building, and Upham Walker house.. Description: Relative to portraits and memorial objects in the state house, legislative office building, and Upham Walker house.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the degree granting authority of Signum university and relative to the authority of the higher education commission.. Description: Relative to the degree granting authority of Signum university and relative to the authority of the higher education commission.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to rebates under the law governing unfair insurance practices.. Description: Relative to rebates under the law governing unfair insurance practices.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to technical changes in the laws administered by the insurance department.. Description: Relative to technical changes in the laws administered by the insurance department.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to e-delivery of insurance documents and commercial lines renewal notices.. Description: Relative to e-delivery of insurance documents and commercial lines renewal notices.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring a person who registers to vote without any identification to have his or her photo taken before his or her registration to vote is complete.. Description: Requiring a person who registers to vote without any identification to have his or her photo taken before his or her registration to vote is complete.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to cruelty to a wild animal, fish, or wild bird.. Description: Relative to cruelty to a wild animal, fish, or wild bird.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to candidate background checks for law enforcement officers.. Description: Relative to candidate background checks for law enforcement officers.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a division of investigation and compliance in the lottery commission.. Description: Establishing a division of investigation and compliance in the lottery commission.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to records of communications common carriers.. Description: Relative to records of communications common carriers.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to supported decision-making as an alternative to guardianship.. Description: Relative to supported decision-making as an alternative to guardianship.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the protection of religious liberty.. Description: Relative to the protection of religious liberty.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the use of certain out-of-state banks by the state treasurer and municipal and county treasurers or trustees.. Description: Relative to the use of certain out-of-state banks by the state treasurer and municipal and county treasurers or trustees.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to 911 immunity for reporting that a person has been the victim of a violent crime.. Description: Relative to 911 immunity for reporting that a person has been the victim of a violent crime.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prisoners' voting rights.. Description: Relative to prisoners' voting rights.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study charitable gaming.. Description: Establishing a committee to study charitable gaming.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the discussion of disclosure of the minutes from a nonpublic session under the right-to-know law.. Description: Relative to the discussion of disclosure of the minutes from a nonpublic session under the right-to-know law.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Permitting certain military personnel, emergency medical technicians, and paramedics to apply for licensure as a nursing assistant.. Description: Permitting certain military personnel, emergency medical technicians, and paramedics to apply for licensure as a nursing assistant.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to pharmacist administration of vaccines and allowing a licensed advanced pharmacy technician to administer vaccines.. Description: Relative to pharmacist administration of vaccines and allowing a licensed advanced pharmacy technician to administer vaccines.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to licensure of applicants for cosmetology, esthetics, and manicuring through apprenticeship programs.. Description: Relative to licensure of applicants for cosmetology, esthetics, and manicuring through apprenticeship programs.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the burden of proof in special education hearings and establishing a committee to study special education IEP and dispute resolution processes.. Description: Relative to the burden of proof in special education hearings and establishing a committee to study special education IEP and dispute resolution processes.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to prescriptions for the treatment of attention deficit disorder, attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity, or narcolepsy.. Description: Relative to prescriptions for the treatment of attention deficit disorder, attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity, or narcolepsy.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring a food delivery service to enter into an agreement with a food service establishment or food retail store before offering delivery service from that restaurant.. Description: Requiring a food delivery service to enter into an agreement with a food service establishment or food retail store before offering delivery service from that restaurant.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to funding for newborn screening.. Description: Relative to funding for newborn screening.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the therapeutic cannabis program.. Description: Relative to the therapeutic cannabis program.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Exempting services provided without renumeration from license requirements for barbering, cosmetology, and esthetics.. Description: Exempting services provided without renumeration from license requirements for barbering, cosmetology, and esthetics.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Requiring certain licensing and reporting functions be conducted through the Nationwide Multistate Licensing System and Registry, relative to background investigations of trust officers, to certain filing fees, assessments, and interest rates, and to the transmission of consumer complaints by the banking department, requiring employers to provide certain workplace accommodations for employees, establishing the New Hampshire housing and conservation planning program, and relative to the collaborative care model service delivery method.. Description: Requiring certain licensing and reporting functions be conducted through the Nationwide Multistate Licensing System and Registry, relative to background investigations of trust officers, to certain filing fees, assessments, and interest rates, and to the transmission of consumer complaints by the banking department, requiring employers to provide certain workplace accommodations for employees, establishing the New Hampshire housing and conservation planning program, and relative to the collaborative care model service delivery method.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Reducing the penalty for certain first offense drug possession charges.. Description: Reducing the penalty for certain first offense drug possession charges.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the protection of fetal life.. Description: Relative to the protection of fetal life.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to historic horse racing.. Description: Relative to historic horse racing.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Authorizing certain procedures for rulemaking.. Description: Authorizing certain procedures for rulemaking.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to regulation of interpreters for the deaf, deaf blind, and hard of hearing.. Description: Relative to regulation of interpreters for the deaf, deaf blind, and hard of hearing.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Clarifying the tax treatment of federal Paycheck Protection Program loans.. Description: Clarifying the tax treatment of federal Paycheck Protection Program loans.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the direct shipping of liquor.. Description: Relative to the direct shipping of liquor.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to ratification of amendments to the state building code and state fire code.. Description: Relative to ratification of amendments to the state building code and state fire code.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Amending the alimony statute due to changes in federal tax law.. Description: Amending the alimony statute due to changes in federal tax law.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to brew pubs allowing customers to bring dogs to outdoor areas and enabling nano breweries and brew pubs to enter into contracts with contract brewers.. Description: Relative to brew pubs allowing customers to bring dogs to outdoor areas and enabling nano breweries and brew pubs to enter into contracts with contract brewers.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Permitting tastings by liquor manufacturers at farmers markets.. Description: Permitting tastings by liquor manufacturers at farmers markets.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the degree granting authority of Signum university.. Description: Relative to the degree granting authority of Signum university.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to one year certificates of eligibility to teach.. Description: Relative to one year certificates of eligibility to teach.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the Pease development authority board of directors.. Description: Relative to the Pease development authority board of directors.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the sale of Lucky 7 tickets.. Description: Relative to the sale of Lucky 7 tickets.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Changing the requirement that a member of the sponsoring charitable organization be present during certain games of chance.. Description: Changing the requirement that a member of the sponsoring charitable organization be present during certain games of chance.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the Brewster Academy charter.. Description: Relative to the Brewster Academy charter.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to charity gaming licenses.. Description: Relative to charity gaming licenses.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to roads within the Woodsville Fire District.. Description: Relative to roads within the Woodsville Fire District.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the sale of lucky 7 tickets.. Description: Relative to the sale of lucky 7 tickets.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Naming a courtroom in the second circuit courthouse in Plymouth in honor of Judge Edwin W. Kelly and naming a roundabout in New London in honor of Jessie Levine.. Description: Naming a courtroom in the second circuit courthouse in Plymouth in honor of Judge Edwin W. Kelly and naming a roundabout in New London in honor of Jessie Levine.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Permitting the towns of Tilton and Northfield to redraw their boundary lines.. Description: Permitting the towns of Tilton and Northfield to redraw their boundary lines.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to voter checklists and modifying the absentee ballot affidavit.. Description: Relative to voter checklists and modifying the absentee ballot affidavit.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the fallen state troopers' memorial.. Description: Relative to the fallen state troopers' memorial.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to Native American name restoration.. Description: Relative to Native American name restoration.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of a controlled drug analog and prohibiting the sale or possession of synthetic urine and urine additives.. Description: Relative to the definition of a controlled drug analog and prohibiting the sale or possession of synthetic urine and urine additives.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to membership in risk pools.. Description: Relative to membership in risk pools.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to residency under auto insurance policies.. Description: Relative to residency under auto insurance policies.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to informed consent to search a motor vehicle and amending thestatutory requirements for a search warrant.. Description: Relative to informed consent to search a motor vehicle and amending thestatutory requirements for a search warrant.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to police disciplinary hearings.. Description: Relative to police disciplinary hearings.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Restricting public officers from engaging in certain private dealings.. Description: Restricting public officers from engaging in certain private dealings.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Authorizing an audit of the Rockingham County district 7 state representative race.. Description: Authorizing an audit of the Rockingham County district 7 state representative race.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the New Hampshire workforce pathway program.. Description: Establishing the New Hampshire workforce pathway program.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the controlled drug prescription health and safety program.. Description: Relative to the controlled drug prescription health and safety program.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the use of electronic poll books by cities and towns.. Description: Relative to the use of electronic poll books by cities and towns.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the formula used to determine current use tax rates.. Description: Relative to the formula used to determine current use tax rates.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the New Hampshire trust code.. Description: Relative to the New Hampshire trust code.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the sale of lobster meat.. Description: Relative to the sale of lobster meat.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to municipal charter provisions for tax caps.. Description: Relative to municipal charter provisions for tax caps.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the absentee ballot application form.. Description: Relative to the absentee ballot application form.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to allowing pharmacy technicians and interns to remotely perform non-dispensing tasks.. Description: Relative to allowing pharmacy technicians and interns to remotely perform non-dispensing tasks.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the administration of occupational regulation by the office of professional licensure and certification.. Description: Relative to the administration of occupational regulation by the office of professional licensure and certification.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the collaborative care model service delivery method.. Description: Relative to the collaborative care model service delivery method.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the transport of an open container of marijuana in a motor vehicle or OHRV.. Description: Prohibiting the transport of an open container of marijuana in a motor vehicle or OHRV.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting collective bargaining agreements that require employees to join a labor union.. Description: Prohibiting collective bargaining agreements that require employees to join a labor union.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Allowing on-premises licensees to transport beverages and wines for delivery to consumers.. Description: Allowing on-premises licensees to transport beverages and wines for delivery to consumers.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring an employer to provide reasonable accommodations for pregnant employees.. Description: Requiring an employer to provide reasonable accommodations for pregnant employees.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring employers to provide access to a sufficient space for nursing mothers and reasonable break time.. Description: Requiring employers to provide access to a sufficient space for nursing mothers and reasonable break time.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation on renewable energy and utilities.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation on renewable energy and utilities.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to advance directives for health care decisions.. Description: Relative to advance directives for health care decisions.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to fees for the services of sheriffs and deputy sheriffs.. Description: Relative to fees for the services of sheriffs and deputy sheriffs.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to continually appropriating the renewable energy fund to the public utilities commission, and relative to clarifying certain electric renewable energy classification. Description: Relative to continually appropriating the renewable energy fund to the public utilities commission, and relative to clarifying certain electric renewable energy classification
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to funding kindergarten adequate education grants and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Relative to funding kindergarten adequate education grants and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to elections.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to elections.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to village district public bodies.. Description: Relative to village district public bodies.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a broadband matching grant initiative and fund.. Description: Establishing a broadband matching grant initiative and fund.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to planning and zoning.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to planning and zoning.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to municipal finance.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to municipal finance.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to broadband.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to broadband.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to election procedures.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to election procedures.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to increasing the penalty for criminal mischief, the release of a defendant pending trial, and requiring law enforcement candidate background checks.. Description: Relative to increasing the penalty for criminal mischief, the release of a defendant pending trial, and requiring law enforcement candidate background checks.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to permanency planning under the child protection act.. Description: Relative to permanency planning under the child protection act.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to juvenile diversion programs.. Description: Relative to juvenile diversion programs.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to review authorizing governing bodies of municipalities to hold virtual meetings and to study remote access to meetings under RSA 91-A.. Description: Establishing a committee to review authorizing governing bodies of municipalities to hold virtual meetings and to study remote access to meetings under RSA 91-A.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a body-worn and in-car camera fund and making an appropriation therefor; amending juvenile delinquency proceedings and transfers to superior court; and establishing committees to study the role and scope of authority of school resource officers and the collection of race and ethnicity data on state identification cards.. Description: Relative to establishing a body-worn and in-car camera fund and making an appropriation therefor; amending juvenile delinquency proceedings and transfers to superior court; and establishing committees to study the role and scope of authority of school resource officers and the collection of race and ethnicity data on state identification cards.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to in-network retail pharmacies.. Description: Relative to in-network retail pharmacies.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the SNAP incentive program.. Description: Relative to the SNAP incentive program.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing legislative committees to study charitable gaming and to study building a pier over the jetty at Hampton Beach state park for disability access. Description: Establishing legislative committees to study charitable gaming and to study building a pier over the jetty at Hampton Beach state park for disability access
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Increasing the minimum gross business income required for filing a business profits tax return.. Description: Increasing the minimum gross business income required for filing a business profits tax return.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation on property taxation.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation on property taxation.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to nexus provisions for certain disaster-related or emergency-related work performed in the state.. Description: Relative to nexus provisions for certain disaster-related or emergency-related work performed in the state.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to the classification of state employee positions, reverse auctions, and the organization of the department of administrative services.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to the classification of state employee positions, reverse auctions, and the organization of the department of administrative services.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing April 8, 2024 as solar eclipse day.. Description: Establishing April 8, 2024 as solar eclipse day.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to codes.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to codes.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to beverage manufacturer licenses.. Description: Relative to beverage manufacturer licenses.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to financial assistance for businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Relative to financial assistance for businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to animals in motor vehicles.. Description: Relative to animals in motor vehicles.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to historical racing.. Description: Relative to historical racing.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the alternative compliance payments for renewable energy obligations not met through the purchase of renewable energy credits.. Description: Relative to the alternative compliance payments for renewable energy obligations not met through the purchase of renewable energy credits.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to protecting the safe use and enjoyment of publicly-accessible recreation areas.. Description: Relative to protecting the safe use and enjoyment of publicly-accessible recreation areas.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the project to complete construction of an exit on I-93 in Derry and Londonderry.. Description: Relative to the project to complete construction of an exit on I-93 in Derry and Londonderry.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to physician assistant medical services through the Manchester Veterans Administration Medical Center.. Description: Relative to physician assistant medical services through the Manchester Veterans Administration Medical Center.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to exemptions from prosecution for victims of human trafficking, guardianship by grandparents, and making changes to the membership of the council on autism spectrum disorders.. Description: Relative to exemptions from prosecution for victims of human trafficking, guardianship by grandparents, and making changes to the membership of the council on autism spectrum disorders.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to employer payment of required COVID-19 testing.. Description: Relative to employer payment of required COVID-19 testing.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to insurance.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to insurance.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation on landlord tenant proceedings.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation on landlord tenant proceedings.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to minimizing environmental impacts on the habitats of endangered or threatened species.. Description: Relative to minimizing environmental impacts on the habitats of endangered or threatened species.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to vehicles, municipal water maintenance certificates, nondriver's picture identification, and firefighter ane emergency medical services decals.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to vehicles, municipal water maintenance certificates, nondriver's picture identification, and firefighter ane emergency medical services decals.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to occupational licensure.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to occupational licensure.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to civil actions and criminal liability.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to civil actions and criminal liability.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the calculation of the cost of an opportunity for an adequate education. Description: Relative to the calculation of the cost of an opportunity for an adequate education
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the minimum hourly rate for tipped employees.. Description: Relative to the minimum hourly rate for tipped employees.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of an "investment metal contract".. Description: Relative to the definition of an "investment metal contract".
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to bingo dates.. Description: Relative to bingo dates.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Reestablishing the commission to study the incidence of post-traumatic stress disorder in first responders and reestablishing the commission to study grandfamilies in New Hampshire.. Description: Reestablishing the commission to study the incidence of post-traumatic stress disorder in first responders and reestablishing the commission to study grandfamilies in New Hampshire.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to certain agency requests.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to certain agency requests.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to the environment.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to the environment.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to student aid, the central registry, transportation of students, and special education costs.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to student aid, the central registry, transportation of students, and special education costs.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to vocational and career education, environmental education, and emergency plans for sports injuries.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation relative to vocational and career education, environmental education, and emergency plans for sports injuries.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation on health and human services.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation on health and human services.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to affordable housing program funding.. Description: Relative to affordable housing program funding.
In 2021, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the state from enforcing any federal statute, regulation, or Presidential Executive Order that restricts or regulates the right of the people to keep and bear arms.. Description: Prohibiting the state from enforcing any federal statute, regulation, or Presidential Executive Order that restricts or regulates the right of the people to keep and bear arms.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Codifying provisions included in select emergency orders issued by the governor in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Codifying provisions included in select emergency orders issued by the governor in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the department of health and human services, the New Hampshire granite advantage health care trust fund, and health facility licensure.. Description: Relative to the department of health and human services, the New Hampshire granite advantage health care trust fund, and health facility licensure.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Recording House sessions and the permanent journal.. Description: Recording House sessions and the permanent journal.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Distribution of House publications.. Description: Distribution of House publications.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: The Speaker employing personnel per RSA 17-E:5.. Description: The Speaker employing personnel per RSA 17-E:5.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Legislative salary and mileage payments.. Description: Legislative salary and mileage payments.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Memorializing Richard W. Hinch.. Description: Memorializing Richard W. Hinch.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: A resolution condemning violence in Washington D.C.. Description: A resolution condemning violence in Washington D.C.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Honoring the New Hampshire National Guard.. Description: Honoring the New Hampshire National Guard.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Memorializing David Danielson.. Description: Memorializing David Danielson.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Memorializing Douglas Ley.. Description: Memorializing Douglas Ley.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Rules of the 2019-2020 Session be adopted as the Rules of the 2021-2022 Session, with the changes which have been provided here today.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Rules of the 2019-2020 Session be adopted as the Rules of the 2021-2022 Session, with the changes which have been provided here today.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Secretary of State be requested to furnish the Senate with the official return of votes from the various Senatorial Districts.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Secretary of State be requested to furnish the Senate with the official return of votes from the various Senatorial Districts.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the return of votes from the several Senatorial Districts be referred to a Select Committee of three with instructions to examine and count the same and report to the Senate where any vacancies or contest exists and if so, in what Senatorial District.. Description: RESOLVED, that the return of votes from the several Senatorial Districts be referred to a Select Committee of three with instructions to examine and count the same and report to the Senate where any vacancies or contest exists and if so, in what Senatorial District.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the biennium salary of the members of the Senate be paid in one undivided sum as early as practical after adoption of this resolution, and be it further RESOLVED, that the mileage of members of the Senate be paid every two weeks during the session.. Description: RESOLVED, that the biennium salary of the members of the Senate be paid in one undivided sum as early as practical after adoption of this resolution, and be it further RESOLVED, that the mileage of members of the Senate be paid every two weeks during the session.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of electing the Secretary of State and the State Treasurer.. Description: RESOLVED, that the Senate meet in Joint Convention with the House of Representatives for the purpose of electing the Secretary of State and the State Treasurer.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, in accordance with Article 42, Part 2, of the New Hampshire Constitution that the Honorable William M. Gardner, Secretary of State be requested to lay before the Senate the return votes for Governor and Executive Council.. Description: RESOLVED, in accordance with Article 42, Part 2, of the New Hampshire Constitution that the Honorable William M. Gardner, Secretary of State be requested to lay before the Senate the return votes for Governor and Executive Council.
In 2021, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: RESOLVED, that the vote for Governor and Executive Council be referred to a Select Committee consisting of two with instruction to examine and count the same and report to the Senate.. Description: RESOLVED, that the vote for Governor and Executive Council be referred to a Select Committee consisting of two with instruction to examine and count the same and report to the Senate.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to municipal ordinances regulating single-use bags.. Description: Relative to municipal ordinances regulating single-use bags.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the regulation of massage, reflexology, structural integrator and Asian bodywork therapy establishments.. Description: Relative to the regulation of massage, reflexology, structural integrator and Asian bodywork therapy establishments.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to property tax relief for totally and permanently disabled veterans.. Description: Relative to property tax relief for totally and permanently disabled veterans.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to disqualification of members of local land use boards.. Description: Relative to disqualification of members of local land use boards.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to statements of financial interests filed by state officials.. Description: Relative to statements of financial interests filed by state officials.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to circumstances under which police officer disciplinary records shall be public documents.. Description: Relative to circumstances under which police officer disciplinary records shall be public documents.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to procedures for determining and disclosing exculpatory evidence in a police officer's personnel file.. Description: Relative to procedures for determining and disclosing exculpatory evidence in a police officer's personnel file.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a state minimum wage and providing for adjustments to the minimum wage.. Description: Establishing a state minimum wage and providing for adjustments to the minimum wage.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Increasing penalties for buyers under the law regarding trafficking in persons.. Description: Increasing penalties for buyers under the law regarding trafficking in persons.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the group and individual health insurance market.. Description: Relative to the group and individual health insurance market.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study criminal records check policies for nonpublic schools and private entities that receive public funds.. Description: Establishing a committee to study criminal records check policies for nonpublic schools and private entities that receive public funds.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to criminal records checks in the employee application process.. Description: Relative to criminal records checks in the employee application process.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to department of health and human services family reunification practices involving convicted sex offenders.. Description: Relative to department of health and human services family reunification practices involving convicted sex offenders.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to temporary workers.. Description: Relative to temporary workers.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to including under the meals and rooms tax facilitators of Internet transactions of motor vehicle rentals and facilitators of Internet transactions of room occupancies.. Description: Relative to including under the meals and rooms tax facilitators of Internet transactions of motor vehicle rentals and facilitators of Internet transactions of room occupancies.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certification of building code compliance inspectors.. Description: Relative to certification of building code compliance inspectors.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a condominium dispute resolution board.. Description: Establishing a condominium dispute resolution board.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the authority of the state fire marshal to grant an exemption from fire code requirements to recovery houses.. Description: Relative to the authority of the state fire marshal to grant an exemption from fire code requirements to recovery houses.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to tinted windows on motor vehicles.. Description: Relative to tinted windows on motor vehicles.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing Friends of Seabrook Rail Trail to issue decals for multi-use plates and establishing an oversight commission on multi-use decal plates.. Description: Authorizing Friends of Seabrook Rail Trail to issue decals for multi-use plates and establishing an oversight commission on multi-use decal plates.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Making an appropriation to the community college system to continue the math learning communities program in partnership with New Hampshire high schools.. Description: Making an appropriation to the community college system to continue the math learning communities program in partnership with New Hampshire high schools.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to procedures for condominiums with 25 or fewer residential units.. Description: Relative to procedures for condominiums with 25 or fewer residential units.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to regulation by the New Hampshire real estate commission.. Description: Relative to regulation by the New Hampshire real estate commission.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Including the legislature as a public employer under the public employee labor relations act and relative to the duties of the joint committee on legislative facilities.. Description: Including the legislature as a public employer under the public employee labor relations act and relative to the duties of the joint committee on legislative facilities.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Adding opioid addiction, misuse, and abuse to qualifying medical conditions under therapeutic use of cannabis.. Description: Adding opioid addiction, misuse, and abuse to qualifying medical conditions under therapeutic use of cannabis.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of pet vendor.. Description: Relative to the definition of pet vendor.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study best practices for companion animal groomers.. Description: Establishing a committee to study best practices for companion animal groomers.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the best interests of the child under the child protection act.. Description: Relative to the best interests of the child under the child protection act.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Repealing requirements for transfer of appropriations in Carroll county.. Description: Repealing requirements for transfer of appropriations in Carroll county.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the prohibition on unlawful discrimination in public and nonpublic schools.. Description: Relative to the prohibition on unlawful discrimination in public and nonpublic schools.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to access to historic burial sites on state-owned land.. Description: Relative to access to historic burial sites on state-owned land.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to drivers' licenses for New Hampshire residents who do not possess a social security card.. Description: Relative to drivers' licenses for New Hampshire residents who do not possess a social security card.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to election officers at additional polling places.. Description: Relative to election officers at additional polling places.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to school calendar days.. Description: Relative to school calendar days.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Adding qualifying medical conditions to the therapeutic use of cannabis law.. Description: Adding qualifying medical conditions to the therapeutic use of cannabis law.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to eligibility for the low and moderate income homeowners property tax relief.. Description: Relative to eligibility for the low and moderate income homeowners property tax relief.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the legalization and regulation of cannabis and making appropriations therefor.. Description: Relative to the legalization and regulation of cannabis and making appropriations therefor.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a registry for the deaf, hard of hearing, and deaf/blind in the department of health and human services.. Description: Establishing a registry for the deaf, hard of hearing, and deaf/blind in the department of health and human services.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study the role of clinical diagnosis and the limitations of serological diagnostic tests in determining the presence or absence of Lyme and other tick-borne diseases and available treatment protocols, and appropriate methods for educating physicians and the public about the inconclusive nature of prevailing test methods and available treatment alternatives.. Description: Establishing a commission to study the role of clinical diagnosis and the limitations of serological diagnostic tests in determining the presence or absence of Lyme and other tick-borne diseases and available treatment protocols, and appropriate methods for educating physicians and the public about the inconclusive nature of prevailing test methods and available treatment alternatives.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of antique snowmobiles, relative to water quality rules, and relative to the disposition of administrative fines for asbestos management violations.. Description: Relative to the definition of antique snowmobiles, relative to water quality rules, and relative to the disposition of administrative fines for asbestos management violations.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Using fees from registration of commercial animal food sellers to fund the cost of care program in the department of agriculture, markets, and food and establishing a commission to study the identification of unregistered animal feed products being sold remotely in New Hampshire.. Description: Using fees from registration of commercial animal food sellers to fund the cost of care program in the department of agriculture, markets, and food and establishing a commission to study the identification of unregistered animal feed products being sold remotely in New Hampshire.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to allowing employees time to vote in biennial general elections. Description: Relative to allowing employees time to vote in biennial general elections
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to allowing the use of facility dogs for therapeutic purposes in proceedings involving children or certain other persons.. Description: Relative to allowing the use of facility dogs for therapeutic purposes in proceedings involving children or certain other persons.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to availability of diaper changing stations in public restrooms.. Description: Relative to availability of diaper changing stations in public restrooms.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to payment for earned but unused vacation or personal time.. Description: Relative to payment for earned but unused vacation or personal time.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Adding biometric information to the consumer protection act.. Description: Adding biometric information to the consumer protection act.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the regulation of art therapists.. Description: Relative to the regulation of art therapists.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Allowing municipalities to process absentee ballots prior to election day.. Description: Allowing municipalities to process absentee ballots prior to election day.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to point of sale bags.. Description: Relative to point of sale bags.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the fees for failing to register certain motor vehicles and establishing a commission to study the registration of trailers, semi-trailers, and other vehicles.. Description: Relative to the fees for failing to register certain motor vehicles and establishing a commission to study the registration of trailers, semi-trailers, and other vehicles.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study supervised visitation centers.. Description: Establishing a committee to study supervised visitation centers.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the New Hampshire energy strategy.. Description: Relative to the New Hampshire energy strategy.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the safety of residents and employees in long-term care facilities, relative to cost controls in long-term care, and relative to the reimbursement of costs of training nursing assistants.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the safety of residents and employees in long-term care facilities, relative to cost controls in long-term care, and relative to the reimbursement of costs of training nursing assistants.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the authority of the New Hampshire attorney general to enforce certain consumer protection laws.. Description: Relative to the authority of the New Hampshire attorney general to enforce certain consumer protection laws.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to penalties for overtaking and passing a school bus.. Description: Relative to penalties for overtaking and passing a school bus.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a public boat access donation program for operators of non-motorized boats and requiring the fish and game department to prepare a report relating to such program.. Description: Establishing a public boat access donation program for operators of non-motorized boats and requiring the fish and game department to prepare a report relating to such program.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to lucky 7 tickets.. Description: Relative to lucky 7 tickets.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to suicide prevention.. Description: Relative to suicide prevention.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to claims for medical monitoring.. Description: Relative to claims for medical monitoring.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to testing private wells.. Description: Relative to testing private wells.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to discipline of students, addressing students' behavioral needs, and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Relative to discipline of students, addressing students' behavioral needs, and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Removing the work requirement of the New Hampshire granite advantage health care program.. Description: Removing the work requirement of the New Hampshire granite advantage health care program.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to providing notice of the introduction of new high-cost prescription drugs.. Description: Relative to providing notice of the introduction of new high-cost prescription drugs.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to sexual assault, sexual misconduct in institutions of higher education,  and the rights of victims of crime.. Description: Relative to sexual assault, sexual misconduct in institutions of higher education,  and the rights of victims of crime.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to settlement money from actions pertaining to the contamination of groundwater or drinking water.. Description: Relative to settlement money from actions pertaining to the contamination of groundwater or drinking water.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to electrical energy storage.. Description: Relative to electrical energy storage.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting prescription drug manufacturers from offering coupons or discounts to cover insurance copayments or deductibles.. Description: Prohibiting prescription drug manufacturers from offering coupons or discounts to cover insurance copayments or deductibles.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to special education in towns with no public schools.. Description: Relative to special education in towns with no public schools.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying Medicaid spend-down requirements and requiring a report to the oversight committee on health and human services.. Description: Clarifying Medicaid spend-down requirements and requiring a report to the oversight committee on health and human services.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Imposing a waiting period between the purchase and delivery of a firearm.. Description: Imposing a waiting period between the purchase and delivery of a firearm.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring food service establishments to establish food allergy awareness procedures.. Description: Requiring food service establishments to establish food allergy awareness procedures.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the acquisition, sale, or demolition of municipal land or buildings.. Description: Relative to the acquisition, sale, or demolition of municipal land or buildings.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to noncompete agreements for certain mental health professionals.. Description: Relative to noncompete agreements for certain mental health professionals.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to municipal broadband infrastructure bonds and establishing communications districts.. Description: Relative to municipal broadband infrastructure bonds and establishing communications districts.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study programs for female parolees.. Description: Establishing a committee to study programs for female parolees.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to workers' compensation for heart and lung disease in firefighters.. Description: Relative to workers' compensation for heart and lung disease in firefighters.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of "eligible facility" as it pertains to renewable generation to provide fuel diversity.. Description: Relative to the definition of "eligible facility" as it pertains to renewable generation to provide fuel diversity.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study air quality in school buildings.. Description: Establishing a committee to study air quality in school buildings.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of certain out-of-state banks by the state treasurer and municipal and county treasurers or trustees. Description: Relative to the use of certain out-of-state banks by the state treasurer and municipal and county treasurers or trustees
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the establishment of water testing requirements for residential rental property.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the establishment of water testing requirements for residential rental property.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to death benefits of first responders who die from suicide.. Description: Relative to death benefits of first responders who die from suicide.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to reporting a collision between a cat and a motor vehicle.. Description: Relative to reporting a collision between a cat and a motor vehicle.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of prime wetland.. Description: Relative to the definition of prime wetland.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to school lunch payment policies.. Description: Relative to school lunch payment policies.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Adding deaf or hard of hearing to the medical conditions that may be indicated on a driver's license or nondriver's identification.. Description: Adding deaf or hard of hearing to the medical conditions that may be indicated on a driver's license or nondriver's identification.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to notice requirements for certain municipal public hearings, providing for optional town meeting procedures during the state of emergency declared in response to the novel coronavirus disease (Covid-19), and relative to online reporting of CARES Act disbursements.. Description: Relative to notice requirements for certain municipal public hearings, providing for optional town meeting procedures during the state of emergency declared in response to the novel coronavirus disease (Covid-19), and relative to online reporting of CARES Act disbursements.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Renaming the New Hampshire commission on deafness and hearing loss.. Description: Renaming the New Hampshire commission on deafness and hearing loss.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Naming a portion of route 49 in honor of Specialist Marc P. Decoteau; designating a portion of state route 125 as Officer Stephen Arkell Memorial Highway; declaring June 6 as D-Day Remembrance Day; proclaiming August 31 as Overdose Awareness Day; naming certain courtrooms in the tenth circuit district court and relative to circuit court, district and family division cases in Rockingham county; and relative to Holocaust and genocide studies legislation and establishing a commission to study genocide education.. Description: Naming a portion of route 49 in honor of Specialist Marc P. Decoteau; designating a portion of state route 125 as Officer Stephen Arkell Memorial Highway; declaring June 6 as D-Day Remembrance Day; proclaiming August 31 as Overdose Awareness Day; naming certain courtrooms in the tenth circuit district court and relative to circuit court, district and family division cases in Rockingham county; and relative to Holocaust and genocide studies legislation and establishing a commission to study genocide education.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the duty of school superintendents regarding criminal history records checks.. Description: Relative to the duty of school superintendents regarding criminal history records checks.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to expand the rights of minors to legal representation.. Description: Establishing a commission to expand the rights of minors to legal representation.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a hospital merger advisory commission.. Description: Establishing a hospital merger advisory commission.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the crime of unsolicited disclosure of an intimate image.. Description: Establishing the crime of unsolicited disclosure of an intimate image.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Allowing the New Hampshire Masons to issue decals for motor vehicle plates.. Description: Allowing the New Hampshire Masons to issue decals for motor vehicle plates.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Repealing limited liability for manufacturers, distributors, dealers, or importers of firearms or ammunition.. Description: Repealing limited liability for manufacturers, distributors, dealers, or importers of firearms or ammunition.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring certain data to be filed with the department of labor.. Description: Requiring certain data to be filed with the department of labor.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Permitting qualified patients visiting from out-of-state to access New Hampshire therapeutic cannabis dispensaries.. Description: Permitting qualified patients visiting from out-of-state to access New Hampshire therapeutic cannabis dispensaries.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to driving to the left of an unbroken painted line.. Description: Relative to driving to the left of an unbroken painted line.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Allowing municipalities to collect an occupancy fee from operators of local room rentals.. Description: Allowing municipalities to collect an occupancy fee from operators of local room rentals.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to electronic filings of meals and rooms tax returns and interest on payments of state taxes.. Description: Relative to electronic filings of meals and rooms tax returns and interest on payments of state taxes.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to adoption and parentage; the office of the child advocate; reimbursement of court ordered services for juveniles; the legal representation of children in the juvenile justice system; the best interest of the child under RSA 169-C and the duties of the oversight commission on children's services; insurance coverage for children's early intervention services; expanding the family-centered early supports and services (FCESS) program to children under the age of 3 who are born substance-exposed; the child abuse and neglect central registry; establishing a kinship navigator program; missing children; dispositional hearings under RSA 169-B; and the rebuttable presumption of harm under the child protection act.. Description: Relative to adoption and parentage; the office of the child advocate; reimbursement of court ordered services for juveniles; the legal representation of children in the juvenile justice system; the best interest of the child under RSA 169-C and the duties of the oversight commission on children's services; insurance coverage for children's early intervention services; expanding the family-centered early supports and services (FCESS) program to children under the age of 3 who are born substance-exposed; the child abuse and neglect central registry; establishing a kinship navigator program; missing children; dispositional hearings under RSA 169-B; and the rebuttable presumption of harm under the child protection act.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the type of counseling that may be required by the state.. Description: Relative to the type of counseling that may be required by the state.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating the first labor strike in the United States by women.. Description: Commemorating the first labor strike in the United States by women.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the expectation of privacy.. Description: Relative to the expectation of privacy.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to requiring a roll call vote when one member of a public body participates electronically.. Description: Relative to requiring a roll call vote when one member of a public body participates electronically.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the application of federal Occupational Safety and Health Act standards to public employers.. Description: Relative to the application of federal Occupational Safety and Health Act standards to public employers.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of an official ballot in towns.. Description: Relative to the use of an official ballot in towns.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring screening for all law enforcement officers for psychological stability prior to assuming their duties as certified officers.. Description: Requiring screening for all law enforcement officers for psychological stability prior to assuming their duties as certified officers.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the penalty for certain invasions of privacy.. Description: Increasing the penalty for certain invasions of privacy.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the attorney general's authority over certain municipal and county employees.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the attorney general's authority over certain municipal and county employees.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to safety requirements for pools on foreclosed residential property.. Description: Relative to safety requirements for pools on foreclosed residential property.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to contract powers of condominium unit owners' associations.. Description: Relative to contract powers of condominium unit owners' associations.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certain assets in a divorce proceeding.. Description: Relative to certain assets in a divorce proceeding.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing the commission to study the on road usage of non-traditional motor vehicles, relative to motor vehicles and transportation, relative to roadable aircraft, and making an appropriation to the department of education for the purpose of funding the Hudson CTE center.. Description: Establishing the commission to study the on road usage of non-traditional motor vehicles, relative to motor vehicles and transportation, relative to roadable aircraft, and making an appropriation to the department of education for the purpose of funding the Hudson CTE center.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study forms of apprenticeship programs currently in place in New Hampshire.. Description: Establishing a committee to study forms of apprenticeship programs currently in place in New Hampshire.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the filing of certain organizational income reports with the secretary of state.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the filing of certain organizational income reports with the secretary of state.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to animal shelter facilities.. Description: Relative to animal shelter facilities.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to conditional licenses of allied health professionals.. Description: Relative to conditional licenses of allied health professionals.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the compensation of members of the genetic counselor's governing board.. Description: Relative to the compensation of members of the genetic counselor's governing board.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to forfeiture of seized personal property.. Description: Relative to forfeiture of seized personal property.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the tax expenditure report and relative to delaying the enactment of the single sales factor under the business profits and business enterprise taxes.. Description: Relative to the tax expenditure report and relative to delaying the enactment of the single sales factor under the business profits and business enterprise taxes.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the membership of the state board of education.. Description: Relative to the membership of the state board of education.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring fidelity insurance coverage for condominium board members, managers, and employees.. Description: Requiring fidelity insurance coverage for condominium board members, managers, and employees.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the impaired driver education program.. Description: Relative to the impaired driver education program.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring police officers to report misconduct.. Description: Requiring police officers to report misconduct.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to privacy for an employee's personal financial and credit information.. Description: Relative to privacy for an employee's personal financial and credit information.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Adding a member to the aviation users advisory board.. Description: Adding a member to the aviation users advisory board.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Making an appropriation to the lakeshore redevelopment planning commission.. Description: Making an appropriation to the lakeshore redevelopment planning commission.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting surveillance by the state on public ways or sidewalks.. Description: Prohibiting surveillance by the state on public ways or sidewalks.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study options for childcare and related barriers to working parents serving in the legislature.. Description: Establishing a committee to study options for childcare and related barriers to working parents serving in the legislature.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming Climate Change Awareness Day.. Description: Proclaiming Climate Change Awareness Day.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation for the purpose of funding substance use disorder services in Nashua.. Description: Making an appropriation for the purpose of funding substance use disorder services in Nashua.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to coverage for children's early intervention services.. Description: Relative to coverage for children's early intervention services.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the requirements of reporting by utility companies of information required for valuation of certain utility property for purposes of RSA 72.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the requirements of reporting by utility companies of information required for valuation of certain utility property for purposes of RSA 72.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the grounds for sexual assault and related offenses, establishing a special marriage officiant license, modifying requirements for renewal of pharmacy licenses, and relative to occupational licensure and the office of professional licensure and certification.. Description: Relative to the grounds for sexual assault and related offenses, establishing a special marriage officiant license, modifying requirements for renewal of pharmacy licenses, and relative to occupational licensure and the office of professional licensure and certification.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Adopting omnibus legislation concerning state agencies.. Description: Adopting omnibus legislation concerning state agencies.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the commission on the interdisciplinary primary care workforce; relative to multicounty grand juries; and allowing remote notarization of paper estate planning documents during the COVID-19 state of emergency.. Description: Relative to the commission on the interdisciplinary primary care workforce; relative to multicounty grand juries; and allowing remote notarization of paper estate planning documents during the COVID-19 state of emergency.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting corporal punishment of children in state agency programs.. Description: Prohibiting corporal punishment of children in state agency programs.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to large groundwater withdrawals from replacement wells.. Description: Relative to large groundwater withdrawals from replacement wells.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing an advisory council on the dispensing of eyeglasses and contact lenses.. Description: Establishing an advisory council on the dispensing of eyeglasses and contact lenses.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the parole of prisoners and the procedures of the adult parole board.. Description: Relative to the parole of prisoners and the procedures of the adult parole board.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to roadside memorials.. Description: Relative to roadside memorials.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the opportunities for citizen involvement in attorney general investigations of officer involved shootings.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the opportunities for citizen involvement in attorney general investigations of officer involved shootings.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the rulemaking authority of the department of information technology.. Description: Relative to the rulemaking authority of the department of information technology.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to victims compensation fund eligibility.. Description: Relative to victims compensation fund eligibility.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Extending the commission on the seacoast cancer cluster investigation, setting the maximum contaminant levels for certain perfluorochemicals in drinking water, establishing a per and polyfluoroalkyl substances fund and programs and making an appropriation therefor, requiring insurance coverage for PFAS and PFC blood tests, and expanding the statute governing ambient groundwater quality standards.. Description: Extending the commission on the seacoast cancer cluster investigation, setting the maximum contaminant levels for certain perfluorochemicals in drinking water, establishing a per and polyfluoroalkyl substances fund and programs and making an appropriation therefor, requiring insurance coverage for PFAS and PFC blood tests, and expanding the statute governing ambient groundwater quality standards.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Making temporary modifications to the absentee voter registration, absentee ballot application, and absentee voting processes in response to the novel coronavirus (Covid-19) disease.. Description: Making temporary modifications to the absentee voter registration, absentee ballot application, and absentee voting processes in response to the novel coronavirus (Covid-19) disease.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to posthumous exonerations and annulments.. Description: Relative to posthumous exonerations and annulments.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to 911 immunity relative to possession of drugs.. Description: Relative to 911 immunity relative to possession of drugs.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting prison privatization.. Description: Prohibiting prison privatization.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring bottled drinking water sold to the public meet the same maximum contaminant levels established for public drinking water.. Description: Requiring bottled drinking water sold to the public meet the same maximum contaminant levels established for public drinking water.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the terms resident, inhabitant, residence, and residency.. Description: Relative to the terms resident, inhabitant, residence, and residency.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to copayments for insulin, establishing a wholesale prescription drug importation program,  establishing a New Hampshire prescription drug affordability board, establishing the prescription drug competitive marketplace, relative to the pricing of generic prescription drugs, relative to prior authorization for prescription drug coverage, and requiring insurance coverage for epinephrine auto-injectors.. Description: Relative to copayments for insulin, establishing a wholesale prescription drug importation program,  establishing a New Hampshire prescription drug affordability board, establishing the prescription drug competitive marketplace, relative to the pricing of generic prescription drugs, relative to prior authorization for prescription drug coverage, and requiring insurance coverage for epinephrine auto-injectors.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring insurance coverage for epinephrine auto-injectors.. Description: Requiring insurance coverage for epinephrine auto-injectors.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to organizations authorized to issue decals for multi-use decal number plates.. Description: Relative to organizations authorized to issue decals for multi-use decal number plates.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to possession of firearms on school property.. Description: Relative to possession of firearms on school property.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the licensure and regulation of music therapists.. Description: Relative to the licensure and regulation of music therapists.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the duration of antibiotic therapy for tick-borne illness.. Description: Relative to the duration of antibiotic therapy for tick-borne illness.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the form of a candidate's name on the official ballot in nonpartisan town elections.. Description: Relative to the form of a candidate's name on the official ballot in nonpartisan town elections.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to voting by a public employee organization.. Description: Relative to voting by a public employee organization.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to homestead food license requirements.. Description: Relative to homestead food license requirements.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Revising certain benefit provisions in the city of Manchester employees contributory retirement system.. Description: Revising certain benefit provisions in the city of Manchester employees contributory retirement system.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the city of Manchester employees' contributory retirement system.. Description: Relative to the city of Manchester employees' contributory retirement system.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Adding the New Hampshire Motorcyclists' Rights Organization to the traffic safety commission.. Description: Adding the New Hampshire Motorcyclists' Rights Organization to the traffic safety commission.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study applications of microgrids in electricity supply.. Description: Establishing a committee to study applications of microgrids in electricity supply.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring workers' compensation to cover prophylactic treatment for critical exposure.. Description: Requiring workers' compensation to cover prophylactic treatment for critical exposure.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the recitation of the Lord's prayer in public elementary schools.. Description: Relative to the recitation of the Lord's prayer in public elementary schools.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the life settlements act.. Description: Relative to the life settlements act.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the semi-annual or quarterly collection of taxes in certain municipalities.. Description: Relative to the semi-annual or quarterly collection of taxes in certain municipalities.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to persons held in civil contempt.. Description: Relative to persons held in civil contempt.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Declaring June 6 as D-Day Remembrance Day.. Description: Declaring June 6 as D-Day Remembrance Day.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the board of acupuncture licensing and the licensure of acupuncturists.. Description: Relative to the board of acupuncture licensing and the licensure of acupuncturists.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to renewals of licenses of allied health professionals.. Description: Relative to renewals of licenses of allied health professionals.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the siting of new landfills or expansions of existing landfills near state parks, national parks, or United States Department of Agriculture forest land.. Description: Prohibiting the siting of new landfills or expansions of existing landfills near state parks, national parks, or United States Department of Agriculture forest land.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the chartered public school joint legislative oversight committee.. Description: Relative to the chartered public school joint legislative oversight committee.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting university system funds from being spent to oppose the formation of unions and collective bargaining units.. Description: Prohibiting university system funds from being spent to oppose the formation of unions and collective bargaining units.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Exempting rentals of shared facilities from requirements under the real estate practice act.. Description: Exempting rentals of shared facilities from requirements under the real estate practice act.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to minutes and decisions in nonpublic sessions under the right-to-know law.. Description: Relative to minutes and decisions in nonpublic sessions under the right-to-know law.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the independent investment committee of the New Hampshire retirement system to report investment fees.. Description: Requiring the independent investment committee of the New Hampshire retirement system to report investment fees.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the authority of the department of education.. Description: Relative to the authority of the department of education.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to a change of school or assignment due to manifest educational hardship.. Description: Relative to a change of school or assignment due to manifest educational hardship.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to school records retention and disposition.. Description: Relative to school records retention and disposition.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming an annual observance of a day commemorating caregivers of wounded veterans.. Description: Proclaiming an annual observance of a day commemorating caregivers of wounded veterans.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to organ donation on a driver's license.. Description: Relative to organ donation on a driver's license.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to an electronic prescription drug program.. Description: Relative to an electronic prescription drug program.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to rebates under the law governing unfair insurance practices.. Description: Relative to rebates under the law governing unfair insurance practices.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the organization of alternative treatment centers.. Description: Relative to the organization of alternative treatment centers.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the insurance department to make a report regarding the impact of insurance coverage for pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders.. Description: Requiring the insurance department to make a report regarding the impact of insurance coverage for pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Addressing impacts to other water users from new sources of water for community water systems.. Description: Addressing impacts to other water users from new sources of water for community water systems.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to guardianship by grandparents.. Description: Relative to guardianship by grandparents.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study firearms incidents involving children with access to unsecured firearms.. Description: Establishing a committee to study firearms incidents involving children with access to unsecured firearms.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to immunity from arrest or prosecution for certain alcoholic beverage violations for a person under 21 years of age who reports a situation involving risk of alcohol overdose.. Description: Relative to immunity from arrest or prosecution for certain alcoholic beverage violations for a person under 21 years of age who reports a situation involving risk of alcohol overdose.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study energy efficiency programs.. Description: Establishing a committee to study energy efficiency programs.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the therapeutic use of cannabis advisory council.. Description: Repealing the therapeutic use of cannabis advisory council.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the distribution of campaign materials inside a polling place.. Description: Relative to the distribution of campaign materials inside a polling place.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to motorist service signs on limited access highways.. Description: Relative to motorist service signs on limited access highways.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the computation of renewable energy credits.. Description: Relative to the computation of renewable energy credits.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to filling vacancies for at-large members of school boards and budget committees of cooperative school districts.. Description: Relative to filling vacancies for at-large members of school boards and budget committees of cooperative school districts.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming March 2 Reading in New Hampshire Day.. Description: Proclaiming March 2 Reading in New Hampshire Day.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the election of Carroll county commissioners.. Description: Relative to the election of Carroll county commissioners.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to voluntarily surrendered firearms.. Description: Relative to voluntarily surrendered firearms.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the sharing of location information by mobile telecommunications services, and establishing a civil penalty and civil cause of action for unauthorized sharing of electronic location information.. Description: Relative to the sharing of location information by mobile telecommunications services, and establishing a civil penalty and civil cause of action for unauthorized sharing of electronic location information.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Making a technical correction and a clarification in the law governing death benefits for emergency medical technicians and rescue squad members.. Description: Making a technical correction and a clarification in the law governing death benefits for emergency medical technicians and rescue squad members.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study oversight authority and timelines for processing and retaining sexual assault evidence collection kits.. Description: Establishing a committee to study oversight authority and timelines for processing and retaining sexual assault evidence collection kits.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring a background check for commercial firearms sales.. Description: Requiring a background check for commercial firearms sales.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the operation of personal water craft around the marshlands or flats of the Rye estuary and the New Castle back channel.. Description: Relative to the operation of personal water craft around the marshlands or flats of the Rye estuary and the New Castle back channel.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing April 8, 2024 as Solar Eclipse Day.. Description: Establishing April 8, 2024 as Solar Eclipse Day.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to portraits and memorial objects in the state house, legislative office building, and Upham Walker house.. Description: Relative to portraits and memorial objects in the state house, legislative office building, and Upham Walker house.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the election of Grafton county commissioners.. Description: Relative to the election of Grafton county commissioners.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the establishment of public employee bargaining units.. Description: Relative to the establishment of public employee bargaining units.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting smoking and e-cigarettes in motor vehicles when a passenger is under 16 years of age.. Description: Prohibiting smoking and e-cigarettes in motor vehicles when a passenger is under 16 years of age.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to HIV/AIDS prophylaxis treatment for minors without parental consent.. Description: Relative to HIV/AIDS prophylaxis treatment for minors without parental consent.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the property tax exemptions for solar and wind-powered energy systems.. Description: Relative to the property tax exemptions for solar and wind-powered energy systems.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to adopting rules relative to departmental forms.. Description: Relative to adopting rules relative to departmental forms.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to license plate covers.. Description: Relative to license plate covers.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of special license plates.. Description: Relative to the use of special license plates.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the use of flavors in vaping products.. Description: Prohibiting the use of flavors in vaping products.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to penalties for improper timber harvesting.. Description: Relative to penalties for improper timber harvesting.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study campaign finance disclosure laws and anonymous contributions, receipts, and expenditures.. Description: Establishing a committee to study campaign finance disclosure laws and anonymous contributions, receipts, and expenditures.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing certification for the microblading of eyebrows.. Description: Authorizing certification for the microblading of eyebrows.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the use or collection of biometric data.. Description: Prohibiting the use or collection of biometric data.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of force at New Hampshire national guard facilities.. Description: Relative to the use of force at New Hampshire national guard facilities.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study the equalization rate used for the calculation of a property tax abatement by the New Hampshire board of tax and land appeals, the superior court, and all cities, towns, and counties.. Description: Establishing a commission to study the equalization rate used for the calculation of a property tax abatement by the New Hampshire board of tax and land appeals, the superior court, and all cities, towns, and counties.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to reports on education tax credit scholarships.. Description: Relative to reports on education tax credit scholarships.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Allowing alternative treatment centers to acquire and use in manufacturing hemp-derived cannabidiol (CBD) isolate.. Description: Allowing alternative treatment centers to acquire and use in manufacturing hemp-derived cannabidiol (CBD) isolate.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Directing the department of environmental services to publish an advisory to public schools on the risks associated the use of food containers containing polyfluoralkyl substances and polystyrene and establishing a committee to study how to remove food containers containing polyfluoroalkyl substances and polystyrene from schools. Description: Directing the department of environmental services to publish an advisory to public schools on the risks associated the use of food containers containing polyfluoralkyl substances and polystyrene and establishing a committee to study how to remove food containers containing polyfluoroalkyl substances and polystyrene from schools
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study attainment of a clean-energy electric grid by 2030.. Description: Establishing a commission to study attainment of a clean-energy electric grid by 2030.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to motorcycle auxiliary lamping.. Description: Relative to motorcycle auxiliary lamping.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the powers of the state board of education.. Description: Relative to the powers of the state board of education.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the qualifications of the banking department commissioner and deputy commissioner, relative to consumer complaints, and relative to applications for money transmitters.. Description: Relative to the qualifications of the banking department commissioner and deputy commissioner, relative to consumer complaints, and relative to applications for money transmitters.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to insurance credentialing of out-of-state applicants for licensure as alcohol and drug counselors.. Description: Relative to insurance credentialing of out-of-state applicants for licensure as alcohol and drug counselors.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the Gunstock area commission and ski resort.. Description: Relative to the Gunstock area commission and ski resort.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the city of Claremont police commission.. Description: Relative to the city of Claremont police commission.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the adoption of innovative vehicle emissions standards pursuant to section 177 of the federal Clean Air Act.. Description: Requiring the adoption of innovative vehicle emissions standards pursuant to section 177 of the federal Clean Air Act.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the labeling of products containing PFAS.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the labeling of products containing PFAS.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to animal health certificates and quarantine requirements for animals imported into the state.. Description: Relative to animal health certificates and quarantine requirements for animals imported into the state.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Defining animal hoarding.. Description: Defining animal hoarding.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of contracts relative to official ballot default budgets.. Description: Relative to the definition of contracts relative to official ballot default budgets.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study the implementation of enhanced automation of traffic lights.. Description: Establishing a commission to study the implementation of enhanced automation of traffic lights.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to vehicle repairs.. Description: Relative to vehicle repairs.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Allowing for mailing of driver's license suspension notices by first class mail.. Description: Allowing for mailing of driver's license suspension notices by first class mail.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to non-academic surveys administered by a public school or a chartered public school to its students.. Description: Relative to non-academic surveys administered by a public school or a chartered public school to its students.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the form of municipal budgets.. Description: Relative to the form of municipal budgets.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the penalty for carnival or amusement ride operators.. Description: Relative to the penalty for carnival or amusement ride operators.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to employment restrictions for registered sex offenders.. Description: Relative to employment restrictions for registered sex offenders.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to ignition lock requirements.. Description: Relative to ignition lock requirements.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to criminal mischief.. Description: Relative to criminal mischief.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Permitting elementary, middle, and high schools to produce and sell certain amounts of maple syrup for educational purposes.. Description: Permitting elementary, middle, and high schools to produce and sell certain amounts of maple syrup for educational purposes.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Restricting the distribution of plastic straws.. Description: Restricting the distribution of plastic straws.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring schools to have a special education parent advisory council.. Description: Requiring schools to have a special education parent advisory council.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the impact of taxes on tobacco use and their role in tobacco and nicotine cessation programs.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the impact of taxes on tobacco use and their role in tobacco and nicotine cessation programs.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to notification of security breaches.. Description: Relative to notification of security breaches.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to allowing dogs in outdoor dining areas of restaurants.. Description: Relative to allowing dogs in outdoor dining areas of restaurants.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to retroactive denials of previously paid claims.. Description: Relative to retroactive denials of previously paid claims.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study information technology in the legislative process.. Description: Establishing a committee to study information technology in the legislative process.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the taxation of property owners on private roads.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the taxation of property owners on private roads.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to occupational licensure and the office of professional licensure and certification.. Description: Relative to occupational licensure and the office of professional licensure and certification.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the effects of deportation of primary earners on United States citizen family members.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the effects of deportation of primary earners on United States citizen family members.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the sale of over-the-counter rape test kits.. Description: Prohibiting the sale of over-the-counter rape test kits.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the regional greenhouse gas initiative cap and trade program for controlling carbon dioxide emissions.. Description: Relative to the regional greenhouse gas initiative cap and trade program for controlling carbon dioxide emissions.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to a student loan bill of rights and a student loan ombudsman.. Description: Relative to a student loan bill of rights and a student loan ombudsman.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study financial literacy in New Hampshire and to make recommendations for a multi-generational approach to financial education.. Description: Establishing a commission to study financial literacy in New Hampshire and to make recommendations for a multi-generational approach to financial education.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to compensation of college athletes.. Description: Relative to compensation of college athletes.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study ways to reduce texting while driving.. Description: Establishing a commission to study ways to reduce texting while driving.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to public notice requirements for permits issued by the department of environmental services.. Description: Relative to public notice requirements for permits issued by the department of environmental services.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the growth of hemp.. Description: Relative to the growth of hemp.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the presence of a fire department at a display fireworks display. Description: Relative to the presence of a fire department at a display fireworks display
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to group host net energy metering.. Description: Relative to group host net energy metering.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Raising the minimum age for marriage.. Description: Raising the minimum age for marriage.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to roadable aircraft.. Description: Relative to roadable aircraft.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the alternative compliance payments for renewable energy obligations not met through the purchase of renewable energy credits.. Description: Relative to the alternative compliance payments for renewable energy obligations not met through the purchase of renewable energy credits.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study class IV resources under the renewable portfolio standard.. Description: Establishing a committee to study class IV resources under the renewable portfolio standard.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing the New Hampshire health professionals' program administration fund and making an appropriation therefor, and relative to state board of education rulemaking regarding criminal history records checks.. Description: Establishing the New Hampshire health professionals' program administration fund and making an appropriation therefor, and relative to state board of education rulemaking regarding criminal history records checks.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Adding a peer support specialist to the board of mental health practice.. Description: Adding a peer support specialist to the board of mental health practice.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring colleges and universities to establish a memorandum of understanding governing issues related to sexual assault.. Description: Requiring colleges and universities to establish a memorandum of understanding governing issues related to sexual assault.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the American Radio Relay League to issue decals for multi-use plates.. Description: Authorizing the American Radio Relay League to issue decals for multi-use plates.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to post-arrest photo distribution by law enforcement officers.. Description: Relative to post-arrest photo distribution by law enforcement officers.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of political advocacy organization.. Description: Relative to the definition of political advocacy organization.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to review and propose initiatives to implement the recommendations of the 2020 forest resources plan.. Description: Establishing a committee to review and propose initiatives to implement the recommendations of the 2020 forest resources plan.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study the creation of online voter registration for the 2022 state elections.. Description: Establishing a commission to study the creation of online voter registration for the 2022 state elections.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to installation of solar photovoltaic energy systems by owners subject to deed restrictions in a homeowners association.. Description: Relative to installation of solar photovoltaic energy systems by owners subject to deed restrictions in a homeowners association.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to standards for per and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) in drinking water and ambient groundwater.. Description: Relative to standards for per and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) in drinking water and ambient groundwater.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the relocation of children with elevated lead levels.. Description: Relative to the relocation of children with elevated lead levels.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to including electrical storage facilities in the definition of energy facility.. Description: Relative to including electrical storage facilities in the definition of energy facility.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the department of employment security job training program.. Description: Relative to the department of employment security job training program.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to regulation of interpreters for the deaf, deaf blind, and hard of hearing.. Description: Relative to regulation of interpreters for the deaf, deaf blind, and hard of hearing.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Eliminating fees for walking disability placards.. Description: Eliminating fees for walking disability placards.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a secure psychiatric unit facility advisory council.. Description: Establishing a secure psychiatric unit facility advisory council.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to driving with a suspended license.. Description: Relative to driving with a suspended license.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring learner's permits for certain persons seeking drivers' licenses.. Description: Requiring learner's permits for certain persons seeking drivers' licenses.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study increasing wages, educational opportunities, and the corresponding impact on recidivism among prisoners incarcerated in a state correctional facility who work at or under the supervision of such facility. Description: Establishing a committee to study increasing wages, educational opportunities, and the corresponding impact on recidivism among prisoners incarcerated in a state correctional facility who work at or under the supervision of such facility
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to discipline of students, addressing students' behavioral needs, and making an appropriation therefor; kindergarten funding; violence in schools; policies for students with head injuries; child sexual abuse prevention education and training; authorizing the issuance of bonds or notes by a municipality; adding the chancellor of the university system of New Hampshire to the department of business and economic affairs council of partner agencies; change of school or assignment due to manifest educational hardship; school board expenditure of year-end fund balances; a children's system of care; student wellness; and criminal background checks for bus drivers.. Description: Relative to discipline of students, addressing students' behavioral needs, and making an appropriation therefor; kindergarten funding; violence in schools; policies for students with head injuries; child sexual abuse prevention education and training; authorizing the issuance of bonds or notes by a municipality; adding the chancellor of the university system of New Hampshire to the department of business and economic affairs council of partner agencies; change of school or assignment due to manifest educational hardship; school board expenditure of year-end fund balances; a children's system of care; student wellness; and criminal background checks for bus drivers.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to sealing records in nonpublic session under the right-to-know law.. Description: Relative to sealing records in nonpublic session under the right-to-know law.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Defining "serious harm" to an animal as a result of animal cruelty and  relative to the criminal penalties for certain negligent actions which cause serious harm to or the death of an animal.. Description: Defining "serious harm" to an animal as a result of animal cruelty and  relative to the criminal penalties for certain negligent actions which cause serious harm to or the death of an animal.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Allowing a county to exempt its chief administrative officer from compulsory participation in the retirement system.. Description: Allowing a county to exempt its chief administrative officer from compulsory participation in the retirement system.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Including soil health and soil conservation in the state soil conservation plan.. Description: Including soil health and soil conservation in the state soil conservation plan.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the use of polystyrene foam.. Description: Prohibiting the use of polystyrene foam.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the department of environmental services to maintain a public registry of where certain fire suppressants have been used.. Description: Requiring the department of environmental services to maintain a public registry of where certain fire suppressants have been used.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to official cover plates for justices of New Hampshire circuit, superior, and supreme courts.. Description: Relative to official cover plates for justices of New Hampshire circuit, superior, and supreme courts.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to initiating amendments and corrections to birth records.. Description: Relative to initiating amendments and corrections to birth records.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to free tuition at colleges and universities for children of veterans who are totally and permanently disabled; programs to aid veterans' access to employment, housing, health care, and college degrees; educational assistance for members of the New Hampshire national guard; tuition waivers for children in state foster care or guardianship; and prohibiting higher education institutions from discriminating on the basis of military, law enforcement, or veterans status.. Description: Relative to free tuition at colleges and universities for children of veterans who are totally and permanently disabled; programs to aid veterans' access to employment, housing, health care, and college degrees; educational assistance for members of the New Hampshire national guard; tuition waivers for children in state foster care or guardianship; and prohibiting higher education institutions from discriminating on the basis of military, law enforcement, or veterans status.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to cannabis use during pregnancy.. Description: Relative to cannabis use during pregnancy.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to milk pasteurization.. Description: Relative to milk pasteurization.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to dispositional hearings under RSA 169-B.. Description: Relative to dispositional hearings under RSA 169-B.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to prosecutions for interference with freedom.. Description: Relative to prosecutions for interference with freedom.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring children under the age of 2 years be restrained in a motor vehicle.. Description: Requiring children under the age of 2 years be restrained in a motor vehicle.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the manufacture, sale, transfer, and possession of large capacity ammunition feeding devices.. Description: Prohibiting the manufacture, sale, transfer, and possession of large capacity ammunition feeding devices.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to seasonal platforms on public waters of the state.. Description: Relative to seasonal platforms on public waters of the state.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to incarceration under a suspended sentence.. Description: Relative to incarceration under a suspended sentence.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying the prohibition against the use of mobile electronic devices while driving.. Description: Clarifying the prohibition against the use of mobile electronic devices while driving.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of passenger restraints in motor vehicles.. Description: Relative to the use of passenger restraints in motor vehicles.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to telemedicine.. Description: Relative to telemedicine.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Reducing the penalty for certain first offense drug possession charges.. Description: Reducing the penalty for certain first offense drug possession charges.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to training and procedures for zoning and planning boards.. Description: Relative to training and procedures for zoning and planning boards.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to pet vendors.. Description: Relative to pet vendors.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to insurance coverage for tick-borne illness.. Description: Relative to insurance coverage for tick-borne illness.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a kinship navigator program in the department of health and human services.. Description: Establishing a kinship navigator program in the department of health and human services.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to health care.. Description: Relative to health care.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Reducing the criminal penalty for certain controlled drugs.. Description: Reducing the criminal penalty for certain controlled drugs.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring monitoring of certain radioactive air pollutants.. Description: Requiring monitoring of certain radioactive air pollutants.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to permissible campaign contributions by business organizations and labor unions and relative to funding source disclosure for political advertising.. Description: Relative to permissible campaign contributions by business organizations and labor unions and relative to funding source disclosure for political advertising.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to superior court judgments; adding a bail commissioner to the commission on pretrial detention, pretrial scheduling, and pretrial services and the release of a defendant pending trial; prison privatization; misdemeanor domestic violence offenses; immunity from arrest or prosecution for certain alcoholic beverage violations; police officers reporting misconduct; criminal mischief; screening for all law enforcement officers for psychological stability prior to assuming their duties as certified officers; and prohibiting the use of chokeholds by law enforcement officers.. Description: Relative to superior court judgments; adding a bail commissioner to the commission on pretrial detention, pretrial scheduling, and pretrial services and the release of a defendant pending trial; prison privatization; misdemeanor domestic violence offenses; immunity from arrest or prosecution for certain alcoholic beverage violations; police officers reporting misconduct; criminal mischief; screening for all law enforcement officers for psychological stability prior to assuming their duties as certified officers; and prohibiting the use of chokeholds by law enforcement officers.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the home cultivation of cannabis plants and the possession of certain cannabis-infused products.. Description: Relative to the home cultivation of cannabis plants and the possession of certain cannabis-infused products.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to prisoners' voting rights.. Description: Relative to prisoners' voting rights.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to domicile, residency, voter registration, and investigation of voter verification letters.. Description: Relative to domicile, residency, voter registration, and investigation of voter verification letters.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Expanding the New Hampshire vaccine association to include adult vaccines.. Description: Expanding the New Hampshire vaccine association to include adult vaccines.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to an act granting immunity from prosecution for prostitution for reporting a sexual assault.. Description: Relative to an act granting immunity from prosecution for prostitution for reporting a sexual assault.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to reimbursement of court-ordered services for juveniles.. Description: Relative to reimbursement of court-ordered services for juveniles.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing greenhouse gas emission reduction goals for the state and establishing a climate action plan.. Description: Establishing greenhouse gas emission reduction goals for the state and establishing a climate action plan.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to recording grand jury testimony.. Description: Relative to recording grand jury testimony.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to meals on wheels.. Description: Relative to meals on wheels.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative  to the Medicaid to schools program.. Description: Relative  to the Medicaid to schools program.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the installation of audio and video surveillance equipment in special education school buses.. Description: Relative to the installation of audio and video surveillance equipment in special education school buses.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Extending the committee to study whether non-attorney legal professionals could be licensed to engage in the limited practice of law.. Description: Extending the committee to study whether non-attorney legal professionals could be licensed to engage in the limited practice of law.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to recusal by members of the general court for conflicts of interest.. Description: Relative to recusal by members of the general court for conflicts of interest.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to background checks for certain persons under the banking law.. Description: Relative to background checks for certain persons under the banking law.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to a tax on electronic cigarettes.. Description: Relative to a tax on electronic cigarettes.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the licensure of nonresident aliens temporarily residing in New Hampshire.. Description: Relative to the licensure of nonresident aliens temporarily residing in New Hampshire.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the recycling of film plastics.. Description: Relative to the recycling of film plastics.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a solid waste working group on solid waste management planning.. Description: Establishing a solid waste working group on solid waste management planning.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a working group on food recovery.. Description: Establishing a working group on food recovery.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to compost.. Description: Relative to compost.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to adverse childhood experiences and the family support clearinghouse.. Description: Relative to adverse childhood experiences and the family support clearinghouse.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the solid waste practices of state agencies.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the solid waste practices of state agencies.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Expanding the family-centered early supports and services (FCESS) program to children under the age of 3 who are born substance-exposed.. Description: Expanding the family-centered early supports and services (FCESS) program to children under the age of 3 who are born substance-exposed.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the appeals process for child day care violations.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the appeals process for child day care violations.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to ratification of amendments to the state building code and state fire code.. Description: Relative to ratification of amendments to the state building code and state fire code.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the renomination of teachers.. Description: Relative to the renomination of teachers.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing an independent redistricting commission.. Description: Establishing an independent redistricting commission.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to limited electrical energy producers and net energy metering.. Description: Relative to limited electrical energy producers and net energy metering.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Making an appropriation to the affordable housing fund.. Description: Making an appropriation to the affordable housing fund.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to the applicability of certain DWI prohibitions.. Description: Relative to the applicability of certain DWI prohibitions.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to election procedures, delivery of ballots, and assents to candidacy.. Description: Relative to election procedures, delivery of ballots, and assents to candidacy.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to electioneering at polling places.. Description: Relative to electioneering at polling places.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to sharing of insurer rebates with enrollees.. Description: Relative to sharing of insurer rebates with enrollees.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to vacancies among primary candidates and prohibiting a candidate from receiving the nomination of more than one party.. Description: Relative to vacancies among primary candidates and prohibiting a candidate from receiving the nomination of more than one party.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the election of delegates to party conventions.. Description: Relative to the election of delegates to party conventions.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to required reporting on waste reduction.. Description: Relative to required reporting on waste reduction.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the department of health and human services to hire certain personnel and making an appropriation therefor.. Description: Authorizing the department of health and human services to hire certain personnel and making an appropriation therefor.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to prepaid wireless telecommunications service and voice over Internet protocol communications under the communications service tax.. Description: Relative to prepaid wireless telecommunications service and voice over Internet protocol communications under the communications service tax.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to eligibility for the governor's scholarship program.. Description: Relative to eligibility for the governor's scholarship program.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to municipal authority regarding the state building code.. Description: Relative to municipal authority regarding the state building code.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the degree granting authority of Signum University.. Description: Relative to the degree granting authority of Signum University.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to third party inspections conducted pursuant to a planning board approval.. Description: Relative to third party inspections conducted pursuant to a planning board approval.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Exempting commercial vessels from rafting rules.. Description: Exempting commercial vessels from rafting rules.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to competitive electricity supplier requirements under net energy metering.. Description: Relative to competitive electricity supplier requirements under net energy metering.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to transfers within the judicial branch.. Description: Relative to transfers within the judicial branch.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to criminal history background checks by employers and public agencies.. Description: Relative to criminal history background checks by employers and public agencies.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to create a New Hampshire recovery monument.. Description: Establishing a commission to create a New Hampshire recovery monument.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the minimum gross business income required for filing a business profits tax return.. Description: Increasing the minimum gross business income required for filing a business profits tax return.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the value of conducting post-election audits in New Hampshire.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the value of conducting post-election audits in New Hampshire.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study truth in political advertising.. Description: Establishing a committee to study truth in political advertising.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the office of cost containment.. Description: Relative to the office of cost containment.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study the incentivization of publicly-offered real estate investment trusts in New Hampshire.. Description: Establishing a commission to study the incentivization of publicly-offered real estate investment trusts in New Hampshire.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the age for sales and possession of tobacco products.. Description: Increasing the age for sales and possession of tobacco products.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to dementia training for direct care staff in residential facilities and community-based settings.. Description: Relative to dementia training for direct care staff in residential facilities and community-based settings.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Making an appropriation to the department of natural and cultural resources to perform an ecological integrity assessment.. Description: Making an appropriation to the department of natural and cultural resources to perform an ecological integrity assessment.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to post-election audits of electronic ballot counting devices.. Description: Relative to post-election audits of electronic ballot counting devices.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Setting the maximum contaminant levels for certain perfluorochemicals in drinking water.. Description: Setting the maximum contaminant levels for certain perfluorochemicals in drinking water.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to federally qualified health care centers and rural health centers reimbursement.. Description: Relative to federally qualified health care centers and rural health centers reimbursement.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the office of the child advocate.. Description: Relative to the office of the child advocate.
In 2019, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Eliminating certain ramp tolls on the Everett turnpike in the town of Merrimack.. Description: Eliminating certain ramp tolls on the Everett turnpike in the town of Merrimack.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to suspension and expulsion of pupils.. Description: Relative to suspension and expulsion of pupils.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study public funding of certain state election campaigns.. Description: Establishing a committee to study public funding of certain state election campaigns.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring automated external defibrillators in certain facilities promoting health and wellness through a paid program of intended physical activity.. Description: Requiring automated external defibrillators in certain facilities promoting health and wellness through a paid program of intended physical activity.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the state minimum hourly rate.. Description: Relative to the state minimum hourly rate.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the direct shipping of liquor.. Description: Relative to the direct shipping of liquor.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study issues relating to corrections officers.. Description: Establishing a commission to study issues relating to corrections officers.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Girl Scouts of the Green and White Mountains to issue decals for multi-use decal plates.. Description: Authorizing the Girl Scouts of the Green and White Mountains to issue decals for multi-use decal plates.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to roads within the Woodsville Fire District.. Description: Relative to roads within the Woodsville Fire District.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to domestic insurance company investments.. Description: Relative to domestic insurance company investments.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Permitting qualifying patients and designated caregivers to cultivate cannabis for therapeutic use.. Description: Permitting qualifying patients and designated caregivers to cultivate cannabis for therapeutic use.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to educational assistance for members of the New Hampshire national guard and relative to tuition waivers for children in state foster care or guardianship.. Description: Relative to educational assistance for members of the New Hampshire national guard and relative to tuition waivers for children in state foster care or guardianship.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to changes of registration of voters at primary elections.. Description: Relative to changes of registration of voters at primary elections.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to notifications to the rivers coordinator of state agency actions affecting rivers.. Description: Relative to notifications to the rivers coordinator of state agency actions affecting rivers.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the child fatality review committee.. Description: Relative to the child fatality review committee.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study the adoption of remote online notarization in New Hampshire.. Description: Establishing a commission to study the adoption of remote online notarization in New Hampshire.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of "licensing agency" for purposes of licensing places of assembly.. Description: Relative to the definition of "licensing agency" for purposes of licensing places of assembly.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing October 2020 as eczema awareness month.. Description: Establishing October 2020 as eczema awareness month.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the purchasing authority of the department of administrative services.. Description: Relative to the purchasing authority of the department of administrative services.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Making an appropriation to the department of education for the purpose of funding the Hudson CTE center.. Description: Making an appropriation to the department of education for the purpose of funding the Hudson CTE center.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the penalties for various motor vehicle violations.. Description: Relative to the penalties for various motor vehicle violations.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to penalties for violations of privacy.. Description: Relative to penalties for violations of privacy.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the New Hampshire collaborative law act.. Description: Establishing the New Hampshire collaborative law act.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to alternative dispute resolution.. Description: Relative to alternative dispute resolution.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Amending the alimony statute due to changes in federal tax law.. Description: Amending the alimony statute due to changes in federal tax law.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to residency of children of members of the armed forces.. Description: Relative to residency of children of members of the armed forces.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to airport fees for transportation network companies.. Description: Relative to airport fees for transportation network companies.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Permitting tastings by distilleries at farmers markets.. Description: Permitting tastings by distilleries at farmers markets.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to brew pubs allowing customers to bring dogs to outdoor areas.. Description: Relative to brew pubs allowing customers to bring dogs to outdoor areas.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing an administrative hearing procedure and penalty for an employer who fails to make payment of wages or who fails to secure workers' compensation coverage.. Description: Establishing an administrative hearing procedure and penalty for an employer who fails to make payment of wages or who fails to secure workers' compensation coverage.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Making certain technical changes to the insurance laws.. Description: Making certain technical changes to the insurance laws.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting higher education institutions from discriminating on the basis of military, law enforcement, or veterans status.. Description: Prohibiting higher education institutions from discriminating on the basis of military, law enforcement, or veterans status.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of capital reserve funds.. Description: Relative to the use of capital reserve funds.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to enforcement of zoning violations.. Description: Relative to enforcement of zoning violations.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to state energy management.. Description: Relative to state energy management.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the patient's bill of rights.. Description: Relative to the patient's bill of rights.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to funds for the division of veterans services.. Description: Relative to funds for the division of veterans services.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study gold star family decals.. Description: Establishing a committee to study gold star family decals.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certificate of boating safety.. Description: Relative to certificate of boating safety.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a council on the creative economy.. Description: Establishing a council on the creative economy.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to food in cigar shops.. Description: Relative to food in cigar shops.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the regulation of food trucks.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the regulation of food trucks.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the disqualification of certain persons from performing duties as an election official.. Description: Relative to the disqualification of certain persons from performing duties as an election official.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to insurance plans that cover maternity benefits.. Description: Relative to insurance plans that cover maternity benefits.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to financial disclosures by legislators.. Description: Relative to financial disclosures by legislators.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the Honor and Remember Flag.. Description: Relative to the Honor and Remember Flag.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a nursing review subcommittee.. Description: Establishing a nursing review subcommittee.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the task force on work and family.. Description: Relative to the task force on work and family.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the effectiveness of outdoor therapy, art therapy, and music therapy as alternative covered treatments for individuals with post-traumatic stress disorder and substance abuse disorders.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the effectiveness of outdoor therapy, art therapy, and music therapy as alternative covered treatments for individuals with post-traumatic stress disorder and substance abuse disorders.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to residential child care licensing of child care institutions or agencies.. Description: Relative to residential child care licensing of child care institutions or agencies.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to study workplace safety in health care settings.. Description: Establishing a commission to study workplace safety in health care settings.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Crediting excess funds in the investor education fund to the FRM victim's fund.. Description: Crediting excess funds in the investor education fund to the FRM victim's fund.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the formula used to determine current use tax rates.. Description: Relative to the formula used to determine current use tax rates.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to alternative learning credit rules of the state board of education.. Description: Relative to alternative learning credit rules of the state board of education.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the public information and permitting functions of the office of the commissioner in the department of environmental services.. Description: Relative to the public information and permitting functions of the office of the commissioner in the department of environmental services.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study and make recommendations for changes to RSA 14-B and RSA 14-C and the ethics guidelines governing conflicts of interest by members of the general court.. Description: Establishing a committee to study and make recommendations for changes to RSA 14-B and RSA 14-C and the ethics guidelines governing conflicts of interest by members of the general court.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to an exception to the warning label requirement for opiates and requiring prescribers of opiates to get a verbal acknowledgment for an initial prescription.. Description: Relative to an exception to the warning label requirement for opiates and requiring prescribers of opiates to get a verbal acknowledgment for an initial prescription.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to immunity from arrest or prosecution for prostitution for seeking medical assistance for reporting certain crimes.. Description: Relative to immunity from arrest or prosecution for prostitution for seeking medical assistance for reporting certain crimes.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to disposal of abandoned cars.. Description: Relative to disposal of abandoned cars.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study charitable gaming.. Description: Establishing a committee to study charitable gaming.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to state board of education rulemaking regarding criminal history records checks.. Description: Relative to state board of education rulemaking regarding criminal history records checks.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring an annual report of the housing appeals board.. Description: Requiring an annual report of the housing appeals board.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming January 24 as Granny D. Day.. Description: Proclaiming January 24 as Granny D. Day.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to classification of certain employee positions.. Description: Relative to classification of certain employee positions.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the emergency medical services personnel licensure interstate compact.. Description: Repealing the emergency medical services personnel licensure interstate compact.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the child abuse and neglect central registry.. Description: Relative to the child abuse and neglect central registry.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to membership on the professional standards board.. Description: Relative to membership on the professional standards board.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to group II retirement system status for certain department of corrections officials.. Description: Relative to group II retirement system status for certain department of corrections officials.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the filing of administrative rules by state agencies.. Description: Relative to the filing of administrative rules by state agencies.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the safety of residents and employees in long-term care facilities.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the safety of residents and employees in long-term care facilities.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to protections under the use of cannabis for therapeutic purposes program.. Description: Relative to protections under the use of cannabis for therapeutic purposes program.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Designating a portion of state route 125 as Officer Stephen Arkell Memorial Highway.. Description: Designating a portion of state route 125 as Officer Stephen Arkell Memorial Highway.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study state regulation of net neutrality.. Description: Establishing a committee to study state regulation of net neutrality.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to telemedicine coverage and reimbursements.. Description: Relative to telemedicine coverage and reimbursements.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to violence in schools.. Description: Relative to violence in schools.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the advisory council on career and technical education.. Description: Relative to the advisory council on career and technical education.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Extending the reporting date of the commission to study school funding.. Description: Extending the reporting date of the commission to study school funding.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to a property tax relief program for qualifying residential property in a designated residential property revitalization zone.. Description: Relative to a property tax relief program for qualifying residential property in a designated residential property revitalization zone.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to authorizing the issuance of bonds or notes by a municipality.. Description: Relative to authorizing the issuance of bonds or notes by a municipality.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming August 31 as Overdose Awareness Day.. Description: Proclaiming August 31 as Overdose Awareness Day.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Adding the chancellor of the university system of New Hampshire to the department of business and economic affairs council of partner agencies.. Description: Adding the chancellor of the university system of New Hampshire to the department of business and economic affairs council of partner agencies.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to information submitted to the department of business and economic affairs regarding recruitment.. Description: Relative to information submitted to the department of business and economic affairs regarding recruitment.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the commission on interdisciplinary primary care workforce.. Description: Relative to the commission on interdisciplinary primary care workforce.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the reimbursement of costs of training nursing assistants.. Description: Relative to the reimbursement of costs of training nursing assistants.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to prohibited sexual contact involving persons in a position of authority.. Description: Relative to prohibited sexual contact involving persons in a position of authority.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to criminal threats to school safety.. Description: Relative to criminal threats to school safety.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to self-service storage insurance.. Description: Relative to self-service storage insurance.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Changing the requirement a member of the sponsoring charitable organization to be present during certain games of chance.. Description: Changing the requirement a member of the sponsoring charitable organization to be present during certain games of chance.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to e-delivery of insurance documents and commercial lines renewal notices.. Description: Relative to e-delivery of insurance documents and commercial lines renewal notices.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the addition of climate and environmental sciences to the criteria for an adequate education.. Description: Relative to the addition of climate and environmental sciences to the criteria for an adequate education.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to policies for students with head injuries.. Description: Relative to policies for students with head injuries.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certain expenditures by candidates and candidate committees.. Description: Relative to certain expenditures by candidates and candidate committees.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the duties and membership of the energy efficiency and sustainable energy board.. Description: Relative to the duties and membership of the energy efficiency and sustainable energy board.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to wanton waste of an animal and relative to contests for taking fur-bearing animals.. Description: Relative to wanton waste of an animal and relative to contests for taking fur-bearing animals.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Allowing seasonal docks on certain lots in the town of Freedom.. Description: Allowing seasonal docks on certain lots in the town of Freedom.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a statewide solid waste disposal reduction goal.. Description: Establishing a statewide solid waste disposal reduction goal.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the Pease development authority board of directors.. Description: Relative to the Pease development authority board of directors.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certification requirements for speech pathologists and relative to the use of ultrasound or electrical physical agent modalities by occupational therapists.. Description: Relative to certification requirements for speech pathologists and relative to the use of ultrasound or electrical physical agent modalities by occupational therapists.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certain unclassified positions in the department of health and human services.. Description: Relative to certain unclassified positions in the department of health and human services.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to licensure of physician assistants.. Description: Relative to licensure of physician assistants.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Adding physician assistants to the law governing advance directives.. Description: Adding physician assistants to the law governing advance directives.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring medication-assisted treatment for substance use disorders for prisoners incarcerated in a county correctional facility.. Description: Requiring medication-assisted treatment for substance use disorders for prisoners incarcerated in a county correctional facility.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to study the issue of unmarried cohabitants, domestic partnerships, and common law marriage.. Description: Establishing a committee to study the issue of unmarried cohabitants, domestic partnerships, and common law marriage.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to financial assistance for biomass and forest product workers.. Description: Relative to financial assistance for biomass and forest product workers.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Naming certain courtrooms in the tenth circuit district court and relative to circuit court, district and family division cases in Rockingham county.. Description: Naming certain courtrooms in the tenth circuit district court and relative to circuit court, district and family division cases in Rockingham county.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to interference with the enjoyment of a dwelling place.. Description: Relative to interference with the enjoyment of a dwelling place.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a committee to evaluate the Transportation Climate Initiative memorandum of understanding and associated modeling and scenarios.. Description: Establishing a committee to evaluate the Transportation Climate Initiative memorandum of understanding and associated modeling and scenarios.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Defining mobile service garages and relative to state vehicle inspection stations.. Description: Defining mobile service garages and relative to state vehicle inspection stations.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to road skill examinations for applicants licensed in foreign jurisdictions.. Description: Relative to road skill examinations for applicants licensed in foreign jurisdictions.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to access to crash data.. Description: Relative to access to crash data.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Exempting the department of transportation from the notice requirement for lessors of real or personal property owned by the state or its political subdivisions.. Description: Exempting the department of transportation from the notice requirement for lessors of real or personal property owned by the state or its political subdivisions.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to small unmanned aircraft.. Description: Relative to small unmanned aircraft.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the sunset provision for insurance coverage for oral anti-cancer therapies.. Description: Repealing the sunset provision for insurance coverage for oral anti-cancer therapies.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to coverage for certain biologically-based mental illnesses.. Description: Relative to coverage for certain biologically-based mental illnesses.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to specialty beverages.. Description: Relative to specialty beverages.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing minimum standards for insurance claim review and settlement practices.. Description: Establishing minimum standards for insurance claim review and settlement practices.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring insurance coverage for PFAS and PFC blood tests.. Description: Requiring insurance coverage for PFAS and PFC blood tests.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Decreasing the fee to file a petition for a declaratory ruling with the site evaluation committee.. Description: Decreasing the fee to file a petition for a declaratory ruling with the site evaluation committee.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a dock registration procedure.. Description: Establishing a dock registration procedure.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the authority of the department of environmental services for emergency action at hazardous dams.. Description: Relative to the authority of the department of environmental services for emergency action at hazardous dams.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to removing names from the voter checklist.. Description: Relative to removing names from the voter checklist.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing online voter registration.. Description: Authorizing online voter registration.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to enforcement of the state building code by municipalities and the state fire marshal.. Description: Relative to enforcement of the state building code by municipalities and the state fire marshal.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a peer support program in the department of health and human services.. Description: Relative to establishing a peer support program in the department of health and human services.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the commissioner of safety to appoint security officers at department facilities.. Description: Authorizing the commissioner of safety to appoint security officers at department facilities.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the administration of epinephrine.. Description: Relative to the administration of epinephrine.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to missing children.. Description: Relative to missing children.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to Medicare supplemental insurance.. Description: Relative to Medicare supplemental insurance.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to telemedicine and substance use disorder.. Description: Relative to telemedicine and substance use disorder.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to fees for the services of sheriffs and deputy sheriffs.. Description: Relative to fees for the services of sheriffs and deputy sheriffs.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to commercial drivers' licenses and driving under the influence while driving certain commercial motor vehicles.. Description: Relative to commercial drivers' licenses and driving under the influence while driving certain commercial motor vehicles.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to possessing controlled drugs for public health purposes.. Description: Relative to possessing controlled drugs for public health purposes.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to remedies for the sale of counterfeit motor vehicle airbags.. Description: Relative to remedies for the sale of counterfeit motor vehicle airbags.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the prohibition against displaying a revoked or suspended driver's license or permit and authorizing participation in state to state driver information and driver license data verification programs.. Description: Relative to the prohibition against displaying a revoked or suspended driver's license or permit and authorizing participation in state to state driver information and driver license data verification programs.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to including business impacts in department of transportation engineering and design plans.. Description: Relative to including business impacts in department of transportation engineering and design plans.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the adoption of federal requirements for motor carriers.. Description: Relative to the adoption of federal requirements for motor carriers.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to agricultural and farm motor vehicle plates.. Description: Relative to agricultural and farm motor vehicle plates.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to life insurance.. Description: Relative to life insurance.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to authorization to grow industrial hemp.. Description: Relative to authorization to grow industrial hemp.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to behavioral health services for children and certain revisions to notifications of discharge for individuals found incompetent to stand trial and nonemergency involuntary admissions revocation of conditional discharge.. Description: Relative to behavioral health services for children and certain revisions to notifications of discharge for individuals found incompetent to stand trial and nonemergency involuntary admissions revocation of conditional discharge.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to recovery of unauthorized payments by the state.. Description: Relative to recovery of unauthorized payments by the state.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the special fund for domestic violence programs, the public health services special fund, and the mosquito control fund.. Description: Relative to the special fund for domestic violence programs, the public health services special fund, and the mosquito control fund.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the penalty for escape.. Description: Relative to the penalty for escape.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to materials used in the construction or repair of state roads and establishing a committee to study issues relating to paving New Hampshire Route 111 in Hampstead and Atkinson.. Description: Relative to materials used in the construction or repair of state roads and establishing a committee to study issues relating to paving New Hampshire Route 111 in Hampstead and Atkinson.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Relative to Medicaid to schools.. Description: Relative to Medicaid to schools.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to prescription drug benefits paid by health plans and establishing the New Hampshire prescription drug competitive marketplace.. Description: Relative to prescription drug benefits paid by health plans and establishing the New Hampshire prescription drug competitive marketplace.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to transparency in prescription drug pricing and establishing a New Hampshire prescription drug affordability board.. Description: Relative to transparency in prescription drug pricing and establishing a New Hampshire prescription drug affordability board.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the pricing of generic prescription drugs.. Description: Relative to the pricing of generic prescription drugs.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the pharmacy anti-steering law.. Description: Relative to the pharmacy anti-steering law.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certain costs of the public utilities commission for participation in regional activities.. Description: Relative to certain costs of the public utilities commission for participation in regional activities.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to sharing voter registration information.. Description: Relative to sharing voter registration information.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the Interstate Compact on Child Placement.. Description: Relative to the Interstate Compact on Child Placement.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to adult protective services.. Description: Relative to adult protective services.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to contracting requirements for certain providers of child welfare services with the department of health and human services.. Description: Relative to contracting requirements for certain providers of child welfare services with the department of health and human services.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of cannabis for therapeutic purposes program.. Description: Relative to the use of cannabis for therapeutic purposes program.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to fraudulent impersonation using a social networking site.. Description: Relative to fraudulent impersonation using a social networking site.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to appeals under New Hampshire's Child Protection Act.. Description: Relative to appeals under New Hampshire's Child Protection Act.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to treatment alternatives to opioids.. Description: Relative to treatment alternatives to opioids.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of controlled drug analog.. Description: Relative to the definition of controlled drug analog.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to child sexual abuse prevention education and training.. Description: Relative to child sexual abuse prevention education and training.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a surcharge on certain saltwater licenses and establishing a fund for derelict fishing gear and coastal cleanup.. Description: Establishing a surcharge on certain saltwater licenses and establishing a fund for derelict fishing gear and coastal cleanup.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the municipal winter maintenance certification program.. Description: Relative to the municipal winter maintenance certification program.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to Medicaid coverage for child health and development.. Description: Relative to Medicaid coverage for child health and development.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to removal of abandoned or disabled vehicles by towing.. Description: Relative to removal of abandoned or disabled vehicles by towing.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to toll collection enforcement.. Description: Relative to toll collection enforcement.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to programs to aid veterans' access to employment, housing, health care, and college degrees.. Description: Relative to programs to aid veterans' access to employment, housing, health care, and college degrees.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to Holocaust and genocide studies legislation and establishing a commission to study genocide education.. Description: Relative to Holocaust and genocide studies legislation and establishing a commission to study genocide education.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the coastal program administered by the department of environmental services.. Description: Establishing the coastal program administered by the department of environmental services.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the board of medical imaging and radiation therapy.. Description: Relative to the board of medical imaging and radiation therapy.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to exemptions from prosecution for victims of human trafficking.. Description: Relative to exemptions from prosecution for victims of human trafficking.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the supreme court reporter and reports.. Description: Relative to the supreme court reporter and reports.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Requiring a penalty assessment on violation-level offenses.. Description: Requiring a penalty assessment on violation-level offenses.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to suspension or revocation of motor carrier privileges for default, noncompliance, or nonpayment of fine.. Description: Relative to suspension or revocation of motor carrier privileges for default, noncompliance, or nonpayment of fine.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to mental health and substance use disorder insurance coverage.. Description: Relative to mental health and substance use disorder insurance coverage.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the definition of health care facility under the state board of fire control.. Description: Relative to the definition of health care facility under the state board of fire control.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to enhanced penalties based on prior convictions for driving under the influence of drugs or liquor.. Description: Relative to enhanced penalties based on prior convictions for driving under the influence of drugs or liquor.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a commission to review drug overdose fatality information and data.. Description: Establishing a commission to review drug overdose fatality information and data.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the charter for Brewster Academy.. Description: Relative to the charter for Brewster Academy.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the authority of the department of administrative services, division of personnel.. Description: Relative to the authority of the department of administrative services, division of personnel.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Regulating products containing kratom.. Description: Regulating products containing kratom.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to employers provision of reasonable accommodations for pregnant employees.. Description: Relative to employers provision of reasonable accommodations for pregnant employees.
In 2020, New Hampshire engrossed a bill titled: Relative to criminal background checks for school bus drivers.. Description: Relative to criminal background checks for school bus drivers.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Memorializing A. Richard Marple.. Description: Memorializing A. Richard Marple.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Memorializing James Whittemore.. Description: Memorializing James Whittemore.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Memorializing Vincent Paul Migliore.. Description: Memorializing Vincent Paul Migliore.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Affirming revenue estimates for fiscal years 2020 and 2021.. Description: Affirming revenue estimates for fiscal years 2020 and 2021.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Honoring victims of racial violence.. Description: Honoring victims of racial violence.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Memorializing victims of Covid 19.. Description: Memorializing victims of Covid 19.
In 2020, New Hampshire passed a bill titled: Awarding the New Hampshire Medal of Honor to Captain Ryan S. Phaneuf of Hudson, New Hampshire.. Description: Awarding the New Hampshire Medal of Honor to Captain Ryan S. Phaneuf of Hudson, New Hampshire.
