Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Ohio:

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Relative to mileage reimbursement.. Description: Relative to mileage reimbursement.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Relative to the election of the assistant speaker pro tempore, the majority floor leader, the assistant majority floor leader, and the majority whips for the 136th General Assembly of Ohio.. Description: Relative to the election of the assistant speaker pro tempore, the majority floor leader, the assistant majority floor leader, and the majority whips for the 136th General Assembly of Ohio.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Relative to the election of the assistant minority leader, the minority whip, and the assistant minority whip for the 136th General Assembly of Ohio.. Description: Relative to the election of the minority leader for the 136th General Assembly of Ohio.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Relative to the election of the Clerk of the House of Representatives.. Description: Relative to the election of the assistant minority leader, the minority whip, and the assistant minority whip for the 136th General Assembly of Ohio.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Relative to employment and compensation of employees of the House of Representatives preparatory to and during House organization.. Description: Relative to the election of the Clerk of the House of Representatives.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: To provide for the offering of the pledge of allegiance to the flag by the members of the House of Representatives at the opening session of each week.. Description: Relative to employment and compensation of employees of the House of Representatives preparatory to and during House organization.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Relative to attendance at conferences and meetings.. Description: To provide for the offering of the pledge of allegiance to the flag by the members of the House of Representatives at the opening session of each week.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Relative to certain letters to be signed by the Speaker of the House on behalf of the House and sent to persons or groups in lieu of any resolutions on the subject.. Description: Relative to attendance at conferences and meetings.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Relative to the appointment and salaries of the officials and employees of the House of Representatives and empowering theÂ Majority Caucus Chief of Staff andÂ Chief Administrative Officer to take administrative actions on behalf of the House.. Description: Relative to certain letters to be signed by the Speaker of the House on behalf of the House and sent to persons or groups in lieu of any resolutions on the subject.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Honoring Cheffy Drugs on its Centennial.. Description: Honoring Cheffy Drugs on its Centennial.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Relative to the salaries of the officials and employees of the Senate.. Description: Relative to the salaries of the officials and employees of the Senate.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Honoring Michelle Huang on winning a silver medal at the 2024 Pan American Kung Fu Championships.. Description: Honoring Michelle Huang on winning a silver medal at the 2024 Pan American Kung Fu Championships.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: In memory of Ben Espy.. Description: In memory of Ben Espy.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Honoring Phil Cummins for years of stalwart service to the Legislative Service Commission.. Description: Honoring Phil Cummins for years of stalwart service to the Legislative Service Commission.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Honoring Tom Hamilton on receiving the 2025 National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum Ford C. Frick Award.. Description: Honoring Tom Hamilton on receiving the 2025 National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum Ford C. Frick Award.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Honoring St. Peter Catholic Church on its Sesquicentennial.. Description: Honoring St. Peter Catholic Church on its Sesquicentennial.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Honoring Tiffin-Seneca Izaak Walton League of America Chapter 37-107 on its Centennial.. Description: Honoring Tiffin-Seneca Izaak Walton League of America Chapter 37-107 on its Centennial.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Honoring the Indian Valley High School football team on securing the 2024 Division IV State Championship.. Description: Honoring the Indian Valley High School football team on securing the 2024 Division IV State Championship.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Relative to a committee to wait upon the Governor to let him know the 136th General Assembly is in session.. Description: Relative to a committee to wait upon the Governor to let him know the 136th General Assembly is in session.

In 2025, Ohio passed a bill titled: Relative to the appointment of a joint committee to attend the inauguration of the President of the United States. Description: Relative to the appointment of a joint committee to attend the inauguration of the President of the United States

In 2025, Ohio engrossed a bill titled: To delegate to the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives authority to designate groups of members to prepare arguments for and against amendments to the Ohio Constitution proposed by the General Assembly; a person or persons to prepare an argument for any law, section, or item submitted to the electors by referendum petition; and a person or persons to prepare an argument against any constitutional amendment or law proposed by initiative petition.. Description: To delegate to the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives authority to designate groups of members to prepare arguments for and against amendments to the Ohio Constitution proposed by the General Assembly; a person or persons to prepare an argument for any law, section, or item submitted to the electors by referendum petition; and a person or persons to prepare an argument against any constitutional amendment or law proposed by initiative petition.

