Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Oregon:
In 2025, Oregon passed a bill titled: Adjourning the organizational session of the Eighty-third Legislative Assembly.. Description: Ends org. session. (Flesch Readability Score: 90.9). Adjourns the organizational session of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Eighty-third Legislative Assembly. Provides that the Eighty-third Legislative Assembly shall convene in regular session on January 21, 2025.
In 2025, Oregon passed a bill titled: Establishing deadlines for the completion of legislative measures for the 2025 regular session of the Eighty-third Legislative Assembly.. Description: The measure sets dates for when bills must move through the Senate and the House during the 2025 session. (Flesch Readability Score: 71.7). Establishes deadlines for the completion of legislative measures for the 2025 regular session of the Eighty-third Legislative Assembly.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Adjourning sine die the 2024 special session of the Eighty-second Legislative Assembly.. Description: Ends session. (Flesch Readability Score: 77.9). Adjourns sine die the 2024 special session of the Eighty-second Legislative Assembly.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act makes budget changes for the current biennium. (Flesch Readability Score: 66.1). Appropriates moneys from the General Fund to the State Forestry Department. Modifies certain biennial appropriations made from the General Fund to specified state agencies and the Emergency Board. Establishes and modifies limitations on expenditures for certain biennial expenses for specified state agencies. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to specialty courts; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act creates the Task Force on Specialty Courts and tells the task force to report to the legislature by November 15, 2024. The Act takes effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.6). [Digest: The Act creates the Task Force on Specialty Courts and tells the task force to report to the legislature by September 15, 2024. The Act takes effect on the 91st day after sine die. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.1).] Establishes the Task Force on Specialty Courts. Directs the task force to study certain issues concerning specialty courts and to provide the results of the study to the interim committees of the Legislative Assembly related to the judiciary no later than [September] November 15, 2024. Sunsets on December 31, 2024. [Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the addiction crisis in this state; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act makes changes to laws to make it easier to get treatment for substance use problems. The Act changes drug laws. The Act takes effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 87.1). Prohibits insurers from requiring prior authorization or other utilization review for coverage of substance use disorder medications. Specifies exceptions. Requires coordinated care organizations to provide to members medications for treatment of opioid use disorder and any co-occurring substance use disorder or mental health condition. Prohibits coordinated care organizations and public payers of health insurance from requiring prior authorization for medication-assisted treatment. Allows pharmacists to prescribe and dispense early refills of medication for opioid use disorder under specified conditions. Allows pharmacists to have on-site prescription drug lockers without obtaining a license or registration from the State Board of Pharmacy. Requires coordinated care organizations to have adequate networks of addiction treatment providers. Directs the Alcohol and Drug Policy Commission to conduct a study related to access to opioid use disorder treatment and interventions. Requires commission to report recommendations to Legislative Assembly to address barriers to accessing opioid use disorder treatment and interventions. Establishes a certified community behavioral health clinic program in the Oregon Health Authority and specifies the requirements for the program. Establishes the Joint Task Force on Regional Behavioral Health Accountability to make recommendations to the Legislative Assembly to improve the governance of behavioral health systems and strengthen evidence-based and equitable funding decisions and accountability of behavioral health systems. Sunsets January 2, 2026. Establishes the Task Force on Improving the Safety of Behavioral Health Workers to make recommendations to the Legislative Assembly to address the safety concerns that are prevalent in the behavioral health industry. Sunsets January 2, 2026. Establishes the United We Heal Medicaid Payment Program in the authority to provide supplemental medical assistance payments to behavioral health providers to enable the providers to access enhanced apprenticeship and training programs and opportunities by participating in a labor-management training trust. Modifies the definition of "delivery" for purposes of the Uniform Controlled Substance Act. Increases presumptive sentences when unlawful delivery of a controlled substance occurs in specified locations. Increases penalties for unlawful possession of a controlled substance on September 1, 2024. Designates crime as a drug enforcement misdemeanor and specifies sentence. Creates a new form of conditional discharge for drug enforcement misdemeanors and establishes processes for sealing records related to the crime. Establishes the Oregon Behavioral Health Deflection Program consisting of grants awarded to fund deflection programs. Directs the Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to track data including arrests and prosecutions for possession and delivery crimes and data concerning deflection program outcomes. Increases the number of hours a person can be held in a facility when admitted to the facility due to intoxication or being under the influence of controlled substances. Authorizes members of a mobile crisis intervention team to take a person to a sobering facility or appropriate facility. Modifies immunity from civil and criminal liability for certain persons involved in the provision of treatment. Establishes the Oregon Jail-Based Medications for Opioid Use Disorder Grant Program. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to medical examiners; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act tells a state agency to study the shortage of MEs in this state. The Act tells the agency to provide the results of the study to the legislature by October 1, 2024. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.0). Directs the Department of State Police to study the causes of and ways to address the medical examiner shortage, and to provide the results of the study to the appropriate interim committees of the Legislative Assembly no later than October 1, 2024. Sunsets on January 2, 2025. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unlawful employment of minors; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act changes the state law that governs civil penalties imposed against a person who violates child labor laws. The Act goes into effect 91 days after session ends. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.8). [Digest: The Act changes the state law that governs when BOLI can impose civil penalties against a person who violates child labor laws. The Act goes into effect 91 days after session ends. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.0).] Increases civil penalties for violating child labor laws. Allows the Commissioner of the Bureau of Labor and Industries to impose civil penalties against a person for violating the child labor laws when the person has paid a civil penalty to the United States Department of Labor for a violation involving the same facts. Removes the requirement for the commissioner to refund any previously assessed civil penalties against the person when the person has already paid a civil penalty to the United States Department of Labor. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to submitting surety bonds in lieu of retainage; declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires state agencies to accept surety bonds from people who perform construction work for the state, instead of holding onto some of the money the agencies owe for the work, in order to make sure the work is done correctly. Gives a form for the surety bond. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.5). Requires a contracting agency to accept from contractors surety bonds in lieu of retainage for construction projects and public improvement contracts. Specifies requirements for submitting surety bonds. Specifies relations between a contractor and a subcontractor when the contractor submits a surety bond on behalf of the subcontractor. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to long term care facilities.. Description: The Act extends the assessment on nursing homes for six years. (Flesch Readability Score: 80.3). Extends the long term care assessment from July 1, 2026, to June 30, 2032.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act makes changes to laws about prescription drugs and some health care providers. The Act says the Oregon State Hospital does not have to do certain things about staffing. The Act changes the term "physician assistant" to "physician associate." (Flesch Readability Score: 62.1). Specifies that flavoring of a prescription drug is not compounding. Exempts the Oregon State Hospital from certain hospital staffing requirements. Removes requirement that an applicant for licensure as a licensed professional counselor or therapist submit a professional disclosure statement. Changes the term "physician assistant" to "physician associate." Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to reimbursement of clinician-administered prescription drugs.. Description: The Act does not allow an insurer to make a health care provider purchase a drug at a certain pharmacy if the provider is giving the drug to a patient in certain settings. The Act also applies to other types of entities that pay for health care. (Flesch Readability Score: 62.3). [Digest: The Act does not allow an insurer to make a person enrolled in a health benefit plan go to a certain pharmacy in some circumstances for certain types of drugs. The Act also applies to other types of entities that pay for health care. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.2).] Prohibits issuers of health benefit plans, health care service contractors or multiple employer welfare arrangements from requiring that drugs that are administered by [a] health care [provider] providers in specified settings be dispensed at a certain pharmacy or by a pharmacy that is in the provider's network[, under specified circumstances].
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Alice Bartelt, 1947-2023.. Description: Honors the life and memory of Alice Bartelt. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.2). In memoriam: Alice Bartelt, 1947-2023.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to battery energy storage systems; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Permits a person who wants to build a battery energy storage system (BESS) to choose to use EFSC for the siting of the BESS. Permits the ruling body of a local body after talking with the person who wants to build a BESS to choose to use EFSC for the siting of the BESS. Permits a BESS to be built and run without its own site certificate if the BESS is subject to the site certificate of another energy facility. Defines BESS. The Act takes effect on the 91st day after sine die. (Flesch Readability Score: 64.0). Permits a developer of a facility or the governing body of a local government after consulting with the developer to elect to defer regulatory authority to the Energy Facility Siting Council for the siting of a battery energy storage system. Permits a battery energy storage system that is under the regulatory authority of the Energy Facility Siting Council to be constructed and operated without a separate site certificate if the battery energy storage system is subject to a site certificate for another energy facility. Defines "battery energy storage system." Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to natural resources; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act makes certain changes to a program for planned fires. The Act directs an agency to extend the deadline for a grant program for protecting homes from fire. The Act directs agencies to report on creating a program for protecting homes from fire. (Flesch Readability Score: 70.8). [Digest: The Act makes certain changes to a program for planned fires. The Act directs an agency to extend the deadline for a grant program for protecting homes from fire. The Act directs agencies to report on creating a program for protecting homes from fire. The Act creates a fund related to responding to wildfire smoke. (Flesch Readability Score: 71.3).] Makes certain changes to the Prescribed Fire Liability Pilot Program. Directs the Department of Consumer and Business Services to allow a person to apply for a grant under the Fire Hardening Grant Program on or before December 31, 2025. Directs the Department of Consumer and Business Services and the Department of the State Fire Marshal to report, on or before September 15, 2024, to committees or interim committees of the Legislative Assembly related to natural resources on a proposal for a proactive home hardening program. [Establishes the Smoke Preparedness and Response Fund in the State Treasury. Continuously appropriates moneys in the fund to the Department of Environmental Quality for assistance with community smoke response plans.] Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to presidential electors; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act sets the date, time and processes for the meeting of electors of the President and Vice President of the United States. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.7). Provides for the date and time of the convening of electors of the President and Vice President of the United States. Requires the Secretary of State to preside over the convening of electors and to act on behalf of the electors for any duties placed on the electors under federal or state law. Requires the Governor and the Secretary of State to issue a certificate of ascertainment of appointment of electors in accordance with federal law. Establishes the time, date and process for filling any vacancy in the office of elector. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to notaries public.. Description: The Act makes all people who apply to be a notary public take a course before taking the required test. (Flesch Readability Score: 64.6). Requires an applicant for a commission as a notary public to complete a course of study offered by the Secretary of State before taking the required examination, even if the applicant already holds a commission in Oregon.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to campaign finance; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act creates campaign giving and spending limits and new disclosure laws on campaign giving and spending. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.1). [Digest: Tells the Secretary of State to study money in voting. (Flesch Readability Score 61.3).] [Requires the Secretary of State to study how best to improve the campaign finance system in the State of Oregon. Directs the secretary to submit findings to the interim committees of the Legislative Assembly related to campaign finance not later than September 15, 2025.] Establishes political campaign contribution limits applicable to candidates, political committees and membership organizations. Authorizes local governments to establish lower limits for local elections. Requires specified persons to report the original sources of funds used to pay for candidate campaign independent expenditures. Creates exceptions where reporting need not occur or, for donations under $5,000, where less information is reported. Directs the Secretary of State to develop a web-based campaign finance dashboard to be used to disclose campaign contributions, independent expenditures and other specified data to enhance transparency and to foster research on campaign finance. Requires the disclosure of specified information on certain political advertising. Requires public office incumbents who intend to seek reelection to file nominating petitions or declarations of candidacy at least seven days prior to the filing deadline applicable to nonincumbents. Modifies penalties to ensure compliance with the new campaign finance and disclosure requirements. Provides that the contribution limits become operative on January 1, 2027, and that the enhanced campaign contribution and independent expenditure reporting requirements become operative on January 1, 2028. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to elections; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act states how certain UGB changes are to be reviewed. (Flesch Readability Score: 87.9). [Digest: Tells the Secretary of State to study voting. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.2).] [Requires the Secretary of State to study how to improve voter access in this state. Directs the secretary to submit the findings to the interim committees of the Legislative Assembly related to elections not later than September 15, 2025.] Limits the review of certain local government proposals to modify the local government's urban growth boundary to the process outlined in statute. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public records; declaring an emergency.. Description: Makes local governments keep some tax data and records secret in the same way DOR keeps records or data secret. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.6). [Digest: Requires PRAC to study public records and submit a report. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.3).] [Requires the Public Records Advisory Council to study public records. Directs the council to submit findings to the interim committees of the Legislative Assembly related to rules not later than September 15, 2026.] Applies confidentiality requirements to local government agencies that collect, administer or manage certain local taxes in the same manner the requirements apply to the Department of Revenue for public records disclosure or other reasons. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to connection to federal tax law; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Updates the tie date to the federal Internal Revenue Code and other federal tax laws. Becomes law 91 days from sine die. (Flesch Readability Score: 64.9). Updates the connection date to the federal Internal Revenue Code and other provisions of federal tax law. Removes impermissible provision for continuing update to federal law property tax definitions. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unemployment insurance taxes; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act allows more employment taxes to be used by the Employment Department. The Act takes effect on the 91st day after session ends. (Flesch Readability Score: 67.7). Increases the proportion of employer tax revenues paid into the Supplemental Employment Department Administration Fund. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to economic development; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act would change how applications for broadband grant programs are reviewed. The Act would make the Oregon State Fair and Expo Center eligible for a grant award to make up for COVID losses. The Act takes effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 77.4). [Digest: The Act requires a study of the state economy. A report will be submitted by September 15 of next year. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.5).] [Requires the Oregon Business Development Department to study economic development in Oregon. Directs the department to submit a report of the study to the interim committees of the Legislative Assembly related to economic development no later than September 15, 2025.] Changes the process for reviewing applications for broadband grant programs. Makes the Oregon State Fair and Expo Center eligible for a grant award under section 9, chapter 546, Oregon Laws 2023. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to animal cruelty; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act creates a new crime of interfering with an animal cruelty investigation. The Act makes certain changes to current animal cruelty laws. The Act allows a person who is banned from owning or living with an animal to ask to change the ban. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.0). Creates the crime of interfering with an investigation into an offense against an animal. Punishes by a maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, a $6,250 fine, or both. Establishes certain changes related to the crime of animal abuse in the first degree. Establishes certain changes related to the crime of aggravated animal abuse in the first degree. Establishes certain changes related to the crime of animal neglect in the first degree. Prohibits a person convicted of violating certain animal cruelty statutes from possessing or residing with an animal of the same genus against which the crime was committed or a domestic animal for a certain period of time. Punishes a violation of a prohibition by a maximum of six months' imprisonment, a $2,500 fine, or both. Allows a person subject to a prohibition to request changes to the prohibition under certain circumstances. Punishes a violation of an amended order of prohibition by a maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, a $6,250 fine, or both. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to adjustments in classifications under the Public Employees Retirement System.. Description: The Act makes district attorneys, and some forensic science workers who work for OSP, police officers under PERS. The Act lowers the age at which some police and firefighters can retire. The Act makes a new class of employees in PERS for people who work in hazardous positions. The Act allows those people to retire earlier with higher pensions. The Act makes PERS do studies and reports to the Legislative Assembly. (Flesch Readability Score: 62.9). Provides that district attorneys, and forensic scientists and evidence technicians employed by the Department of State Police, qualify as police officers under the Public Employees Retirement System. Lowers the normal retirement age for police officers and firefighters under the Oregon Public Service Retirement Plan. Establishes a new class of hazardous positions under the Public Employees Retirement System and provides increased retirement benefits to members employed in hazardous positions. Requires the Public Employees Retirement Board to study the likely liability of participating employers for members in hazardous positions and report to appropriate interim committees of the Legislative Assembly no later than September 15, 2028. Requires the board to report to a committee of the Legislative Assembly during each odd-numbered year regular session on progress toward implementing new benefits for members in hazardous positions.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to property tax foreclosure surplus; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act would require counties to set up a way to handle surplus proceeds from tax lien foreclosure sales. The Act would pause the transfer to counties of deeds to foreclosed property. The Act would make the Department of Revenue work with county tax officers to set up a uniform way to handle the surpluses. The Act would require a report from the department with suggestions for bills for the 2025 session. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.6). [Digest: The Act lets people claim a tax foreclosure surplus. (Flesch Readability Score: 75.5).] [Allows former owner, or their heirs or successors, to claim from the county any surplus from a property tax foreclosure. Establishes conditions and time limitations for making a claim. Requires county tax foreclosure notices to include information about claims.] Requires counties to establish a process for handling the surplus proceeds from property tax lien foreclosure sales. Suspends the operation of the statute under which deeds to such properties are conveyed to the counties through December 31, 2025. Directs the Department of Revenue to coordinate with county tax officers to determine a detailed uniform process for handling surplus proceeds that complies with the United States Supreme Court in Tyler v. Hennepin County, Minnesota, 598 U.S. 631 (2023). Requires the department to submit a report containing the determinations and recommendations for legislation to the Legislative Assembly not later than September 15, 2024. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to regulated real estate activities.. Description: The Act adds laws about residential property wholesalers. The Act changes laws about real estate licensees. The Act adds new defined terms. The Act defines "future right to list contract" and states that a real estate licensee may not take certain actions if the contract lasts more than 24 months. (Flesch Readability Score: 67.2). Creates a residential property wholesaler registration. Prohibits residential property wholesaling without a registration. Provides exceptions. Punishes a violation by a maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, a $6,250 fine, or both. Creates civil penalties. Requires real estate licensees acting as buyer's agents to use a written buyer's representation agreement. Requires real estate licensees acting as seller's agents to use a written listing agreement. Requires real estate licensees to disclose shared compensation. Prohibits real estate licensees from entering into long-term agreements that require buyers or sellers to use their services in the future.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to brassica production in the Willamette Valley Protected District; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act keeps limits on producing canola in certain areas. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.5). [Digest: The Act keeps limits on producing canola in certain areas. The Act makes certain changes to the limits. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 70.4).] Extends the sunset on provisions relating to limits on Willamette Valley Protected District canola production to January 2, 2028. [Changes the definition of "canola." Provides that isolation distances must equal or exceed customary isolation distances.] Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act makes counties plan for areas of Metro that are not in a city. The Act lets home builders use updated local rules. The Act lets real estate agents accept love letters. The Act amends middle housing land divisions. The Act lets city staff grant or end tax exemption for single-unit housing. (Flesch Readability Score: 73.1). [Digest: The Act makes counties plan for areas of Metro that are not in a city. The Act lets home builders use updated local rules. The Act lets real estate agents accept love letters. The Act amends middle housing land divisions and mobile home registrations. The Act lets city staff grant or end tax exemption for single-unit housing. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.8).] Requires Metro counties to plan for the housing needs of Metro urban unincorporated lands. Allows a housing developer with a pending application to opt in to amended local land use regulations. Allows sellers' real estate agents to accept irregular documents from buyers. Allows middle housing land partitions of certain parcels in the year that the parcel was created. [Removes requirements that a manufactured dwelling owner register the dwelling with the Department of Consumer and Business Services or cancel the registration before obtaining a mortgage recorded in the county real property records. Allows owner to record an affidavit to affix the dwelling to real property.] Allows a city to administratively approve or terminate the property tax exemption for single-unit housing. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to offshore wind energy development; declaring an emergency.. Description: States a state policy on offshore wind energy. Tells the state agency on energy to make a road map on standards for offshore wind energy. Makes a person involved in an offshore wind energy or port project meet certain labor and supply chain standards. Tells the state agency on land use to assess state policies that may be used in federal reviews of offshore wind leasing decisions. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.0). Declares a state policy to support engagement between offshore wind developers and impacted organizations, communities and tribes. Declares a state policy regarding offshore wind energy development and labor and supply chain standards. Declares a state policy that the interconnection of offshore energy projects be carried out in a manner that promotes electric grid reliability and resilience. Directs the Land Conservation and Development Commission to exercise its rulemaking authority to support these state policies. Directs the State Department of Energy to develop an Offshore Wind Roadmap that defines standards to be considered in the processes related to offshore wind energy development and approval. Requires a developer or contractor involved in an offshore wind energy project, port development project that is necessary for the development of an offshore wind energy project or project related to manufacturing or supply chain that is located on port property and that facilitates the construction, operation or maintenance of an offshore wind energy project to meet certain labor and supply chain standards. Allows a developer or contractor to use a workforce development agreement to comply with the requirements. Directs the Department of Land Conservation and Development to conduct an assessment of the state enforceable policies that may be used in the federal consistency review of offshore wind leasing decisions and related actions. Directs the department to submit a report on the department's activities to the interim committees of the Legislative Assembly related to marine renewable energy and coastal resources not later than September 1, 2025. Modifies certain biennial appropriation made from the General Fund to the Department of Land Conservation and Development. Modifies limitation on expenditures for certain biennial expenses for the Bureau of Labor and Industries. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to emergency medical services; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act makes a program and an advisory board in the Oregon Health Authority to make it easier to get fast health care. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.4). Establishes the Emergency Medical Services Program and Emergency Medical Services Advisory Board within the Oregon Health Authority. Directs the authority to designate emergency medical services regions within the state. Directs the authority to designate emergency medical services centers for the provision of specific types of emergency care. Requires the program to establish and maintain an emergency medical services data system. Becomes operative on January 1, 2025. Repeals existing State Trauma Advisory Board and related boards. Becomes operative on January 1, 2027. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to funding for expanded learning opportunities; declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs ODE to fund summer learning programs and to study how to provide learning during nonschool hours. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.1). Requires the Department of Education to establish and administer the Summer Learning Grant program. Establishes requirements of the program. Directs the department to study and propose recommendations to develop an initiative that addresses education disparities through increased summer and after-school learning opportunities. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the removal of thermal coal from the State Treasury investment portfolio.. Description: The Act tells the State Treasurer to stop investing moneys in companies that deal in thermal coal. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.1). Directs the Oregon Investment Council and the State Treasurer to make efforts to eliminate certain investments in thermal coal companies. Provides that divestments must be accomplished without monetary loss to the investment funds. Provides that investments may be retained in a thermal coal company that is transitioning to clean energy. Requires an annual report to the Legislative Assembly on actions taken pursuant to this Act.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the education of foster children; declaring an emergency.. Description: Creates a program for the education of students who are foster children. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.7). Directs the Department of Education to establish and administer a pilot program for students who are foster children. Sunsets the plan June 30, 2027. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to children; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act directs DHS to have a study done by someone else about how reports of child abuse are looked into in this state. The Act directs DHS to have a study done by someone else about children who have shown problem sexual behaviors. The Act requires the people doing the studies to consult with groups for advice. (Flesch Readability Score: 67.6). Directs the Department of Human Services to commission a study, to be conducted by a facilitator who specializes in public policy, in consultation with an advisory committee, on the scope of child abuse investigations in Oregon. Requires that the department's contract with the facilitator must include the preparation and submission of a report to the interim committees on child welfare no later than September 15, 2025. Directs the department to commission a study to be conducted by a facilitator who specializes in public policy, in consultation with an advisory committee, to study the statewide response to children exhibiting problematic sexual behavior. Requires that the department's contract with the facilitator must include the preparation and submission of a report to interim legislative committees no later than September 15, 2025. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to behavioral health; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act requires the OHA to study how much money local mental health programs need to comply with state laws. The Act requires the OHA to contract with a certain council to work with a group of people who provide mental health and substance use treatment. The Act requires the group to study the impact of state laws on the providers' ability to do their jobs. The Act requires the council to report to the legislature, by certain dates, the group's findings and any ideas for changes to state laws. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 67.2). Requires the Oregon Health Authority to conduct a study to determine the funding required for each community mental health program to provide the services and perform the functions required by law related to individuals with behavioral health disorders in specified age groups. Requires the authority to compile a report of the findings from the study by January 1, 2025, and every five years thereafter. Requires the authority to contract with the Oregon Council for Behavioral Health to work with a group of mental health and substance use treatment providers to study the statutory and regulatory framework for behavioral health systems and make recommendations for changes to the laws to address redundancies, contradictions and outdated language, to define and clarify the roles and responsibilities of behavioral health system partners and to ensure a regulatory framework that is better for providers and consumers of behavioral health services. Specifies the membership and duties of the group. Requires the group to submit reports to the Legislative Assembly no later than December 15, 2024, and December 15, 2025. Sunsets January 2, 2026. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to child care; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act would create the CHIPS Child Care Fund. The Act would tell the Oregon Business Development Department to work with the Bureau of Labor and Industries to make a program to help fund child care. The Act would create a work group related to funding child care. (Flesch Readability Score: 76.0). Establishes the CHIPS Child Care Fund. Appropriates moneys from the General Fund to the Oregon Business Development Department for deposit in the CHIPS Child Care Fund. Directs the department to enter into an interagency agreement with the Bureau of Labor and Industries to develop and administer a financial support program for the construction workforce. Directs the department to establish a work group to adopt recommendations for requiring certain businesses to make a financial contribution to the CHIPS Child Care Fund. Requires work group to report to the committees of the Legislative Assembly related to child care and workforce development by November 15, 2024. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to natural climate solutions; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: This Act specifies the sources of moneys in the Natural and Working Lands Fund. (Flesch Readability Score: 71.7). Specifies the sources of moneys in the Natural and Working Lands Fund. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to electric assisted bicycles.. Description: The Act modifies the definition of e-bikes and adds definitions for Class 1, Class 2 and Class 3 e-bikes. (Flesch Readability Score: 78.2). [Digest: The Act states that kids under 16 years of age may ride Class 1 e-bikes. The Act also states that only those 16 years of age and older may operate Class 2 and Class 3 e-bikes. The Act creates the offense of unsafe e-bike riding. If a person violates the law, the person could face a fine of up to $100. (Flesch Readability Score: 73.4).] Modifies the definition of electric assisted bicycle for purposes of the Oregon Vehicle Code. Adds definitions of Class 1, Class 2 and Class 3 electric assisted bicycles. [Provides that children under 16 years of age may operate Class 1 electric assisted bicycles and provides that only persons 16 years of age and older may operate Class 2 and Class 3 electric assisted bicycles.] [Creates the offense of unsafe electric assisted bicycle riding. Punishes by maximum fine of $100.].
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Creates a new state holiday to teach people about a heart disease that is common but is also not often diagnosed. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.6). Designates the fourth Wednesday in February of each year as Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Awareness Day. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transportation; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act states that some aviation grant funds may be used for matching shares of any FAA grant and the funds are not limited to federal Airport Improvement Program grants. The Act changes photo radar laws. The Act makes more folks able to get family placards for their cars. The Act modifies the Charge Ahead Oregon Program. The Act tells ODOT to seek to work with the State of Idaho to get help from the FRA to study the chance of starting rail service again on the Pioneer Line. The Act tells ODOT to give the JCT a progress report before the end of the year. The Act becomes law 91 days from the last day of session. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.9). [Digest: The Act states that certain aviation grant funds may be used for matching shares of any FAA grant and the funds are not limited to federal Airport Improvement Program grants. The Act changes photo radar laws. Becomes law 91 days from sine die. (Flesch Readability Score: 68.3).] Provides that certain aviation grant funds may be used for matching shares of any Federal Aviation Administration grant available and the funds are not limited to federal Airport Improvement Program grants. Modifies photo radar laws. Expands eligibility for family placards. Modifies the Charge Ahead Oregon Program. Establishes the Charge Ahead Zero-Emission Incentive Fund. Directs the Department of Transportation to pursue cooperative efforts with the State of Idaho to apply for assistance from the Federal Railroad Administration to study potential for reestablishing service on the Amtrak Pioneer Line and submit a progress report to the Joint Committee on Transportation no later than December 31, 2024. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to farm machinery and equipment; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act makes all farm machinery tax exempt. (Flesch Readability Score: 66.1). Removes the requirement that farm machinery and equipment be tangible personal property for the purposes of exemption from ad valorem property taxation. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Deputy Allen Burdic (1955-2021) for his service to this state.. Description: Honors the life and memory of Allen Burdic. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.2). Recognizes and honors Deputy Allen Burdic for his service to this state.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the cost of health care.. Description: The Act applies to insurers and other entities that pay for drugs for people who have insurance. The Act requires insurers and others to count toward any costs that an insured person must pay for their drugs, the amounts paid from coupons or by other third parties. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.5). Requires an insurer, a pharmacy benefit manager[, the Public Employees' Benefit Board, the Oregon Educators Benefit Board] and a health care service contractor to count payments made by or on behalf of an enrollee for the costs of certain prescription drugs when calculating the enrollee's contribution to an out-of-pocket maximum, deductible, copayment, coinsurance or other required cost-sharing for the drugs.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to employment classification of certain strike-prohibited employees; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act modifies a defined term under PECBA. The Act restricts the makeup of certain collective bargaining units. The Act takes effect as soon as it is passed. (Flesch Readability Score: 70.4). [Digest: The Act modifies a defined term under PECBA. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.2).] Modifies the definition of "supervisory employee" to include certain employees and exclude certain strike-prohibited public employees. Limits the permissible composition of bargaining units regarding the inclusion of certain guards and police officers who serve in a rank that is equivalent to the rank of sergeant and subordinate employees. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public meetings; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows OGEC and OGEC staff to give advice on the public meetings law. (Flesch Readability Score: 69.9). Authorizes the Oregon Government Ethics Commission to issue advisory opinions on the application of the public meetings law to actual or hypothetical circumstances. Authorizes the executive director of the commission to issue staff advisory opinions or written or oral staff advice on the application of the public meetings law to actual or hypothetical circumstances. Permits other commission staff to issue written or oral staff advice on the public meetings law. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to student athletes; and declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act adds protections for payments related to student athletes. The Act declares an emergency. The Act becomes law when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 64.7). Enhances the protections for post-secondary institutions of education, student athletes and others regarding the provision of compensation for a student's name, image, likeness or athletic reputation. Requires a person who uses a student athlete's athletic reputation in or on certain products for the purpose of making a profit to provide royalty payments to the student athlete. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to cannabis; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act makes new laws about marijuana and hemp and changes some laws about marijuana and hemp. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.1). Directs the Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission, in consultation with the State Department of Agriculture, to create a map of locations of premises licensed to produce marijuana or industrial hemp. Allows law enforcement agencies to accompany the department to industrial hemp operations throughout the state for specified purposes. Directs the commission to adopt rules to establish standards for certain industrial hemp products. Directs the commission to establish a registration system for industrial hemp products that contain cannabinoids and are intended for human or animal consumption or use. Establishes a civil penalty not to exceed $10,000 for each violation. Becomes operative January 1, 2026. Establishes a per capita requirement for the issuance of marijuana licenses. Becomes operative January 1, 2025. Directs the commission to establish uniform standards for minor decoy operations to investigate sales of adult use cannabis items to minors. Becomes operative January 1, 2025. Directs the commission to adopt rules to issue a temporary permit to a qualified individual to perform work for or on behalf of a marijuana licensee or laboratory. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to fingerprint retention; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act tells OSP to join the FBI's Rap Back system for fingerprint criminal records checks. The Act says how agencies can use the Rap Back program. (Flesch Readability Score: 80.3). Directs the Department of State Police to establish a fingerprint retention system for participation in the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Rap Back system. Provides requirements for authorized agencies to participate in the Rap Back program. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to protections for warehouse workers.. Description: Makes quota guidelines for some warehouse workers. Not following this Act is a reason to make a claim to BOLI. (Flesch Readability Score: 69.7). Creates rules and standards for warehouse employees' quota requirements. Creates an exemption for certain employers who are subject to a collective bargaining agreement that meets certain criteria. Establishes a procedure through Bureau of Labor and Industries if employers violate the Act. Provides that an employer's failure to comply with requirements shall subject the employer to civil penalties. Modifies certain biennial appropriations made from the General Fund to the Bureau of Labor and Industries.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to in-home service providers.. Description: The Act requires OHA and DHS to contract with no more than two agencies to provide agency with choice services. The Act defines the services that must be provided and the rights of individuals who receive the services. The Act requires the OHA and DHS to adopt certain rules. The Act requires people who provide agency with choice services to report any suspected child abuse or neglect to the proper powers that be. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.9). Requires the Department of Human Services and the Oregon Health Authority to contract with no more than two agencies to provide agency with choice services to individuals who are older adults or who have disabilities. Specifies the duties of the agency providing agency with choice services and rights of the individuals who are receiving agency with choice services. Requires the department and the authority to adopt rules that contain specified provisions. Specifies that all agency with choice providers are mandatory reporters of abuse or neglect.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to marine reserves; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act makes ODFW, SFWC and DSL amend their marine reserve programs. (Flesch Readability Score: 74.8). Requires the State Department of Fish and Wildlife, the State Fish and Wildlife Commission and the Department of State Lands to implement the Ocean Policy Advisory Council recommendations to develop an adaptive management and social monitoring program to support marine reserves. Appropriates moneys to the State Department of Fish and Wildlife for the program. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; declaring an emergency.. Description: This Act makes OBDD give money to cities for infrastructure to support housing. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.4). [Digest: This Act makes DAS give money to cities for infrastructure to support housing. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.4).] Requires the [Oregon Department of Administrative Services]  Oregon Business Development Department to provide grants to cities for specified infrastructure projects that will benefit housing developments that will make at least 30 percent of the dwelling units affordable to workforce income households. Requires cities receiving grants to provide reports to the Oregon Business Development Department. Appropriates moneys to the Oregon Business Development Department. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act changes the laws about when a nurse has to have a license and gives money to Lane County to pay for same-day health care. (Flesch Readability Score: 73.0). [Digest: The Act changes the laws about nurse licenses, gives money to Lane County to pay for fast health care and tells the Oregon Health Authority to look at how to get health care. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.5).] Expands the exemption from the licensure requirement for certain nurses. [Directs the Oregon State Board of Nursing to issue a provisional license to an applicant for licensure.] Directs the Oregon Health Authority to enter into an agreement with Lane County Public Health and distribute to Lane County Public Health moneys for the purposes of funding same-day health care services. [Directs the authority to review access to urgent and immediate health care services and submit a report to the interim committees of the Legislative Assembly related to health care not later than September 15, 2024.] Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to high school diploma requirements.. Description: Allows a student who has finished an IB program to not have to meet some requirements for a high school diploma. (Flesch Readability Score: 64.6). Directs the State Board of Education to adopt rules by which a student who has completed an International Baccalaureate program may satisfy certain requirements for a high school diploma in this state.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act says the OLCC can let a person work before they get a real permit, makes some people apply for permits and lets the OLCC charge a new fee. (Flesch Readability Score: 74.8). Allows the Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission to issue [provisional] temporary service permits to an applicant for a service permit. Requires an applicant for a license that allows on-premises consumption to apply for a service permit if the applicant intends to offer alcoholic beverages for consumption on the licensed premises. Allows the commission to charge a fee for issuance or renewal of a third-party delivery facilitator service permit. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to victims; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act tells DOJ to include in future budget requests amounts to fund various programs that help victims of crime. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 70.3). [Digest: The Act gives money to the DOJ to fund various programs that help victims of crime. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 79.7).] [Appropriates moneys to the Department of Justice to fund certain programs that assist victims of crime.] Directs the Department of Justice to include in future budget requests amounts necessary to fund children's advocacy centers, the Survivor Housing Funds grant program and the Oregon Domestic and Sexual Violence Services Fund. Directs children's advocacy center directors to biennially submit to the department projected costs and estimates of other funding sources for the center. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Bill Bradbury, 1949-2023.. Description: Honors the life and memory of Bill Bradbury. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.2). In memoriam: Bill Bradbury, 1949-2023.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to animal crush videos.. Description: The Act creates new crimes concerning visual displays of animal abuse. The Act creates exceptions to the new crimes. The Act amends related animal cruelty laws. (Flesch Readability Score: 64.6). Criminalizes the creation of a visual recording of aggravated animal abuse. Punishes by a maximum of five years' imprisonment, $125,000 fine, or both. Creates the crime of encouraging aggravated animal abuse in the first degree. Punishes by a maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both. Creates the crime of encouraging aggravated animal abuse in the second degree. Punishes by a maximum of six months' imprisonment, $2,500 fine, or both. Establishes certain exceptions to the new crimes. Establishes certain changes related to a prohibition against possession of the same genus or domestic animal against which a crime was committed or involved.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to victims; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act allows petitions for certain abuse court orders to be filed in the county in which the abuse occurred. The Act also changes an element of a crime related to violating privacy. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.4). [Digest: The Act allows petitions for certain abuse court orders to be filed in the county in which the abuse occurred. The Act also changes the elements of two crimes related to violating privacy. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.4).] Provides that a petition for a Family Abuse Prevention Act order, Elderly Persons and Persons with Disabilities Abuse Prevention Act order or sexual abuse restraining order may be filed in the county in which the abuse occurred. Removes the requirement that a disclosed image be identifiable for purposes of the crime of unlawful dissemination of an intimate image. [Modifies the crime of invasion of privacy in the second degree to include the recording of a person who is dressing, undressing, bathing or toileting in an area in which the person has a reasonable expectation of privacy.] Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school buses.. Description: Authorizes the use of stop arm cameras on school buses to record people who do not stop for bus safety lights. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.6). Permits an education provider to have stop arm cameras on school buses for the purpose of recording persons who fail to stop for bus safety lights. Permits a law enforcement agency to issue a citation for failure to stop for bus safety lights based on photographs or video if certain other conditions are met.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pharmacy benefits; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act requires PBMs to be licensed and changes the definition of a PBM. The Act changes the way PBMs can audit drug stores. The Act requires PBMs to report certain information each year to DCBS. The Act makes changes to the way 340B drugs are covered by insurance. The Act protects certain information that is provided to or developed by the OPDP from being released to the public. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.3). Requires pharmacy benefit managers to be licensed by the Department of Consumer and Business Services beginning January 1, 2025. Modifies the definition of "pharmacy benefit manager" and imposes new requirements on pharmacy benefit managers. Restricts audits of pharmacy claims for reimbursement. Requires pharmacy benefit managers to report specified information to the department on an annual basis. Imposes new requirements with respect to the insurance coverage of 340B drugs. Protects from public disclosure certain information provided to or developed by the Oregon Prescription Drug Program. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to prescription monitoring program; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act allows for some doctors or people like doctors to be told when a patient overdoses on a drug. (Flesch Readability Score: 68.0). Authorizes the Oregon Health Authority or a third party to provide electronic notification to a practitioner in certain circumstances when the practitioner's patient has a fatal or nonfatal overdose. Limits the use and retention of practitioner information. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die. Sunsets January 1, 2028.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to youth behavioral health; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act makes a small group to look at the youth behavioral workforce. (Flesch Readability Score: 77.8). Directs the System of Care Advisory Council to establish a subcommittee on the youth behavioral health workforce. Requires the subcommittee to submit an initial report to the interim committees of the Legislative Assembly related to behavioral health not later than September 15, 2024, and a final report to the Legislative Assembly not later than December 15, 2025. Sunsets December 31, 2025. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to artificial intelligence; declaring an emergency.. Description: Creates a task force to look for and find words and meanings related to artificial intelligence that may be used in laws. Makes task force report its findings on or before December 1, 2024. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.1). Establishes the Task Force on Artificial Intelligence. Requires the task force to examine and identify terms and definitions related to artificial intelligence that may be used for legislation and report its findings and recommendations to the interim committee of the Legislative Assembly related to information management and technology on or before December 1, 2024. Sunsets the task force January 1, 2025. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to semiconductors; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Creates a fund to help the electronic chip industry. The Act becomes law 91 days after adjournment. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.8). Establishes the Semiconductor Talent Sustaining Fund [and subaccounts of the fund]. Requires the Higher Education Coordinating Commission to allocate moneys from the fund [and subaccounts] to provide education, training and research to assist the semiconductor industry. [Requires the commission to establish a statewide semiconductor industry consortium for the purpose of developing a comprehensive statewide strategy to guide investments and build educational pathways and research capacity for the semiconductor industry and to make recommendations to the commission on how best to allocate moneys in the Semiconductor Talent Sustaining Fund and subaccounts.] [Requires the consortium to submit a report to the Legislative Assembly every two years detailing progress and investments made to improve semiconductor education and research.] [Requires the commission to award a series of grants to identified entities.] Exempts some programs receiving federal financial assistance from certain provisions. Sunsets the Semiconductor Talent Sustaining Fund [and subaccounts] on January 2, 2030. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to stalking; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act makes changes to crimes related to stalking. The Act also changes the definitions for stalking laws. The Act takes effect on July 1, 2024. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.3). Modifies definitions pertaining to stalking orders and stalking offenses. [Increases penalties for] Expands the circumstances in which the crimes of stalking and violating a court's stalking protective order [in certain circumstances] constitute a felony offense. [Punishes by a maximum of 10 years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine, or both.] Takes effect July 1, 2024.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Establishing deadlines for presession-filed legislative measures for the 2025 regular session of the Eighty-third Legislative Assembly.. Description: Sets dates for early bill asks for 2025. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.2). Establishes deadlines for presession-filed legislative measures for the 2025 regular session of the Eighty-third Legislative Assembly.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sexual conduct involving a student; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Makes change for how long a person is considered a student for an act to be sexual conduct. Changes law on July 1, 2024. (Flesch Readability Score: 67.7). Modifies the length of time by which a person is considered a student for purposes of determining if conduct is prohibited sexual conduct. Takes effect July 1, 2024.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sexual misconduct at institutions of higher education; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act makes changes to a survey on sexual misconduct at colleges. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.7). [Removes the condition on reimbursement for expenses for nonlegislative members of the Sexual Misconduct Survey Council. Permits the council to distribute a sexual misconduct survey developed under federal law in lieu of the survey required under state law. Prohibits the data for an institution of higher education that contains 10 or fewer reports of sexual misconduct from being made available to the public.] Changes the exceptions for an institution of higher education employing at least one certified advocate for victim services. Limits the duration of the waiver to meet the requirements in a memorandum of understanding with a community-based domestic and sexual violence advocacy agency that may be issued to an institution of higher education. Limits the individuals who may issue a waiver from certain institution-sponsored programs or activities to students. Adds required data to the report on sexual misconduct submitted by each institution of higher education annually. Requires the delivery of the base survey by the council to institutions of higher education by the beginning of the 2025-2026 academic year. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Adjourning sine die the 2024 regular session of the Eighty-second Legislative Assembly.. Description: Ends session. (Flesch Readability Score: 77.9). Adjourns sine die the 2024 regular session of the Eighty-second Legislative Assembly.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act changes the recipient of a lottery bond. (Flesch Readability Score: 66.1). Modifies the recipient of revenues from a previously approved lottery bond. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act changes limits on the amounts that agencies may spend for building projects. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.7). Modifies limits on payment of expenses from specified funds by certain state agencies for capital construction. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act is a budget bill for an unspecified state agency. (Flesch Readability Score: 64.9). Establishes biennial appropriations and expenditure limitations for ______ for biennium ending June 30, 2025. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act is a budget bill for an unspecified state agency. (Flesch Readability Score: 64.9). Establishes biennial appropriations and expenditure limitations for ______ for the biennium ending June 30, 2025. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act changes the things that certain housing moneys can be spent on. The Act creates a new fund to hold deposits from private security companies. (Flesch Readability Score: 69.9). Modifies permissible purposes for amounts held in the Long-Term Rent Assistance Fund. Establishes an account to hold amounts submitted by private security entities as proof of ability to pay wages. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public meetings of educational institution boards.. Description: Requires most public schools and college boards to video record their meetings and post the meeting recordings on their websites and social media sites. This does not apply if a meeting is private or if a school district is very small. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.7). [Digest: Requires public schools and college boards to live stream their meetings and post the meeting recordings on their websites and social media sites. This does not apply if a meeting is private. Allows remote testimony for most school and college board meetings. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.7).] [Requires the governing bodies of school districts, education service districts, community college districts and public universities to live stream governing body meetings, if technically practicable, and to post the recordings of the meetings on their official public body websites or social media sites. Excepts executive sessions. Requires educational institution governing bodies to also permit witnesses to testify via telephonic, electronic or virtual means if meetings also permit in-person oral testimony.] Requires school districts, education service districts, community college districts and public universities to make video recordings of governing body meetings or, if the public body's facilities lack broadband Internet access, to make audio recordings, and to post the video or audio recordings, as applicable, of the meetings on their official public body websites or social media sites. Excepts executive sessions and does not apply to school districts with less than 50 students.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public health; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act makes a task force on community safety and suicide prevention. The Act provides money for research on those topics. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.2). Establishes the Task Force on Community Safety and Firearm Suicide Prevention and requires the task force to report to the interim committees of the Legislative Assembly related to health care. Appropriates money for research on gun violence and suicide prevention ordered by the task force. Sunsets on December 31, 2026. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pharmacy; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act temporarily lets pharmacists test a person for a virus and treat the person for the virus. The Act also tells some health insurers to pay the pharmacist who tests and treats the person. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.7). [Digest: The Act tells the Oregon Health Authority to pay a pharmacist who tests or treats a person for a virus. Lets a pharmacist test for and treat a virus. Starts on October 1, 2024, and ends on June 30, 2026. (Flesch Readability Score: 62.3).] Allows a pharmacist to test and prescribe, dispense and administer treatment for [and treat a certain virus] SARS-CoV-2. Requires the Oregon Health Authority medical assistance program, health benefit plans and benefit plans offered by the Public Employees' Benefit Board and Oregon Educators Benefit Board to reimburse a pharmacist for testing and prescribing, dispensing and administering treatment [of the virus] for SARS-CoV-2. Sunsets June 30, 2026. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Dick Springer, 1948-2023.. Description: Honors the life and memory of Dick Springer. (Flesch Readability Score: 71.8). In memoriam: Dick Springer, 1948-2023.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care.. Description: The Act forbids the HERC from using quality of life to measure the weight to give to a service that may be covered by the state Medicaid program. The Act caps the amount a person must pay for insulin under a health benefit plan to $35. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.9). [Digest: The Act forbids the HERC from using quality of life to measure the weight to give to a service that may be covered by the state Medicaid program. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.6).] In determining the ranking of a condition-treatment pair on the prioritized list of health services covered by the medical assistance program, prohibits the Health Evidence Review Commission from relying upon a quality of life in general measure or from relying on any research or analyses that rely upon or refer to a quality of life measure, unless specified conditions are met. Caps cost-sharing required by health benefit plans at $35 for coverage of insulin.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Columbia River fisheries; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act stops the lottery for Columbia River gillnet fishing permits. The Act directs an agency to start a work group to make suggestions on creating a program for buying the permits from willing sellers. The Act directs the agency to report on the suggestions of the work group on a due date. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.9). [Digest: The Act stops the lottery for Columbia River gillnet fishing permits. The Act directs an agency to create a short-term program for buying the permits from willing sellers. The Act directs an agency to report on a due date on creating a long-term version of the program. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.2).] Eliminates the lottery for Columbia River gillnet vessel permits. [Directs the State Fish and Wildlife Commission to establish a Columbia River gillnet vessel permit purchase program that ends on January 2, 2026.] Directs the State Department of Fish and Wildlife to convene a work group to provide recommendations on a voluntary Columbia River gillnet vessel permit buyback program. Directs the department to report to [interim] committees of the Legislative Assembly that relate to natural resources, on or before [September] November 15, 2024, on [establishing a Columbia River gillnet vessel permit buyback program] the recommendations. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Department of the State Fire Marshal; and declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act allows the agency of the State Fire Marshal to require fingerprints for criminal background checks on certain persons. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.8). Authorizes the Department of the State Fire Marshal to require, for purposes of a criminal records check, fingerprints from an employee, a prospective employee or a person who provides or seeks to provide certain services. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to family and medical leave insurance; and declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act would require the Director of OED to conduct periodic assessments of the Paid Family and Medical Leave Insurance Fund. The Act would allow the director to take actions if the director found the fund to be insolvent. The Act would take effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.7). Requires the Director of the Employment Department to conduct periodic assessments to determine the solvency of the Paid Family and Medical Leave Insurance Fund. Specifies the actions that the director may take to restore solvency if the director determines that the fund is, or may be, insolvent. Requires the Director of the Employment Department to include in the department's biennial reports to the Legislative Assembly a summary of the periodic assessments conducted by the director and a summary of any actions taken by the director to restore solvency. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to leave laws concerning time off from work; declaring an emergency.. Description: Makes changes to laws related to paid and unpaid family and medical leave. The Act takes effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 68.7). Directs the Employment Department to collaborate with the Bureau of Labor and Industries to identify statutory changes that are needed to require the department and the bureau to perform certain duties. Requires the Employment Department to make certain findings regarding the consideration of implementing programmatic changes and benefits that are paid to certain employees under the paid family and medical leave insurance program and report to the interim committees of the Legislative Assembly no later than September 15, 2024. Makes changes to the statutory provisions governing paid and unpaid job-protected leave entitlements. Makes technical changes and conforming amendments. Creates an exception from predictive scheduling penalty compensation requirements for employers that are unable to provide an employee with advance notice of scheduling changes that are necessitated by another employee's use of paid or unpaid leave. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the urban flood safety and water quality district; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act would let the urban flood safety and water quality district impose an annual charge on lands that are benefited by district works. The Act would let the district impose a fee on cities and counties for district costs not covered by the annual charge. The Act would change how the district winds up other water-related districts. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.2). Authorizes the urban flood safety and water quality district to annually assess benefited lands within the managed floodplain for the total amount of revenues required to pay the costs for the succeeding year of district works that directly benefit the lands. Authorizes the district to impose a fee on cities and counties for the overall fixed costs of operating the district and district works. Amends provisions relating to the governance and the dissolution of existing drainage districts and corporations for the use and control of water lying within the boundaries of the urban flood safety and water quality district. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to an income tax subtraction for amounts received in wildfire litigation; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Exempts awards from and legal fees paid in wildfire suits from income tax. (Flesch Readability Score: 76.5). Digest: Exempts award from wildfire suit from income tax. (Flesch Readability Score: 71.8).] Creates Oregon tax subtraction for amounts received in resolution of a civil action arising from wildfire. Creates an Oregon tax subtraction for wildfire-related legal fees paid by plaintiffs. Allows taxpayer to amend return to claim refund for earliest tax year in which subtraction is allowed. Applies to declarations and executive orders issued on or after January 1, [2020] 2018, and before January 1, 2026, and to amounts received, losses incurred and legal fees paid in tax years beginning on or after January 1, [2020] 2018. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Fred W. Heard, 1940-2023.. Description: Honors the life and memory of Fred W. Heard. (Flesch Readability Score: 84.9). In memoriam: Fred W. Heard, 1940-2023.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to care for vulnerable individuals; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act requires DHS to contract with at least one organization to provide a new type of service to people who hire personal support workers. The Act makes changes to the statutes about agency with choice service providers. The Act requires DHS to contract with at least one agency providing agency with choice services by January 1, 2026. The Act makes a place that houses and takes care of people who are elderly or who have disabilities use a certain tool. The tool makes sure that the place has enough staff to meet the needs of the people who live there. (Flesch Readability Score: 62.3). [Digest: The Act requires DHS to contract with at least one organization to provide a new type of service to people who hire personal support workers.] [The Act makes changes to the statutes about agency with choice service providers. Requires DHS to contract with at least one agency providing agency with choice services by January 1, 2026.] [The Act changes the way that DHS makes a place that houses and takes care of people who are elderly or who have disabilities use a certain tool to make sure that the place has enough staff to meet the needs of the people who live there.] [The Act requires that some people must be licensed to help children in DHS custody to stay out of temporary lodging. The Act says that those people do not have to be licensed until 1/1/25. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.4).] Requires the Department of Human Services to contract with at least one organization by July 1, 2024, to provide enhanced supports to employers of personal support workers and describes the supports that must be provided by the organization. Specifies the minimum requirements for agencies to be endorsed by the department to provide agency with choice services and requires the department to contract with at least one organization to provide agency with choice services by January 1, 2026. Prohibits specified acts by agencies that employ staff to provide direct support professionals. Requires the Oregon Health Authority to hire one additional position for the authority's Medicaid [fraud] program integrity unit. Modifies the enforcement by the Department of Human Services of the requirements for residential care facilities to use acuity-based staffing tools to ensure sufficient staffing levels to meet residents' scheduled and unscheduled needs at all times. [Requires that certain providers of placement safety or crisis supports for children in the custody of the department be licensed as child-caring agencies. Specifies that certain providers of care or services to children are not child-caring agencies. Delays licensing requirement for certain providers of placement safety or crisis supports to children until January 1, 2025. Permits the department until December 31, 2024, to continue contracting with certain providers of placement safety and supports even though they are unlicensed.] Extends deadline from January 1, 2026, to January 1, 2027, for residential training homes and adult foster homes licensed before July 1, 2026, to install automatic sprinkler systems. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon enrolled a bill titled: Relating to individuals with intellectual disabilities; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act repeals the statutes that allowed a person to be ordered by a court to stay in a facility against their will on the basis of having an IDD. The Act forbids a public body from denying services meant for persons with mental illness on the basis that a person also has an IDD. The Act takes effect when the governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 67.5). [Digest: The Act repeals the statutes that allowed a person to be ordered by a court to stay in a facility against their will on the basis of having an IDD.] [The Act forbids a public body from denying services meant for persons with mental illness on the basis that a person also has an IDD.] [The Act takes effect on July 1, 2025. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.3).] Repeals statutes authorizing the involuntary commitment of an individual based on an intellectual disability. Prohibits a public body from denying services related to mental illness on the basis that the individual seeking services also has an intellectual or developmental disability. [Takes effect on July 1, 2025.] Becomes operative on July 1, 2025. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to records of live birth; and declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act allows an adult who applies to a state agency to access a sealed original birth record to ask the state agency to add or change the name of a biological parent. Takes effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.1). Allows a person at least 21 years of age who opens a sealed original record of live birth via an application to apply to the Center of Health Statistics to add or change the name of a biological parent on the original record of live birth. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the State Department of Energy; declaring an emergency.. Description: This Act amends and creates laws related to the State Department of Energy. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.4). [Digest: This Act extends dates for a state agency to submit certain reports. The Act extends dates for the agency and others to develop goals for carbon storage. The Act changes parts of a grant program to support renewable energy projects. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.0).] Extends the deadlines for certain reports by the State Department of Energy. Extends by one year the deadline for the establishment of nonbinding biological carbon sequestration and storage goals for natural and working lands. Modifies provisions of the Community Renewable Investment Program. Modifies provisions related to standby generation facilities and requires public utilities to report to the Director of the State Department of Energy about certain standby generators. Transfers moneys from the Heat Pump Deployment Fund to the Residential Heat Pump Fund. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to changes to certain Oregon tax laws; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act makes changes to certain Oregon tax laws. It takes effect on the 91st day after session ends. (Flesch Readability Score: 76.9). Makes technical, policy and administrative changes to certain Oregon tax laws. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to first-time home buyer savings accounts; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Changes accounts for first-time home buyers, for accounts starting in 2025. Requires taxpayer to keep records. Changes rules for banks. Becomes law 91 days from sine die. (Flesch Readability Score: 62.1). Modifies provisions governing first-time home buyer savings accounts. Eliminates the requirement that a financial institution provide an annual certificate with account details to account holders. Allows an account holder to designate a proposed first-time home buyer as a beneficiary of the account. Specifies information that must be maintained by a taxpayer claiming a subtraction or exemption for accounts. Limits Department of Revenue rulemaking. Applies to first-time home buyer savings accounts created on or after January 1, 2025. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act makes changes to the OHA air conditioner and filter program and to the OHCS landlord guarantee program. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.7). [Digest: Makes OHCS study and report on housing. (Flesch Readability Score: 78.8).] [Requires the Housing and Community Services Department to study housing and to submit a report to the relevant interim committees of the Legislative Assembly no later than September 15, 2025.] Amends the Oregon Health Authority residential air conditioner and air filter delivery program. Allows the Housing and Community Services Department to establish a maximum reimbursement to landlords under the Housing Choice Landlord Guarantee Program. Declares an emergency; effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: Gives money to OHCS, OHA, DHS, DOE, OBDD, ODOT, WRD and DAS for programs. Goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 80.3). [Digest: Gives money to OHCS, OHA, DHS, DOE and DAS for programs. Goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 81.4).] Appropriates moneys to and modifies expenditure limitations for the Housing and Community Services Department, Oregon Health Authority, Department of Human Services, State Department of Energy, Oregon Business Development Department, Department of Transportation, Water Resources Department and Oregon Department of Administrative Services for various programs. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the American semiquincentennial; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act would create a body to plan for America's 250th birthday. The Act would require the views of Indian tribes to feature in the birthday planning and activities. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.8). [Digest: The Act would create a body to plan for America's 250th birthday. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.7).] Establishes a semiquincentennial commission, to be known as the America 250 Oregon Commission, to coordinate and provide guidance for Oregon's official observance of the 250th anniversary of the establishment of the United States. Establishes the America 250 Oregon Subcommittee in the Commission on Indian Services to communicate the positions of the nine federally recognized Indian tribes in Oregon to the America 250 Oregon Commission. Adds the Executive Officer of the Commission on Indian Services to the voting members of the America 250 Oregon Commission. Requires the America 250 Oregon Commission to consult with the tribes about including Oregon's tribal history in semiquincentennial activities throughout the state. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to statewide education plans.. Description: Directs ODE to make a plan for the education of students who are immigrants. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.7). Directs the Department of Education to develop and implement a statewide education plan for students who are asylum seekers, refugees or any other immigrant.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to elections.. Description: Tells the SOS to translate the voters' pamphlet into the 10 most common languages used in each county. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.6). Increases, from 5 to 10, the number of the most commonly spoken languages in each county, other than English, that the Secretary of State must include on a publicly available list and into which the secretary must translate voters' pamphlets. Increases the number of translator members on the Translation Advisory Council. Increases, from 100 or more individuals to 300 or more individuals, the number of people in a county who must speak one of 10 listed languages in order to require a county voters' pamphlet to be translated into that language.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act establishes a housing office to support and enforce housing laws; lets home builders use updated local rules; awards lawyer fees for more housing appeals; assists with infrastructure for housing; creates a fund for grants to developers of affordable housing; makes cities approve changes to housing rules; makes cities expedite applications to build housing; lets cities change their growth boundaries; and gives money to DLCD, BO and OHCS for this Act. (Flesch Readability Score: 62.4). Requires the Department of Land Conservation and Development and the Department of Consumer and Business Services to jointly establish and administer the Housing Accountability and Production Office. Requires the office to assist local governments and housing developers with housing laws. Authorizes the office to take certain actions to enforce housing laws. Becomes operative on July 1, 2025. Allows a housing developer with a pending application to opt in to amended local land use regulations. Expands eligibility for attorney fees on appeal of the approval of a residential development proposal to include local governments and [all] affordable housing or housing within urban growth boundaries. Creates the Housing Infrastructure Support Fund to allow the Oregon Business Development Department to provide capacity and support to local governments in developing infrastructure to support residential development. Requires the Department of Land Conservation and Development to [biennially] report to the Legislative Assembly before 2025 on proposed infrastructure projects that may support residential development. Authorizes cities and counties to adopt a program for awarding grants to developers of affordable housing and moderate income housing projects to finance certain costs associated with such housing projects. Directs the Housing and Community Services Department to develop a revolving loan program to make interest-free loans to participating cities and counties to fund the grants. Imposes an annual fee on each grantee developer in repayment of the loans. Provides for the distribution of the fee moneys first to fire districts for ad valorem property taxes and then to the department in repayment of the loan that funded the grant awarded to the developer. Requires local governments to approve certain adjustments to land use regulations for housing development within an urban growth boundary as a limited land use decision. Establishes an exemption process. Requires reporting to the Department of Land Conservation and Development on the use of adjustments. Requires the department to report biennially to an interim committee of the Legislative Assembly. Sunsets on January 2, 2032. Requires local governments to process certain applications relating to housing development as limited land use decisions. Develops alternative processes to amend urban growth boundaries to include up to 100 net residential acres per city. Provides for limitations and review by counties, Metro and the Department of Land Conservation and Development and the courts. Sunsets on January 2, 2033. Appropriates moneys to the Oregon Business Development Department, Housing and Community Services Department and Department of Land Conservation and Development for purposes of the Act. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to election law; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act makes many changes to election laws. (Flesch Readability Score: 71.8). Permits an agent of a candidate to file a translation of a candidate statement with the Secretary of State. Permits candidate statements, certain arguments regarding measures and legislative arguments in support of statewide measures to be translated into the most commonly spoken languages of each county in which the statements will appear in a voters' pamphlet. Specifies the information to be included in county voters' pamphlets. Removes the requirement for a repeat public certification test of a vote tally system immediately before ballot scanning begins. Reduces the limitation on the number of voter registration cards that may be requested. Permits the Secretary of State to issue a certificate of ascertainment of presidential electors in accordance with the requirements of federal law. Increases the limit of aggregate contributions and expenditures before certain requirements apply. Becomes operative on January 1, 2025. Changes the civil penalties and legal expenses that can be paid with contributions received by certain persons and committees. Prescribes the method for creating ballot titles and explanatory statements for any amendments to the Oregon Constitution or statutory Acts that pass both houses of the Legislative Assembly during the 2024 regular session and that are referred to the people by the Legislative Assembly. [Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to judicial positions; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act adds new circuit court judges. Two of the judges start on July 1, 2024, and one judge starts on July 1, 2025. (Flesch Readability Score: 67.7). Creates new circuit court judge positions in certain judicial districts. Takes effect July 1, 2024.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the assessment of rebuilt homesteads; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act would grant a property tax break to destroyed homes that were rebuilt after the 2020 wildfires. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.6). Authorizes a county to allow a homestead rebuilt by the same owner on the same lot to replace the homestead destroyed by the September 2020 wildfires to have a specially assessed value equal to the destroyed homestead's real market value for the 2020-2021 property tax year, to the extent of the square footage of the destroyed homestead. Provides that the specially assessed value continues until the earliest of the date on which the rebuilt homestead is no longer the owner's principal dwelling, is rented to another person for any duration or is transferred to new ownership. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to education; declaring an emergency.. Description: Makes many changes to the education laws of this state. (Flesch Readability Score: 69.7). Establishes a youth advisory group. Prescribes the membership and duties of the group. Directs the Department of Education to establish a work group to develop standards for the group. Directs the department to develop a plan for the collection of course-level completion and grade data for all public school students in grades 6 through 12. Directs the Higher Education Coordinating Commission to establish a direct admissions program for community colleges and public universities. Directs the Legislative and Policy Research Director to conduct a study on the Quality Education Model and the state's system of financing public education for kindergarten through grade 12. Changes the entity that makes determinations related to the Oregon Opportunity Grant program to the commission. Requires that the manner by which the commission determines the state share under the program be done by rule. Modifies calculations of funding for the Youth Corrections Education Program and the Juvenile Detention Education Program. Directs the department to establish a target funding level for programs. Authorizes the department to transfer moneys from the Statewide Education Initiatives Account for the purpose of meeting the target funding level. Expands the authority of the commission to enter into contracts or agreements for Oregon's Open Educational Resources (OER) Program. Clarifies the requirements for school district policies related to short-acting opioid antagonists. Modifies the membership requirements of the Educator Advancement Council, the scope of duties of the council and the requirements of certain grants awarded by the council. Directs the commission to convene a work group to conduct a study related to evidence-based corequisite student support models. Allows an applied baccalaureate degree program or Bachelor of Science: Nursing degree program to be eligible for funding from the Community College Support Fund. Clarifies the eligibility of part-time faculty members at a public institution of higher education to receive employee-only health care benefits. Directs the commission to conduct a study related to the forestry workforce. Exempts from public meetings laws meetings of certain subcommittees of the Transfer Council. Allows a person, prior to beginning an education, a training or an apprenticeship program for an occupational or a professional license, to petition a licensing board, a commission or an agency for a determination as to whether a criminal conviction will prevent the person from receiving the license. Specifies laws that are applicable to approved recovery schools. Clarifies the applicability of just cause provisions to classified school employees. Modifies payment requirements for substitute teachers. Repeals sections related to the repealed Early Success Reading Initiative. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the addiction crisis in this state.. Description: The Act changes the crime of interfering with public transportation. The Act makes using drugs on public transit a new way of committing the crime. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.5). Modifies the crime of interfering with public transportation to include the use of an unlawfully possessed controlled substance while in or on a public transit vehicle [or public transit station]. Punishes by a maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, a $6,250 fine, or both. Provides that the new manner of committing interfering with public transportation is a designated drug-related misdemeanor for purposes of supervision duty and funding.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to services to individuals who are under 21 years of age; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act requires the OHA to take certain steps to make sure that certain people who are under 21 years of age receive the services and supports that they qualify for. The Act requires the OHA and DHS to make sure that children and youth who are served by both agencies get the services they need from both agencies. The Act says that, if a court orders the OHA to provide certain services to a youth, the order does not commit the youth to the OHA or change the youth's guardian. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.5). Requires the Oregon Health Authority to ensure that all children or youth who are eligible for home or community-based services receive the services to which they are entitled. Requires the authority and the Department of Human Services to adopt rules to facilitate cross-agency coordination to support multi-system involved children and youth. Specifies minimum requirements for the rules. Requires the authority to investigate the services and supports that are provided, through the K plan, to children and youth to enable the children or youth to avoid placements in institutional settings. Requires the authority to report specified data and recommendations on the authority's investigation to the interim committees of the Legislative Assembly related to health care and human services by October 1, 2024. Prohibits the denial of mental health assessment, treatment or services to individuals on the basis that the individuals have intellectual or developmental disabilities. Requires the authority to review and amend, as needed, current administrative rules and contracts to ensure that individuals under 21 years of age have access to specified services. Requires the authority and the Department of Education to develop strategies and recommendations for leveraging federal funds to provide certain school-based services and submit a report to the Legislative Assembly by October 1, 2024. Modifies provisions regarding the assessment of a youth's fitness to proceed in a juvenile delinquency proceeding. Clarifies that an order directing that a youth receive restorative services does not commit the youth to the custody of the Oregon Health Authority or alter the youth's guardianship. Limits when a youth may be removed from a current placement to a new placement to receive restorative services. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to exceptions to abbreviated school day requirements for schedules for which a determination of the satisfaction of high school graduation requirements must be made; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Does not apply the shortened school day law to certain class periods or types of instruction. (Flesch Readability Score: 68.9). Makes an exception to abbreviated school day requirements for when a student voluntarily does not schedule a class for one or more class periods or for certain asynchronous instruction. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Walla Walla River Basin.. Description: The Act tells an agency to take actions on water in the Walla Walla River Basin. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.6). Directs the Water Resources Department to take certain actions related to the Walla Walla Water 2050 Strategic Plan.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the administration of moneys received from the Monsanto settlement; declaring an emergency.. Description: This Act creates a council and funds to distribute and invest money from a legal settlement. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.6). Establishes the Environmental Restoration Council. Directs the council to establish programs to distribute moneys from the Monsanto settlement. Establishes the Oregon Environmental Restoration Fund. Establishes the State Agency Program Fund. Establishes the Disproportionately Impacted Community Fund. Establishes the Tribal Nation Natural Resource Program Fund. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration.. Description: The Act raises the maximum amount of money that can be held in a reserve fund. (Flesch Readability Score: 74.2). [Digest: The Act raises the amount of money that is put in a reserve fund every two years. It raises the maximum amount of money that can be held in the reserve fund. (Flesch Readability Score: 74.2).] [Increases the maximum amount of the biennial transfer to the Oregon Rainy Day Fund.] Increases the cap on amounts held in the Oregon Rainy Day Fund.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act makes LCDC adopt model rules for housing for cities of different sizes. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 67.2). Requires the Land Conservation and Development Commission to adopt model ordinances for cities of different sizes to implement housing and urbanization requirements. Appropriates moneys to the [commission for purposes of the Act] Department of Land Conservation and Development for the purpose of adopting model ordinances. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to county permitting; declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows a county to charge a permit fee to build, move or change a line, fixture or facility that is in the right of way of a county public road. There are exceptions. Sunsets on January 2, 2031. (Flesch Readability Score: 68.5). [Digest: Allows a county to charge a permit fee to build, move or change a line, fixture or facility that is in the right of way of a county public road. There are exceptions. Sunsets on January 1, 2031. (Flesch Readability Score: 68.5).] Authorizes a county governing body to charge a fee for the administration and issuance of a permit to construct, alter, relocate, maintain or repair a water, gas, electric or communication service line, fixture or facility within the right of way of a public road under the jurisdiction of the county, subject to specified exceptions. Sunsets January [1,] 2, 2031. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to a prevailing rate of wage for electrical workers; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Makes pay for electricians equal to the pay in a union contract in parts of the state where there is a union contract and the union is the only one that speaks for electricians. Takes effect 91 days after session ends (Flesch Readability Score: 60.6). Provides that, for the purpose of specifying the prevailing rate of wage for electrical workers, a locality is the geographical area within which each local union is the exclusive representative for the local union's membership, and the collective bargaining agreement is the collective bargaining agreement to which the local union is a party. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the use of artificial intelligence in campaign communications; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act would require a disclosure of the use of AI or other similar technology in campaign ads. The Act would create a way to enforce the requirement and to impose a fine for violations. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.7). Requires a disclosure of the use of synthetic media in campaign communications. Provides for the enforcement of the requirement. Subjects a violation of the requirement to a civil penalty not to exceed $10,000. Exempts certain entities and content from the requirement. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public safety; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act defines abuse of a corpse in the first degree in some circumstances as a sex crime. The Act allows DOT to share data with humane special agents. The Act also changes some definitions for police oversight laws and exempts some hearings from the requirement to publish a recording on a website. The Act allows HIAs to ask for background checks using fingerprints. The Act directs courts to admit into evidence driver record created by ODOT when driver is prosecuted for driving while suspended or revoked. The Act establishes a new account for OPDC. The Act changes laws about hit and run. (Flesch Readability Score: 62.4). [Digest: The Act defines abuse of a corpse in the first degree in some circumstances as a sex crime. The Act allows DOT to share data with humane special agents. The Act also changes some definitions for police oversight laws and exempts some hearings from the requirement to publish a recording on a website. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.2).] Provides that abuse of a corpse in the first degree involving sexual activity is a sex crime for purposes of sex offender reporting. Authorizes the Department of Transportation to share personal information and driver license photos with humane special agents. Modifies the definition of "law enforcement officer" and "law enforcement agency" for purposes of police oversight provisions. Authorizes a humane investigation agency to request fingerprint-based criminal records check for people who are employed or applying for employment by the agency or who provide services or seek to provide services to the agency. Provides that hearings of the State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision and Psychiatric Security Review Board are not subject to the requirement to publish recordings on a website. Directs court to admit into evidence data prepared by the Department of Transportation that details driver's record in prosecutions of driving while suspended or revoked. Establishes the Oregon Public Defense Commission Lawyer Trust Account for the sole purpose of making payments on behalf of clients of the Oregon Public Defense Commission. Provides that commission may establish subaccounts. Expands the scope of the crime of hit and run of property to any highway or premises open to the public or any premises adjacent to a highway or premises open to the public. Expands crime of hit and run of an injured person to any location. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to construction agreements.. Description: The Act says that public bodies may not have certain terms in some types of construction contracts. (Flesch Readability Score: 75.1). [Provides that a public body may not include certain provisions relating to payment of defense costs] Limits a public body's ability to require a duty to defend the public body in a contract with a person or entity providing [architecture, landscape architecture,] architectural, engineering, photogrammetric mapping, transportation planning, land surveying services or related services. Provides that certain provisions relating to construction agreements do not apply to design-build contracts. Sunsets provisions on January 1, 2035.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to special motions to strike.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to special motions to strike. Modifies provisions relating to special motions to strike.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to civil matters; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act changes the law about when the AG can share some materials about consumer data. The Act makes some court records of when a minor settles a claim secret. The Act changes the law making some owners immune from liability when they allow recreation on their land. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.6). [Digest: The Act tells the Judicial Department to do a study. (Flesch Readability Score: 69.7).] [Requires the Judicial Department to study civil law matters. Directs the department to submit findings to the interim committees of the Legislative Assembly related to the judiciary not later than September 15, 2025.] Modifies provisions regarding disclosure of certain materials relating to consumer data investigations by the Attorney General. Provides for confidentiality of court records relating to certain settlements of minors' claims. Modifies provisions relating to recreational immunity and makes some of the changes temporary. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care interpreters; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act directs the OHA to set up a health care interpreter management system. The Act requires the OHA to contract with a nonprofit entity to establish a recruitment and retention program. The Act sets out certain requirements for the nonprofit. The Act requires the nonprofit to submit a report to the OHA each year. The Act requires the OHA to seek out all means to get federal matching funds to pay costs of health care interpreter services. The Act goes into effect 91 days after the session ends. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.6). Directs the Oregon Health Authority to establish and maintain an online portal with the functionality to provide online scheduling for health care providers and coordinated care organizations to use to contact health care interpreters directly for purposes of serving Oregon Health Plan members and to process billing for health care interpreter services that were rendered to Oregon Health Plan members. Requires the authority to contract with a nonprofit entity to develop and administer a health care interpreter recruitment and retention program. Provides criteria and reporting requirements that the contracting nonprofit must meet. Requires the authority to seek any federal funding available for costs of reimbursing health care interpreters for health care interpretation services provided to [medical assistance recipients] Oregon Health Plan members no later than January 1, 2025. Modifies certain biennial appropriations made from the General Fund to the Oregon Health Authority. Establishes and modifies limitations on expenditures for certain biennial expenses for the Oregon Health Authority. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to child abuse; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act creates a new fund for a current grant program that provides moneys for child abuse response programs. The Act directs DOJ to create a one-time grant program to expand access to services and supports from CACs. (Flesch Readability Score: 69.5). [Digest: The Act creates a new fund for a current grant program that provides moneys for child abuse response programs. The Act directs DOJ to create a one-time grant program to expand access to services and supports from CACs. The Act creates a task force to audit how this state has complied with Karly's Law and to study other matters related to services provided to victims of child abuse. (Flesch Readability Score: 64.3).] Establishes the Children's Advocacy Center Fund. Provides that the Legislative Assembly shall appropriate sufficient moneys to the fund that are necessary to fully fund the existing grant program to establish, maintain and support children's advocacy centers and regional children's advocacy centers, and to support county child abuse multidisciplinary teams. [Appropriates moneys to the Department of Justice out of the General Fund for the existing grant program.] Directs the Department of Justice to develop and administer a one-time grant program to expand access to services and supports provided by children's advocacy centers and regional children's advocacy centers. Appropriates moneys to the Department of Justice out of the General Fund for the grant program. [Establishes the Task Force on County Child Abuse Multidisciplinary Teams to audit Oregon's compliance with Karly's Law, to study and provide proposals for optimal funding rates for children's advocacy centers and to identify barriers to access to child abuse multidisciplinary teams and children's advocacy centers. Requires the task force to report findings and recommendations to the interim committees of the Legislative Assembly related to human services on or before December 3, 2024. Sunsets the task force January 2, 2026. Appropriates moneys to the Department of Justice out of the General Fund for purposes of the task force.] Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to fraudulent misrepresentation by employers to reduce workers' compensation premiums; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act would make it a crime for an employer to file a false payroll report to lower its workers' comp premium. (Flesch Readability Score: 69.1). [Digest: The Act would make it a crime for an employer to report false data in order to lower its workers' comp premium. (Flesch Readability Score: 65.2).] [Creates the crime of fraudulent misrepresentation by an employer to an insurer of certain employee-related data with the intent to decrease the employer's workers' compensation insurance premium. Punishes by a maximum fine of $125,000 plus specified forms of restitution.] Provides that an employer commits a Class A misdemeanor if the employer knowingly submits a false payroll report with the intent to decrease the employer's premium for workers' compensation insurance. Punishes by a maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, a $6,250 fine, or both. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the reporting of the status of a regional energy market.. Description: The Act makes an electric company report each year on the steps taken or being taken to be part of an energy market. (Flesch Readability Score: 62.1). Requires an investor-owned utility that sells more than two million megawatt hours of electricity in a calendar year to report to and inform the Legislative Assembly [the activities, if any,] of activities that the investor-owned utility has taken or is taking toward participating in a regional energy market. Sunsets January 2, 2031.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits; prescribing an effective date.. Description: The Act requires DHS to set up a task force and come up with a plan for a program that allows people who receive SNAP aid to be able to use the aid to buy hot foods and hot foods that are ready to eat. The Act says who must be on the task force. The Act requires DHS to take steps to carry out the program. (Flesch Readability Score: 87). Requires the Department of Human Services to convene a task force to analyze options available under federal law for a program that allows recipients of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits to use the benefits for hot foods, including restaurant meals. Specifies the membership of the task force. Requires the department to implement the program on a statewide basis or as a pilot program. Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to children's advocacy centers; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act protects a children's advocacy center from legal action for looking into the abuse of a child if a nationwide group says that the center meets certain standards. The Act protects the center's employees, too. The Act does not protect a center from legal action based on its employees' adverse treatment of a person on the basis of a protected class. The Act goes into effect when the Governor signs it. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.6). Grants certain immunities to children's advocacy centers and to employees and designated agents of children's advocacy centers. Requires applicants for funds to establish and maintain a children's advocacy center to include evidence of the center's accreditation with a nationally recognized organization. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Establishing procedural rules for legislative branch.. Description: Fixes firm dates for measures during session. (Flesch Readability Score: 66.7). Establishes deadlines for completion of legislative measures for the 2024 regular session of the Eighty-Second Legislative Assembly.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to protections from debt collection; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act increases some amounts that are protected from debt collectors. The Act changes some laws about bad debt collection methods. (Flesch Readability Score: 63.2). Increases certain exemptions from garnishment and execution. Modifies provisions relating to unfair debt collection practices. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to a right to repair consumer electronic equipment.. Description: Requires someone that makes electronic items for consumers to give on fair terms to those who look at, maintain or fix the items what they need to maintain or fix the items. Fair terms means, in part, giving independent people what they need on the same terms as people the maker authorizes to make fixes. Lets the state fine people who violate the Act. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.8). [Digest: Requires a person that makes electronic items for consumers to give on fair terms to people who look at, maintain or repair the items what they need to do effective maintenance or make effective repairs. Fair terms means, in part, giving independent people what they need on the same terms as people the maker authorizes to make repairs. Lets the state fine people who violate the Act. Takes effect 91 days after session ends. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.1).] Requires an original equipment manufacturer to make available to an owner of consumer electronic equipment or an independent repair provider on fair and reasonable terms any documentation, tool, part or other device or implement that the original equipment manufacturer makes available to an authorized service provider for the purpose of diagnosing, maintaining or repairing consumer electronic equipment. Permits the Attorney General in response to a consumer complaint to make an investigative demand of a manufacturer that appears to have violated the Act. Specifies the contents of the investigative demand and the method of service. Subjects a manufacturer that violates the Act to a civil penalty of not more than $1,000 for each day of the violation. [Takes effect on the 91st day following adjournment sine die.]
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act makes budget changes for the current biennium. (Flesch Readability Score: 66.1). Appropriates moneys from the General Fund to specified state agencies for biennial expenses. Modifies certain biennial appropriations made from the General Fund to specified state agencies and the Emergency Board. Establishes and modifies limitations on expenditures for certain biennial expenses for specified state agencies. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: The Act approves certain fees charged by state agencies. (Flesch Readability Score: 75.5). Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by state agencies. Declares an emergency, effective on passage.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Commemorating the sesquicentennial anniversary of the City of Dallas, Oregon.. Description: Honors the birth and growth of the City of Dallas, Oregon, for its 150th birthday. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.8). Commemorates the sesquicentennial anniversary of the City of Dallas, Oregon.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Expressing gratefulness to Oregon veterans' advocate Dick Tobiason.. Description: Honors Dick Tobiason and all of his work for veterans. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.3). Expresses gratefulness to Oregon veterans' advocate Dick Tobiason.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Reaffirming State of Oregon's commitment to its relationship with Taiwan.. Description: Honors the ways Oregon and Taiwan have worked together over the years. (Flesch Readability Score: 60.7). Reaffirms the State of Oregon's commitment to its relationship with Taiwan.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Corpsman William Lyle Sperb (1948-1969) for his service to his country.. Description: Honors the life and memory of William Lyle Sperb. (Flesch Readability Score: 66.1). Recognizes and honors Corpsman William Lyle Sperb (1948-1969) for his service to his country.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 25th anniversary of the founding of Inland Northwest Musicians.. Description: Honors a music group for promoting the arts in Oregon. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.3). Commemorates the 25th anniversary of the founding of Inland Northwest Musicians.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Joanne Russell Verger, 1930-2023.. Description: Honors the life and memory of Joanne Russell Verger. (Flesch Readability Score: 66.1). In memoriam: Joanne Russell Verger, 1930-2023.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Mike Donahue, 1946-2023.. Description: Honors the life and memory of Mike Donahue. (Flesch Readability Score: 61.2) In memoriam: Mike Donahue, 1946-2023.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Steve Druckenmiller, 1950-2023.. Description: Remembers the life of Steve Druckenmiller and honors him in his death. (Flesch Readability Score: 67.7). In memoriam: Steve Druckenmiller, 1950-2023.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Clifford Trow, 1929-2023.. Description: Honors the life and memory of Clifford Trow. (Flesch Readability Score: 71.8). In memoriam: Clifford Trow, 1929-2023.
In 2024, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Specialist Ken "Kenny" Leisten (1984-2004) for his service to his country.. Description: Honors the life and memory of Ken Leisten. (Flesch Readability Score: 71.8). Recognizes and honors Specialist Ken "Kenny" Leisten (1984-2004) for his service to his country.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Oregon Housing Needs Analysis in Oregon Department of Administrative Services. Establishes Oregon Housing Needs Analysis in Oregon Department of Administrative Services. Requires cities outside Metro to plan for housing needs as allocated by analysis. Requires Metro to adopt similar methodology to allocate housing needs to cities within Metro. Requires Housing and Community Services Department to develop housing production dashboard and housing equity indicators. Allows Department of Land Conservation and Development to audit, and to enter into housing acceleration agreement with, certain cities that are not adopting or implementing housing production strategies or that are lowest performing as measured by dashboard and indicators. Allows department to seek, and Land Conservation and Development Commission to issue, specific enforcement orders for certain continued noncompliance by cities in addressing housing. Amends land use requirements for local governments related to urbanization, including by requiring cities to measure and plan for development-ready lands, requiring Metro to adopt housing coordination strategy and allowing cities outside of Metro to adopt rural reserves. Requires commission to adopt or amend implementing rules. Modifies emergency housing assistance program and state homeless assistance program to provide services and assistance to school-aged children experiencing or at risk of experiencing homelessness. Modifies eligibility requirements for applicants for grants from homeless youth services enhancement program and host home project program. Makes programs permanent. Requires Housing and Community Services Department to provide grants or loans for modular housing and components. Sunsets January 2, 2026. Requires Oregon Facilities Authority to provide financing for infrastructure and predevelopment costs for moderate income housing. Sunsets January 2, 2026. Requires residential landlords to extend notice periods for terminations of tenancy based on nonpayment of rent and to include additional notices. Requires landlords and clerk to also include notice with summons for nonpayment of rent. Postpones dates for first appearance and trial for evictions based on such termination notices. Requires landlord to attest to belief that tenant who is absent at first appearance remains in possession of premises before default eviction judgment. Requires public bodies and grantees to inform tenants and landlords regarding rental assistance applications. Requires courts to annually set aside and seal certain inoperative residential eviction judgments. Requires State Department of Agriculture to provide grants to improve certain existing agriculture workforce housing. Sunsets January 2, 2026. Allows certain moneys appropriated to Housing and Community Services Department for use in Oregon Balance of State Continuum of Care to be spent under emergency procurement authority. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Housing and Community Services Department, Oregon Department of Administrative Services, Land Conservation and Development Commission, Oregon Facilities Authority and State Department of Agriculture for purposes of Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to reproductive health rights. Modifies provisions relating to reproductive health rights. Modifies provisions relating to access to reproductive health care and gender-affirming treatment. Modifies provisions relating to protections for providers of and individuals receiving reproductive and gender-affirming health care services. Creates crime of interfering with a health care facility. Punishes by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both. Creates right of action for person or health care provider aggrieved by interference with health care facility. Makes statutory change to achieve gender neutral language with respect to unlawful employment discrimination because of sex. Declares public policy regarding interstate actions arising out of reproductive health care and gender-affirming treatment. Prohibits public body from participating in interstate investigation or proceeding involving reproductive health care and gender-affirming treatment. Creates exceptions. Prohibits clerk of court from issuing subpoena if foreign subpoena relates to reproductive health care or gender-affirming treatment. Declares that Oregon law governs certain actions arising out of reproductive health care or gender-affirming treatment provided or received in this state. Repeals criminal provisions relating to concealing birth.] Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Higher Education Coordinating Commission for allocation to Office of Rural Health, for purposes of providing grants through rural qualified health center pilot project.] Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Health Authority for specified expenses.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to ranked choice voting; and providing that this Act shall be referred to the people for their approval or rejection.. Description: Establishes ranked choice voting as voting method for selecting winner of nomination for and election to offices of President of United States, United States Senator, Representative in Congress, Governor, Secretary of State, State Treasurer and Attorney General. Establishes ranked choice voting as voting method for selecting winner of nomination for and election to offices of President of United States, United States Senator, Representative in Congress, Governor, Secretary of State, State Treasurer and Attorney General. Authorizes cities, counties, metropolitan service districts, school districts and local government and local service districts to elect to use ranked choice voting to nominate or elect candidates for relevant offices. Requires Secretary of State to establish program to educate voters about how ranked choice voting will be conducted in elections held in state. Prohibits nominating election for Commissioner of Bureau of Labor and Industries. Requires election for commissioner to be held at primary election, where election is conducted using ranked choice voting. Requires Secretary of State and county clerks to jointly submit reports to Legislative Assembly setting forth analysis of whether existing laws are inconsistent with effective and efficient implementation of ranked choice voting and detailing, to degree practicable, each expenditure secretary and county clerks must make to successfully implement ranked choice voting. Becomes operative on December 10, 2026] January 1, 2028. Refers Act to people for their approval or rejection at next regular general election.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to firearms; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Defines "undetectable firearm." Punishes manufacturing, importing, offering for sale or transferring undetectable firearm by maximum of 10 years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine, or both. Defines "undetectable firearm." Punishes manufacturing, importing, offering for sale or transferring undetectable firearm by maximum of 10 years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine, or both. Punishes possession of undetectable firearm by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both, and 10 years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine, or both, upon second and subsequent convictions. Punishes offering for sale, selling or transferring firearm without serial number by maximum of $1,000 fine upon first conviction, 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both, upon second conviction, and 10 years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine, or both, upon third and subsequent convictions. Punishes possession of firearm without serial number occurring on or after September 1, 2024, by maximum of $1,000 fine upon first conviction, 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both, upon second conviction, and 10 years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine, or both, upon third and subsequent convictions. Defines "unfinished frame or receiver." Requires gun dealer to conduct criminal background check before transferring unfinished frame or receiver. Punishes importing, offering for sale or transferring unfinished frame or receiver by maximum of $1,000 fine upon first conviction, 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both, upon second conviction, and 10 years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine, or both, upon third and subsequent convictions. Specifies exceptions. Punishes possession of unserialized unfinished frame or receiver occurring on or after September 1, 2024, by maximum of $1,000 fine upon first conviction, 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both, upon second conviction, and five years' imprisonment, $125,000 fine, or both, upon third and subsequent convictions. Provides that person commits crime if person possesses unfinished frame or receiver and is prohibited from possessing firearms. Punishes by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both. Prohibits person under 21 years of age from possessing firearms and unfinished frames and receivers with specified exceptions. Punishes by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both. Establishes affirmative defense for person under 21 years of age who owned firearm before effective date of Act or who relinquished firearm prior to prosecution.] Authorizes governing bodies of certain public entities that own or control public building to adopt policy, ordinance or regulation precluding affirmative defense for possession of firearm in or on public building by concealed handgun licensee. Provides that in prosecution for possession of firearm in or on public building subject to such policy, ordinance or regulation, concealed handgun licensee affirmative defense is not complete defense, but results in Class A misdemeanor conviction punishable by 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both.] Prohibits person from transferring certain firearms to recipient person knows, or reasonably should know, is under 21 years of age. Punishes by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both. Specifies exceptions.] Appropriates moneys to Department of State Police for implementation of Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to revenue; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes refundable income and corporate excise tax credit allowed for qualified research activities and sets increased maximum credit amount. Establishes refundable income and corporate excise tax credit allowed for qualified research activities and sets increased maximum credit amount. Limits use of credit to semiconductor or other advanced manufacturing industries. Requires taxpayer seeking credit to obtain certification from Oregon Business Development Department. Requires taxpayer seeking credit for tax year beginning in calendar year 2024 to register with department. Directs Legislative Revenue Officer to report to Legislative Assembly on information submitted with registrations. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2024, and before January 1, 2030. Extends sunset date of enterprise zone program. and modifies related provisions. Provides limitation on number of years for which property in enterprise zone may be exempt from property taxes imposed by school districts.] Requires zone sponsor to post on sponsor's website terms of agreements with business firms seeking exemption. Requires department to provide technical assistance upon request to zone sponsors entering into such agreements. Adds long term rural enterprise zone program to those for which report must be posted on Oregon transparency website. Requires department to study transparency of enterprise zone programs and submit report to interim legislative committees related to revenue. Requires zone sponsor entering into agreement with business firm to notify adjacent local governments of possible increase in use of infrastructure. Bars enterprise zone participation by business firms significantly engaged in operating retail fulfillment centers. Coordinates statutes governing termination of enterprise zones. Creates sunset date for strategic investment program and modifies related provisions. Disallows agreements entered into on or after July 1, 2030.] Requires business firms in strategic investment program to hold job fair. Adds ports to parties required to enter into agreement for designation of strategic investment zone. Sunsets county authority to designate strategic investment zones. Directs department to make negotiation training materials available to parties to agreement required for designation of zone. Raises maximum amount of community services support fee and indexes amount to increase, if any, in consumer price index. Requires approval of agreement by all affected special districts that provide emergency service. Increases minimum total cost of eligible project under strategic investment program and indexes cost to increase, if any, in consumer price index. Decreases maximum amount of personal income tax revenue that may be distributed per year to any county under strategic investment program.] Requires Legislative Revenue Officer to study strategic investment program and submit report to interim legislative committees related to revenue. Extends sunset date for gain share program. Applies to property tax years beginning on or after July 1, 2024.] Provides for school support fee in lieu of property taxes exempted in enterprise zones in amount of forgone taxes multiplied by rate negotiated by zone sponsor and affected school districts. Requires addition to federal taxable income of amounts excluded as gain attributable to investment in federal qualified opportunity zone. Allows subtraction in later tax year if gain is temporarily deferred at federal level. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2024, and to amounts initially invested in non-Oregon opportunity zones on or after January 1, 2024.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to water; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board to establish program to provide grants to water suppliers. Requires State Department of Agriculture to study water. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to natural resources not later than September 15, 2024.] Directs Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board to establish program to provide grants to water suppliers. Establishes Community Drinking Water Enhancement and Protection Fund for purposes related to program. Makes certain changes related to purposes for which moneys in Water Well Abandonment, Repair and Replacement Fund may be used. Directs Legislative Policy and Research Director to report, on or before January 15, 2024, on water infrastructure-related benefits for low-income persons. Directs Water Resources Department to take certain actions on or before October 1, 2024, related to implementing 1998 Stewardship and Supply Initiative. Directs Oregon Consensus at Portland State University to establish collaborative process related to Chewaucan River watershed. Makes certain changes related to integrated state water resources policy. Directs Oregon State University Extension Service and Oregon State University Agricultural Experiment Station to jointly establish agricultural water management technical assistance program. Directs Oregon State University Extension Service and Oregon State University Agricultural Experiment Station to jointly prepare annual reports related to program and climate-related impacts on agricultural producers. Establishes Place-Based Water Planning Fund and authorizes Water Resources Director to award grants from fund. Makes certain changes related to requirements for certification as water right examiner. Directs Department of Environmental Quality to take certain actions related to water reuse or recycled water programs and projects. Directs Oregon Department of Administrative Services to enter into contract with Oregon Association of Water Utilities for certain purposes. Authorizes Water Resources Department to require certain reporting related to water use. Makes certain changes related to loans and grants from Water Supply Development Account. Directs Oregon Business Development Department to establish Aquifer Recharge Due Diligence Grant Program and Aquifer Recharge Testing Forgivable Loan Program and annually report on programs. Establishes Aquifer Recharge Fund for purposes related to programs. Directs Oregon Department of Administrative Services to provide grants related to treatment of western juniper. Directs Oregon State University to take certain actions related to assisting grant recipients. Appropriates moneys to certain state agencies for purposes related to water. Establishes maximum limits for certain payments related to water. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to alcohol; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission to issue direct to retailer permit to eligible out-of-state manufacturer of malt beverages, wine or cider to allow manufacturer to sell at wholesale and transport malt beverages, wine or cider to specified licensees. Allows Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission to issue direct to retailer permit to eligible out-of-state manufacturer of malt beverages, wine or cider to allow manufacturer to sell at wholesale and transport malt beverages, wine or cider to specified licensees. Allows specified licensees to purchase for sale at retail malt beverages, wine or cider from certain licensees and permit holders. Allows holder of direct shipper permit that is licensed to manufacture malt beverages in another state to deliver those malt beverages directly to resident in this state. Allows commission to refuse to issue license, permit or certificate, or issue restricted license, permit or certificate to applicant that has failed to comply with laws or rules regulating psilocybin, alcohol, alcohol taxes or marijuana. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to instruments presented for recording to county clerk.. Description: Increases minimum type size for instruments presented for recording to county clerk. Increases minimum type size for instruments presented for recording to county clerk.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to a property value appeals board.. Description: Renames "board of property tax appeals" to "property value appeals board.". Renames "board of property tax appeals" to "property value appeals board."
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to domestic partnerships.. Description: Expands eligibility for domestic partnership under Oregon Family Fairness Act to partners of any sex. Expands eligibility for domestic partnership under Oregon Family Fairness Act to partners of any sex. Permits specified employee benefit plans to decline to extend benefits to domestic partner regardless of whether plan administrator concludes extension would jeopardize tax qualification of plan.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to instruments conveying title to real property; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Clarifies method of collecting unpaid charges against real property if instrument conveying fee title to such real property to exempt entity is recorded without certificate issued by county assessor attesting that all charges have been paid. Clarifies method of collecting unpaid charges against real property if instrument conveying fee title to such real property to exempt entity is recorded without certificate issued by county assessor attesting that all charges have been paid. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to statements of economic interest.. Description: Requires statement of economic interest to include certain information about sources of income for business in which public official or candidate, or member of household of public official or candidate, is officer, holds directorship or does business under if source of income has legislative or administrative interest and 10 percent or more of total gross annual income of business comes from that source of income. Requires statement of economic interest to include certain information about sources of income for business in which public official or candidate, or member of household of public official or candidate, is officer, holds directorship or does business under if source of income has legislative or administrative interest and 10 percent or more of total gross annual income of business comes from that source of income.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care.. Description: Requires health care providers to annually report to Oregon Health Authority providers' aggregate amount of compensation paid to frontline workers as wages, benefits, salaries, bonuses and incentive payments. Requires Oregon Health Authority to study access to health care in Oregon. Directs authority to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to health not later than September 15, 2024.] Requires health care providers to annually report to Oregon Health Authority providers' aggregate amount of compensation paid to frontline workers as wages, benefits, salaries, bonuses and incentive payments. Excludes increases in aggregate amount of compensation in determining whether health care provider meets cost growth target set by Health Care Cost Growth Target program.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to behavior analysis interventionists; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Health Licensing Office to issue provisional registration to applicant for behavior analysis interventionist registration. Directs Health Licensing Office to issue provisional registration to applicant for behavior analysis interventionist registration. Becomes operative October 1, 2023. Requires office to contract with third party to study access to behavior analysis interventionists. Directs office to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to health care not later than September 15, 2024.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to cybersecurity; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Transfers Oregon Cybersecurity Advisory Council from office of Enterprise Information Services to Oregon Cybersecurity Center of Excellence. Transfers Oregon Cybersecurity Advisory Council from office of Enterprise Information Services to Oregon Cybersecurity Center of Excellence. Modifies composition and duties, powers and functions of council. Establishes Oregon Cybersecurity Center of Excellence within Portland State University to supplement activities of State Chief Information Officer regarding cybersecurity. Charges center with coordinating, funding or providing cybersecurity education, awareness and training for public, private and nonprofit sectors, cybersecurity workforce development and cybersecurity-related goods and services to Oregon public bodies. Directs Portland State University, Oregon State University and University of Oregon to jointly operate center by agreement and to provide administrative and staff support and facilities for center. Establishes Oregon Cybersecurity Center of Excellence Operating Fund. Continuously appropriates moneys in fund to Higher Education Coordinating Commission for distribution to center to carry out functions and operations of center. Establishes Oregon Cybersecurity Workforce Development Fund. Continuously appropriates moneys in fund to commission for distribution to center to invest in cybersecurity workforce development programs. Establishes Oregon Cybersecurity Grant Program Fund. Continuously appropriates moneys in fund to commission for distribution to center to provide cybersecurity-related goods and services to Oregon public bodies. Establishes Oregon Cybersecurity Public Awareness Fund. Continuously appropriates moneys in fund to commission for distribution to center to raise public awareness regarding cybersecurity threats and resources to be safer and more secure online.] Becomes operative October 1, 2023. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to registration of business entities that qualify as data brokers; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that data broker may not collect, sell or license brokered personal data within this state unless data broker first registers with Department of Consumer and Business Services. Provides that data broker may not collect, sell or license brokered personal data within this state unless data broker first registers with Department of Consumer and Business Services. Specifies form, method and contents of application. Specifies exemptions. Provides civil penalty in amount not to exceed $500 for each violation of Act or, for continuing violation, for each day in which violation continues. Caps amount of civil penalty at $10,000 in calendar year. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the status of district attorneys in the Public Employees Retirement System.. Description: Provides that deputy district attorneys qualify as police officers under Public Employees Retirement System. Provides that district attorneys and] deputy district attorneys qualify as police officers under Public Employees Retirement System.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to self-insurance of public bodies.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to use of contributions and reserves of self-insurance programs established by multiple public bodies to insure against tort liability or property damage. Modifies provisions relating to use of contributions and reserves of self-insurance programs established by multiple public bodies to insure against tort liability or property damage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to financial assistance for agricultural overtime compensation payments; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Oregon Business Development Department to develop and administer repayable award program to provide financial assistance to eligible employers to mitigate costs associated with agricultural overtime compensation requirements under section 2, chapter 115, Oregon Laws 2022 (Enrolled House Bill 4002). Directs Oregon Business Development Department to develop and administer loan] repayable award program to provide financial assistance to eligible employers to mitigate costs associated with compliance with] agricultural overtime compensation requirements under section 2, chapter 115, Oregon Laws 2022 (Enrolled House Bill 4002). Sunsets program on January 2, 2027. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to revenue; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Extends sunset provisions for various tax credits. Requires Legislative Revenue Officer to study personal income taxation. Directs Legislative Revenue Officer to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to revenue not later than September 15, 2024.] Extends sunset provisions for various tax credits. Expands purposes for which qualified borrower may use loan proceeds, in connection with tax credits allowed for affordable housing lenders, to include limited equity cooperatives, with certain conditions. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2024. Exempts from state income tax military pay received by Oregon National Guard member while in active service of state or on state active duty. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2021. Creates credit against income taxes for selling publicly supported housing to retain as affordable housing. Applies to sales of housing completed in tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2024, and before January 1, 2030. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the corporate activity tax; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides that if due date of corporate activity tax return falls on Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, return is due on next business day. Requires Legislative Revenue Officer to study corporate activity tax. Directs Legislative Revenue Officer to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to revenue not later than September 15, 2024.] Provides that if due date of corporate activity tax return falls on Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, return is due on next business day. Removes good cause requirement for discretionary extension of time to make corporate activity tax payment. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2023. Adds processor to types of entities from which taxpayer engaged in farming operation may obtain certification stating percentage of in-state agricultural commodity sold to entity, in order to determine taxpayer's commercial activity for purposes of corporate activity tax. Exempts from commercial activity cost paid by dealer for item of precious metal. Applies to all tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2024. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the property tax system; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Extends sunset dates of various property tax exemption programs. Requires Legislative Revenue Officer to study property taxation. Directs officer to submit report of findings, including recommendations for legislation, to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to revenue not later than September 15, 2024.] Extends sunset dates of various property tax exemption programs. Removes provisions of property tax exemption for community solar projects that restrict exemption to proportion owned by residential customers or leased by residential subscribers. Expands property tax exemption for food processing machinery and equipment to include machinery and equipment used to process meat and wild game. Authorizes city or county to administratively approve or terminate property tax exemption for multiple-unit housing project. Authorizes city or county to exempt from property tax entire structure of multiple-unit housing converted from other use. Extends low income rental housing property tax exemption to housing units owned by limited equity cooperative corporations. Authorizes city or county to establish schedule in which, for 10 years, percentage of property tax exemption granted to affordable multiunit rental housing increases directly with percentage of units rented to households with annual income at or below 120 percent of area median income. Allows surviving spouse of disabled veteran to continue homestead property tax exemption without filing new claim. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to revenue; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Extends sunsets for pass-through business alternative income tax and related personal income tax credit. Requires Legislative Revenue Officer to study Oregon's tax system. Directs officer to submit report of findings, with recommendations for legislation, to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to revenue not later than September 15, 2024.] Extends sunsets for pass-through business alternative income tax and related personal income tax credit. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to property tax assessment; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows correction of maximum assessed value due to new property or new improvements to property erroneously added to tax roll for current tax year and up to five preceding tax years. Allows correction of maximum assessed value due to new property or new improvements to property erroneously added to tax roll for current tax year and up to five preceding tax years. Requires annual tax statement to include notice in cases of increase of more than three percent of property's assessed value and reason for increase] information about contacting county assessor if property's assessed value increased more than three percent over prior tax year. Makes correction of certain errors on assessment and tax roll mandatory. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to forest products harvest taxation; prescribing an effective date; and providing for revenue raising that requires approval by a three-fifths majority.. Description: Extends biennial privilege taxes on merchantable forest products harvested on forestlands. Extends biennial privilege taxes on merchantable forest products harvested on forestlands. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to tax credit applicability provisions; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Conforms applicability period for amendments to tax credit for certified film production development contributions to sunset applicable to credit. Conforms applicability period for amendments to tax credit for certified film production development contributions to sunset applicable to credit. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the correction of erroneous material in Oregon tax law; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Makes technical changes in Oregon statutes. Makes technical changes in Oregon statutes. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to traffic safety.. Description: Authorizes all cities to elect to operate photo radar if city pays costs of operating photo radar. Authorizes all cities to elect to operate photo radar if city pays costs of operating photo radar. Eliminates restriction on number of hours per day photo radar may be used in any one location. Expands authority of city to set designated speed for certain residential streets to speed that is up to 10 miles per hour lower than statutory speed, but not less than 20 miles per hour.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transportation; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Expands eligibility criteria for Safe Routes to School grants. Requires Department of Transportation to study development of uniform standards for speed bump height and markings.] Sunsets January 2, 2025.] Expands eligibility criteria for Safe Routes to School grants. Eliminates minimum cash match for grants. Provides that Connect Oregon Fund grants may be awarded when there is minimum amount in fund to pay for grants. Provides exemptions related to requirements to obtain use fuel license. Defines "liquefied petroleum gas." Modifies conversion factors for compressed natural gas and propane. Changes small city allocation to specify that moneys may be used on roads for project elements required for compliance with federal or state law. Directs Department of Transportation to administer federal Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse related to commercial driving privileges. Permits weighmaster or motor carrier enforcement officer who issued citation for offense to present evidence at trial instead of city or district attorney. Provides that inspection of vehicle dealers by department should be during normal business hours Monday through Friday. Modifies laws related to vehicle dealer certificates and plates. Modifies laws related to special interest registration plates. Allows department to designate law enforcement agencies to perform inspections of vehicle identification numbers. Deletes provision allowing voluntary reporting of odometer reading by person to department. Modifies and repeals laws related to commercial driver training schools. Modifies fees related to issuance and renewal of vehicle transporter certificates, driver training certificates and commercial driver training school certificates. Caps number of special vehicle transporter plates or devices person is entitled to apply for and receive. Extends certificate period to three years. Provides definition of "qualified provider" for purposes of driving tests. Allows department to enter into intergovernmental agreement with City of Portland for removal, storage and disposition of personal property left on property owned by department. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transportation funding.. Description: Increases fees related to driver licenses, driver permits, identification cards and motor vehicles. Directs Department of Transportation to study issues related to transportation funding and to report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on or before September 15, 2024.] Sunsets January 2, 2025.] Increases fees related to driver licenses, driver permits, identification cards and motor vehicles. Provides that registration period for new mopeds and motorcycles is two years instead of four years.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to municipal audits.. Description: Removes requirement for certain state agencies to withhold moneys from municipal corporations that fail to file audit reports with Secretary of State. Removes requirement for certain state agencies to withhold moneys from municipal corporations that fail to file audit reports with Secretary of State. Removes certain provisions relating to addressing deficiencies identified in audit reports. Modifies expenditure thresholds for audit exemptions for municipal corporations. Replaces requirement for certain municipal corporations to have financial statements reviewed with requirement to have certain procedures performed on financial statements. Modifies fee schedule for filing of audit reports by municipal corporations. Makes other changes to laws relating to municipal audits.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to highways; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Transportation each year to allocate moneys to local governments and replace state moneys made available to local governments with federal surface transportation funding on dollar for dollar basis. Directs Department of Transportation to establish local transportation program to provide state funding in exchange for federal surface transportation funding available to cities and counties.] Directs Department of Transportation each year to allocate moneys to local governments and replace state moneys made available to local governments with federal surface transportation funding on dollar for dollar basis. Provides that moneys allocated to local governments must be spent on uses consistent with restrictions described in Oregon Constitution. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to voter registration.. Description: Extends automatic voter registration to Oregon Health Authority in certain circumstances. Extends automatic voter registration to Oregon Health Authority in certain circumstances. Establishes pilot program at Powder River Correctional Facility to require that each adult in custody be granted updated state identification card and voter registration upon release. Requires program to begin on January 1, 2027, and requires Secretary of State to submit report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to elections by September 15, 2028. Sunsets program on January 1, 2029.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to documents filed with the office of the Secretary of State; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Removes requirement for Secretary of State to issue written notification and wait 20 days before withdrawing certificate of filing or document submitted for filing. Removes requirement for Secretary of State to issue written notification and wait 20 days before withdrawing certificate of filing or document submitted for filing. Requires secretary instead to include, in record of filing, statement of reasons for withdrawal and nature of any other action secretary took. Provides that document that Secretary of State filed in accordance with business entity laws of this state between January 1, 2020, and effective date of Act is not invalid solely because Secretary of State accepted document for filing without required declaration. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to corporations; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides that corporation sole may not be reinstated in this state on or after June 8, 2015, but that corporation sole that exists before June 8, 2015, may continue to operate if corporation sole remains active and was not dissolved. Requires Secretary of State to study and evaluate importance of corporations in Secretary of State's business registry functions and revenue. Directs Secretary of State to submit findings, which may include recommendations for legislation, to interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to business not later than September 15, 2024.] Provides that corporation sole may not be reinstated in this state on or after June 8, 2015, but that corporation sole that exists before June 8, 2015, may continue to operate if corporation sole remains active and was not dissolved. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public records.. Description: Updates definitions and terminology used in public records law pertaining to records retention. Updates definitions and terminology used in public records law pertaining to records retention. Removes references to obsolete technology.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to land use; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Removes deadline by which City of Pendleton must apply to Land Conservation and Development Commission to become part of affordable housing pilot program. Requires Department of Land Conservation and Development to study changes to Land Conservation and Development Commission and abolishment of Land Use Board of Appeals. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to land use no later than September 15, 2024.] Removes deadline by which City of Pendleton must apply to Land Conservation and Development Commission to become part of affordable housing pilot program. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Master Settlement Agreement.. Description: Replaces escrow deposit system required of tobacco product manufacturers who are nonparticipating manufacturers for purposes of Master Settlement Agreement with requirement of direct payments to state. Replaces escrow deposit system required of tobacco product manufacturers who are nonparticipating manufacturers for purposes of Master Settlement Agreement with requirement of direct payments to state. Retains existing escrow deposit system for nonparticipating manufacturers' sales made on or before January 1, 2024. Amends findings to state policy to include statement of intention to hold all tobacco product manufacturers liable for cigarette-related health care costs, regardless of status under Master Settlement Agreement. Applies to certifications submitted on or after January 1, 2025.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to obtaining contents of communications.. Description: Exempts from prosecution for unlawfully obtaining contents of communication person who did not participate in initially obtaining communication regarding matter of public concern. Exempts from prosecution for unlawfully obtaining contents of communication person who did not participate in initially obtaining communication regarding matter of public concern.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to environmental claims mediation.. Description: Removes requirement that Attorney General appoint service provider and adopt rules for operation of environmental claims mediation program. Removes requirement that Attorney General appoint service provider and adopt rules for operation of environmental claims mediation program.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to veterans.. Description: Removes requirement that remains of individual serving in Armed Forces of the United States who was killed in line of duty and formerly designated prisoner of war or missing in action, and whose remains are recovered and identified, be returned to Oregon to receive Fallen Hero roadside memorial recognition. Requires Oregon Military Department to study veterans. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to veterans not later than September 15, 2024.] Removes requirement that remains of individual serving in Armed Forces of the United States who was killed in line of duty and formerly designated prisoner of war or missing in action, and whose remains are recovered and identified, be returned to Oregon to receive Fallen Hero roadside memorial recognition.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Gold Star Families memorial highway.. Description: Provides that portion of U.S. Highway 30, beginning where highway intersects with U.S. Highway 101 and ending at Idaho state line, shall also be known as Oregon Gold Star Families Memorial Highway. Provides that portion of U.S. Highway 30, beginning where highway intersects with U.S. Highway 101 and ending at Idaho state line, shall also be known as Oregon Gold Star Families Memorial Highway.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to veterans.. Description: Directs governing body of each county to designate person to ensure interment of unclaimed cremated remains of veteran or survivor of veteran. Directs governing body of each county to designate person to ensure interment of unclaimed human] cremated remains of veteran or survivor of veteran. Limits civil liability for interment of eligible decedent except for gross negligence. Requires certain funerary entities] funeral establishments in possession of unclaimed human] cremated remains of veteran or survivor of veteran, under certain circumstances, to release human] unclaimed cremated remains and associated veteran status information upon request to] by veterans' remains coordinator , notify county veterans' service officer] and apply for state or federal benefits on behalf of decedent. Limits civil liability of funeral establishment for release of veteran status information or release of eligible decedent except for gross negligence. Authorizes certain funerary entities] funeral establishments in possession of unclaimed human remains of veteran or survivor of veteran to cremate, reduce or inter unclaimed human remains under certain circumstances. Directs county veterans' service officer] veterans' remains coordinator to report information about veteran or survivor of veteran to United States Department of Veterans Affairs. Requires county veterans' service officer] veterans' remains coordinator to establish and maintain list of reported information and to make information available upon request to veterans' remains coordinator] county veterans' service officer.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to bonding.. Description: Provides that unused portion of amount of pass-through revenue bonds authorized for issuance in preceding biennium carries forward until legislation authorizing amount of pass-through revenue bonds for current biennium is enacted. Provides that unused portion of amount of pass-through revenue bonds authorized for issuance in preceding biennium carries forward until legislation authorizing amount of pass-through revenue bonds for current biennium is enacted. Requires public body, when issuing pension obligation bonds, to transmit independent assessment of bonds to State Treasurer at least two days before bonds are offered for sale to investors. Removes requirement for State Treasurer to review and approve revenue bond plans of certain public universities. Requires certain public universities to certify cash flow sufficiency to State Treasurer before issuing revenue bonds.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to reporting requirements for persons affiliated with office of State Treasurer.. Description: Alters supplemental reporting requirements required to be filed by State Treasurer and specified employees in office of State Treasurer to be based on best practices for state investment funds and to be comparable in scope to disclosure required for investment advisers under federal law, including under Rule 204A-1 and Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Alters supplemental reporting requirements required to be filed by State Treasurer and specified employees in office of State Treasurer to be based on best practices for state investment funds and to be comparable in scope to disclosure required for investment advisers under federal law, including under Rule 204A-1 and Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Amends employees in office of State Treasurer required to file supplemental statement.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unclaimed property.. Description: Amends abandonment presumptions for securities and distributions. Amends abandonment presumptions for securities and distributions. Shortens length of time until unpaid wages become presumed unclaimed to one year. Establishes owners' rights to income or proceeds from unclaimed property held by State Treasurer until sale. Exempts from disclosure certain records of State Treasurer relating to unclaimed property examinations and claims.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to forestry.. Description: Makes certain changes to calculation of small forestland owner tax credit. Makes certain changes to calculation of small forestland owner tax credit.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to existing dwellings on resource lands.. Description: Aligns criteria for alteration, restoration or replacement of dwellings on lands zoned for forest use consistent with criteria applicable to dwellings on lands zoned for farm use. Aligns criteria for alteration, restoration or replacement of dwellings on lands zoned for forest use consistent with criteria applicable to dwellings on lands zoned for farm use. Repeals temporary changes made in 2013 to laws authorizing alteration, restoration or replacement for dwellings on lands zoned for exclusive farm use and further amends those laws.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to deductions for expenses of investment officer.. Description: Modifies maximum allowable deduction from assets under management for expenses of State Treasurer as investment officer. Modifies maximum allowable deduction from assets under management for expenses of State Treasurer as investment officer.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to courts; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Increases fees that may be charged for preparation of court transcripts. Increases fees that may be charged for preparation of court transcripts. Appropriates moneys to carry out provisions increasing fees. Modifies provisions relating to assignment of senior judges. Modifies provisions relating to certain judges' authority to authorize execution of search warrant. Provides that method of service for certain order relating to parenting time is method provided by law for summons. Corrects incorrect references. Provides that court filings remain confidential until reviewed and accepted by court. Modifies provisions relating to contempt. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to behavioral health; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to convene work group to study major barriers to workforce recruitment and retention in publicly financed behavioral health system in this state and to develop recommendations on specified topics. Requires Oregon Health Authority to convene work group to study access to behavioral health treatment in rural and medically underserved areas of this state. Directs authority to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to health not later than September 15, 2024.] major barriers to workforce recruitment and retention in publicly financed behavioral health system in this state and to develop recommendations on specified topics. Specifies membership. Requires authority to report work group's initial recommendations, no later than January 15, 2025, to interim subcommittee of Joint Committee on Ways and Means related to human services and report final recommendations, by December 15, 2025, to subcommittee and to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to health care. Sunsets January 2, 2025] 2026. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the board of property tax appeals; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Changes terms of members of board of property tax appeals from one year to two years. Changes terms of members of board of property tax appeals from one year to four] two years. Makes nonsubstantive housekeeping changes to standardize use of terminology. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Department of State Lands; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes method by which Department of State Lands may dispose of personal property left on state lands. Authorizes method by which Department of State Lands may dispose of personal property left on state lands. Requires Director of Department of State Lands to adopt rules establishing fees related to removal or fill permit applications, wetland delineation reports and general authorizations. Removes specified fee amounts from statute. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school civil rights coordinators.. Description: Requires school districts and public charter schools to designate civil rights coordinator. Requires school districts and public charter schools to designate civil rights coordinator. Prescribes duties of civil rights coordinator.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to requirements to use health care interpreters; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Exempts from health care interpreter requirements individuals providing services as employees or contractors of school districts, public charter schools and education service districts. Exempts from health care interpreter requirements individuals providing services as employees or contractors of school districts, public charter schools and education service districts. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the State Interoperability Executive Council.. Description: Modifies membership of State Interoperability Executive Council. Modifies membership of State Interoperability Executive Council.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Oregon Geographic Information Council.. Description: Removes requirement that term of office for voting member of Oregon Geographic Information Council begins on January 1. Removes requirement that term of office for voting member of Oregon Geographic Information Council begins on January 1. Modifies term of office when vacancy occurs so successor voting member serves new four-year term and nonvoting member serves new two-year term.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the funding of port projects.. Description: Modernizes certain provisions of Oregon Port Revolving Fund program. Modernizes certain provisions of Oregon Port Revolving Fund program.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Veteran Educational Bridge Grant Program.. Description: Makes Veteran Educational Bridge Grant Program permanent. Makes Veteran Educational Bridge Grant Program permanent. Expands eligibility criteria for veterans to receive grant under program.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to securities regulation; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Permits Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to make any proper inquiry of person or matter connected with offering, purchasing or selling any security or conducting securities business and requires person to reply promptly and truthfully to inquiry. Permits Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to make any proper inquiry of person or matter connected with offering, purchasing or selling any security or conducting securities business and requires person to reply promptly and truthfully to inquiry. Provides confidentiality for and prohibits disclosure of certain materials that Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services gathers, compiles or creates as part of examination or investigation of person in connection with offer, purchase or sale of security or conduct of securities business and specifies exemptions from prohibition on disclosure. Permits examination of officer of department concerning records that are exempt from disclosure under specified circumstances. Permits director to use confidential materials or information to extent director considers necessary in action, suit or proceeding to investigate or prosecute apparent violations of Oregon Securities Law. Imposes penalty of not more than $60,000 for violation of Oregon Securities Law and maximum of $300,000 for continuing violation. Permits director to order restitution. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires applicants for Student Investment Account grants to take into consideration recommendations of advisory groups formed by Department of Education in relation to statewide education plans. Requires applicants for Student Investment Account grants to take into consideration recommendations of advisory groups formed by Department of Education in relation to statewide education plans. Requires grants distributed from Student Investment Account to each site of Youth Corrections Education Program and Juvenile Detention Education Program to be equal to at least minimum amount distributed as grants to school districts. Expands authority of Department of Education to determine how to distribute moneys under statewide education plan related to students who are American Indian or Alaska Native. Condenses provisions and repeals outdated provisions related to Expanded Options Program. Grants discretion to Department of Education to determine how to distribute to specified programs appropriations made for accelerated college credit programs. Changes reporting date for grants awarded to certain public charter schools. Excludes employees of Youth Corrections Education Program and Juvenile Detention Education Program from provisions of restraint and seclusion statutes. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pharmacists; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes pharmacists to administer influenza vaccine to persons six months of age or older. Authorizes pharmacists to administer influenza vaccine to persons six months of age or older. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to death with dignity; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Repeals residency requirement in Oregon Death with Dignity Act. Repeals residency requirement in Oregon Death with Dignity Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school sexual harassment policies; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies requirements of consent for purposes of school district sexual harassment policies. Modifies requirements of consent for purposes of school district sexual harassment policies. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health insurance.. Description: Authorizes Department of Consumer and Business Services to contract with more than five independent review organizations at one time. Authorizes Department of Consumer and Business Services to contract with more than five independent review organizations at one time. Requires certain health benefit plans to comply with federal rules in effect on January 1, 2023, regarding coverage of preventive health services.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public employee retirement.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to public employee retirement. Modifies provisions relating to public employee retirement. Provides for expedited review of Act by Supreme Court upon petition by adversely affected party.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to alternate payees in the Public Employees Retirement System.. Description: Increases fees Public Employees Retirement Board may charge in connection with payment of public employee retirement benefits to alternate payee. Increases fees Public Employees Retirement Board may charge in connection with payment of public employee retirement benefits to alternate payee.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Social Security Revolving Account.. Description: Removes obsolete provisions relating to Social Security Revolving Account. Removes obsolete provisions relating to Social Security Revolving Account.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care services provided to Native Americans.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to maintain process to identify claims eligible for enhanced federal match for services provided by nontribal providers that have written care coordination agreement with Indian health care provider and, if enhanced federal match is available from Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, return to Indian health care provider portion of enhanced federal match. Requires Oregon Health Authority to maintain process to identify claims eligible for enhanced federal match for services provided to American Indians or Alaska Natives] by nontribal providers that have written care coordination agreement with Indian health care provider and, secure] if enhanced federal match is available from Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, and] return to tribe] Indian health care provider portion of enhanced federal match.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to real estate appraisers; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Clarifies that Appraiser Certification and Licensure Board is responsible for determining specified criteria for registration or certification of appraisal management companies. Clarifies that Appraiser Certification and Licensure Board is responsible for determining specified criteria for registration or certification of appraisal management companies. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the percentage of ethanol required in gasoline sold in this state.. Description: Updates reference to applicable federal regulation in statute that specifies required percentage of ethanol in gasoline sold or offered for sale in this state. Updates reference to applicable federal regulation in statute that specifies required percentage of ethanol in gasoline sold or offered for sale in this state.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to a right of rescission in contracts for landscaping work; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides, with respect to contract with landscape contracting business, right of rescission within three business days after contract execution. Provides, with respect to contract with landscape contracting business, right of rescission within three business days after contract execution. Specifies exceptions to right. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pilot projects for firefighter apprenticeship training.. Description: Establishes program within Apprenticeship and Training Division of Bureau of Labor and Industries to make grants to local service districts and local joint committees that develop and administer pilot projects for firefighter apprenticeship training. Establishes program within Apprenticeship and Training Division of Bureau of Labor and Industries to make grants to local service districts and local joint committees that develop and administer pilot projects for firefighter apprenticeship training. Directs bureau to report to interim committee of Legislative Assembly on effectiveness and success of pilot projects not later than December 31, 2026. Sunsets January 2, 2027.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to veteran-owned businesses; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Broadens public contracting preference for businesses that service-disabled veterans own to include all veteran-owned businesses. Broadens public contracting preference for businesses that service-disabled veterans own to include all veteran-owned businesses. Defines "veteran" and "veteran-owned business." Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to reemployment of retired members of the Public Employees Retirement System.. Description: Extends sunset from 2024 to 2034 on provisions allowing retired member of Public Employees Retirement System to be reemployed by participating public employer for unlimited number of hours without reduction in pension benefits. Makes permanent] Extends sunset from 2024 to 2034 on provisions allowing retired member of Public Employees Retirement System to be reemployed by participating public employer for unlimited number of hours without reduction in pension benefits.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to driving while under the influence of intoxicants.. Description: Expands offense of driving while under influence of intoxicants to include any substance that, when taken into human body, can impair the ability of person to operate vehicle safely. Expands offense of driving while under influence of intoxicants to include any substance that, when taken into human body, can impair the ability of person to operate vehicle safely. Defines "intoxicant" for purposes of Oregon Vehicle Code. Provides for affirmative defense. Decreases fines for driving while under the influence of intoxicants while riding bicycle. Eliminates driving privilege suspension imposed for driving while under the influence of intoxicants while riding bicycle. Expands eligibility to participate in diversion program when defendant previously participated in treatment as juvenile or as parent or guardian pursuant to juvenile court order. Permits conviction of driving while under influence of intoxicants even if accusatory instrument does not plead fact that person was under influence of controlled substance or inhalant.] Provides that once individual is convicted of felony driving while under influence of intoxicants, any subsequent episode of driving while under influence of intoxicants is Class C felony regardless of amount of time that intervenes between offenses.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to juvenile justice.. Description: Establishes Juvenile Justice Policy Commission within Oregon Criminal Justice Commission. Establishes Juvenile Justice Policy Commission within Oregon Criminal Justice Commission. Specifies membership of Juvenile Justice Policy Commission. Requires commission to conduct policy analysis based on specified criteria and make recommendations to Legislative Assembly relating to juvenile justice system. Appropriates moneys to Oregon Criminal Justice Commission from General Fund for purposes related to Juvenile Justice Policy Commission.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to notices of appeal.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to mailing of notice of appeal. Modifies provisions relating to mailing of notice of appeal.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the board of governors of the Oregon State Bar.. Description: Allows public member of board of governors of Oregon State Bar to be elected as president or president-elect of board. Allows public member of board of governors of Oregon State Bar to be elected as president or president-elect of board.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sex crimes.. Description: Modifies definition of "oral or anal sexual intercourse" for purposes of sex crimes. Modifies definition of "oral or anal sexual intercourse" for purposes of sex crimes. Expands crime of using a child in a display of sexually explicit conduct to include when person knowingly creates] records in visual recording of sexually explicit conduct involving] child participating or engaging in sexually explicit conduct. Punishes by maximum of 20 years' imprisonment, $375,000 fine, or both. Modifies crimes of unlawful sexual penetration in the first and second degrees. Provides that any object, including body part of actor, may be used in commission of offense. Prohibits entry of separate convictions when multiple charges based on one penetrative act.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to execution formalities.. Description: Modifies execution formalities for appointment of person to make decisions concerning disposition of remains and for declaration for mental health treatment. Modifies execution formalities for appointment of person to make decisions concerning disposition of remains and for declaration for mental health treatment.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to voidable transactions.. Description: Redesignates Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act as Uniform Voidable Transactions Act. Redesignates Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act as Uniform Voidable Transactions Act. Conforms provisions relating to covered transactions, burdens of proof and choice of law.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to adults in custody.. Description: Requires Department of Corrections to establish, maintain and publish publicly accessible data dashboard on department's website. Directs Department of Corrections to study programs available to adults in custody, and to provide results of study to interim committees of Legislative Assembly no later than December 31, 2024.] Sunsets January 2, 2025.] Requires Department of Corrections to establish, maintain and publish publicly accessible data dashboard on department's website.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to youth.. Description: Modifies purpose and duties of Youth Development Council and Youth Development Division. Modifies purpose and duties of Youth Development Council and Youth Development Division. Modifies requirements of local high-risk juvenile crime prevention plans.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to substance use; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows specified persons to distribute and administer short-acting opioid antagonist and distribute kits. Allows specified persons to distribute and administer short-acting opioid antagonist and distribute kits. Defines "kit" and "short-acting opioid antagonist." Allows pharmacist to prescribe kit. Allows Public Health Officer or physician employed by Oregon Health Authority to issue standing order to prescribe kit to specified persons, and allows person that obtained kit to possess, store, deliver or distribute kit and administer short-acting opioid antagonist. Provides that person is immune from criminal and civil liability when acting in good faith. Allows owner of building or facility to which public has legal access to store kits for use by member of public. Provides that building or facility owner and staff are immune from criminal and civil liability related to use of kit stored in building or facility. Directs State Board of Education to adopt rules for administration of short-acting opioid antagonist to any individual on school premises. Directs school district board to provide to parents or legal guardians of minor students specified information about short-acting opioid antagonists. Requires school district board to ensure parent or legal guardian of minor student is immediately notified when short-acting opioid antagonist is administered to student. Allows school administrator, teacher or other school employee to administer, without written permission and instruction from parent or guardian, short-acting opioid antagonist to student who experienced or is experiencing opioid overdose. Provides criminal and civil immunity for school administrator, teacher, other school employee, school district and members of school district board for actions related to administration of short-acting opioid antagonist.] Prohibits person from maintaining action for injury, death or loss against school administrator, teacher, other school employee, school district or member of school district board resulting from certain administration of short-acting opioid antagonist except if person administering short-acting opioid antagonist was grossly negligent. Removes protection for school administrator, school nurse, teacher, other school employee, school district and members of school district board from criminal or civil liability for administration of short-acting opioid antagonist. Allows minor to obtain outpatient diagnosis or treatment of substance use disorder by mental health care provider without parental knowledge or consent. Provides that mental health care provider is immune from civil liability for diagnosis or treatment.] Prohibits providing single-use drug test strips or drug testing tools to minor under 15 years of age unless strips or tools are part of minor's substance use disorder treatment and provided by mental health care provider. Exempts from definition of "drug paraphernalia" certain items designed to prevent or reduce potential harm associated with use of controlled substances. Prohibits selling or giving pipe to minor unless minor demonstrates lawful need for pipe and obtains parental consent to possess pipe. Defines "pipe." Allows administrator of Oregon Prescription Drug Program to undertake bulk purchases of short-acting opioid antagonists.] Requires Oregon Health Authority to provide guidance for communication among local mental health authorities related to certain deaths. Directs district medical examiner or medical-legal death investigator to notify local mental health authority if death of individual is suspected to be result of opioid or other overdose. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to fitness to proceed.. Description: Requires that court dismissing charges involving orders of commitment due to defendant lacking fitness to proceed also order transport of defendant back to jurisdiction in which charges were initiated. Requires that court dismissing charges involving orders of commitment due to defendant lacking fitness to proceed also order transport of defendant back to jurisdiction in which charges were initiated.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Oregon Alfalfa Seed Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Dissolves Oregon Alfalfa Seed Commission. Dissolves Oregon Alfalfa Seed Commission. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to vital records; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Oregon Health Authority to designate work group to propose options for equitable access to birth and death certificates throughout state and equitable fee revenue to maintain and improve vital records system. Directs Oregon Health Authority to adopt rules allowing county registrar to issue and sell records of live births and deaths occurring in any county of state.] Directs Oregon Health Authority to designate work group to propose options for equitable access to birth and death certificates throughout state and equitable fee revenue to maintain and improve vital records system. Requires authority to report to interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to vital records no later than January 1, 2025. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to applied behavior analysis; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Health Licensing Office to establish guidelines for professional methods and procedures used by registered behavior analysis interventionists. Directs Health Licensing Office to establish guidelines for professional methods and procedures used by registered behavior analysis interventionists. Allows applied behavior analysis professional to provide outpatient treatment for mental or emotional disorder or chemical dependency to certain patients without parental consent. Requires applied behavior analysis professionals to report child abuse and to report prohibited or unprofessional conduct of another applied behavior analysis professional. Prohibits applied behavior analysis professional from practicing conversion therapy. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the dispensing of Class 1 flammable liquids; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes self-service dispensing of Class 1 flammable liquids at retail dispensary. Authorizes self-service dispensing of Class 1 flammable liquids at retail dispensary. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to coordinated care organization contracts; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires extension to no later than December 31, 2026, of term for contract between Oregon Health Authority and coordinated care organization. Requires extension to no later than December 31, 2026, of term for contract between Oregon Health Authority and coordinated care organization. Sunsets January 2, 2027. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to agency declarations relating to deceased depositors.. Description: Provides that declarations of Department of Human Services or Oregon Health Authority relating to deceased depositors of certain financial institutions must be made within specified time period. Provides that declarations of Department of Human Services or Oregon Health Authority relating to deceased depositors of certain financial institutions must be made within specified time period.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to child care.. Description: Authorizes Early Learning Council to adopt by rule reasonable requirements for landlords of tenants who operate certified family child care home in tenant's dwelling. Authorizes Early Learning Council to adopt by rule reasonable requirements for landlords of tenants who operate certified family child care home in tenant's dwelling. Provides that rules adopted by Early Learning Council related to certified or registered family child care homes may not take into consideration providers' children if children are between 10 and 12 years of age, unless children have special need or disability and require heightened level of care. Requires Department of Early Learning and Care to make payments to subsidized care facilities by date specified by rule or to pay additional amount. Requires that prior to adoption, amendment or repeal of any specialty code that may affect child care provider, notice be given of proposed change to Department of Early Learning and Care.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to urban search and rescue.. Description: Directs Department of State Fire Marshal to coordinate urban search and rescue function of this state. Directs Department of State Fire Marshal to coordinate urban search and rescue function of this state. Requires department to study needs of state related to urban search and rescue. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to emergency management no later than September 15, 2024.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pharmacy technicians; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows certain pharmacy technicians to administer vaccines. Allows certain pharmacy technicians to administer vaccines. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to cybersecurity.. Description: Exempts from required disclosure records concerning cybersecurity plans, devices and systems, including contractual and insurance records setting forth specifications, applications and coverages. Exempts from required disclosure records concerning cybersecurity plans, devices and systems, including contractual and insurance records setting forth specifications, applications and coverages.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to barriers that impede entry into the early childhood workforce by international early childhood professionals.. Description: Directs Department of Early Learning and Care to adopt standards and processes to reduce barriers that impede international early childhood professionals from entering early learning workforce in Oregon. Directs Early Learning Council, in consultation with Office of Child Care and Oregon Center for Career Development in Childhood Care and Education, to adopt rules to address barriers impeding entry into early childhood workforce by international early childhood professionals. Requires rules to simplify and eliminate certain administrative inefficiencies that exist within early childhood workforce registry.] Directs Department of Early Learning and Care to adopt standards and processes to reduce barriers that impede international early childhood professionals from entering early learning workforce in Oregon.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to property tax exemption; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Expands property tax exemption for property of industry apprenticeship or training trust that is 501(c)(3) corporation to allow for occasional use of property by another 501(c)(3) corporation for purposes for which other corporation is granted exemption from federal income tax. Allows exception to requirement for property tax exemption that property of industry apprenticeship or training trust be actually and exclusively occupied and used for purposes of industry apprenticeship or training trust for occasional use by corporation exempt from federal income tax for purposes for which corporation is granted federal exemption.] Expands property tax exemption for property of industry apprenticeship or training trust that is 501(c)(3) corporation to allow for occasional use of property by another 501(c)(3) corporation for purposes for which other corporation is granted exemption from federal income tax. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the transfer of recorded brands.. Description: Modifies process for transfer of recorded brand following death of brand holder. Modifies process for transfer of recorded brand following death of brand holder.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to drugs.. Description: Requires local planning committees for alcohol and drug prevention and treatment services to coordinate with local Behavioral Health Resource Networks. Requires Oregon Health Authority to study implementation of Ballot Measure 110 (2021). Directs authority to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to health not later than September 15, 2024.] Requires local planning committees for alcohol and drug prevention and treatment services to coordinate with local Behavioral Health Resource Networks. Establishes policy of state to encourage treatment and recovery for people struggling with substance use. Removes four percent cap on amounts from Drug Treatment and Recovery Services Fund that Oregon Health Authority may use for administrative expenses to administer provisions of Ballot Measure 110 (2020). Modifies appointment of members to Oversight and Accountability Council and staggers terms of members of council. Increases responsibility of authority in processing applications for grants made by council. Modifies requirements for networks to receive grants. Modifies requirements for Secretary of State audit of uses by grantees of moneys from fund. Requires community mental health programs to provide guidance and assistance to networks for joint development of programs and activities to increase access to treatment. Allows authority, with approval of council after July 1, 2025, to implement education campaign to inform public about networks, statewide hotline and other information authority believes will benefit public in accessing behavioral health services.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the display of human remains; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits acceptance of consideration for displaying human remains to public. Prohibits acceptance of consideration for displaying human remains to public. Creates exception in certain circumstances. Creates civil cause of action for estate of decedent whose remains are unlawfully displayed. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unmanned aircraft systems.. Description: Prohibits person from recklessly, knowingly or intentionally using unmanned aircraft system to interfere with wildfire suppression, law enforcement or emergency response effort. Prohibits person from recklessly, knowingly or intentionally using unmanned aircraft system to interfere with wildfire suppression, law enforcement or emergency response effort. Imposes penalties for violation.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to plans for responding to fire; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Instructs State Fire Marshal to establish Rural Structural Fire Protection Review Committee to review certain provisions concerning structural fire protection and report on review and related recommendations to one or more relevant committees or interim committees of Legislative Assembly on or before September 15, 2024. Requires governing body of county that contains at-risk land, as defined, to develop, or solicit proposals for development of, fire response plan or wildfire response plan.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Instructs State Fire Marshal to establish Rural Structural Fire Protection Review Committee to review certain provisions concerning structural fire protection and report on review and related recommendations to one or more relevant committees or interim committees of Legislative Assembly on or before September 15, 2024. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to candidates for certified public accountant exam.. Description: Decreases number of course hours required before person may sit for certified public accountant exam. Decreases number of course hours required before person may sit for certified public accountant exam.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to wildlife habitat special assessment; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Amends certain provisions of program for special assessment of wildlife habitat land relating to monitoring of implementation by landowner of approved wildlife habitat conservation and management plan. Amends certain provisions of program for special assessment of wildlife habitat land relating to monitoring of implementation by landowner of approved wildlife habitat conservation and management plan. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to development of a state renewable hydrogen economy.. Description: Directs State Department of Energy to, where appropriate, seek and apply for federal funds, and support other applications for federal funds, to be used to support development and deployment of renewable hydrogen and green electrolytic hydrogen. Directs State Department of Energy to convene work group to examine, evaluate and develop statewide strategies to accelerate development of state renewable hydrogen industry. Directs department to submit report on work group's findings and recommendations to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to energy and economic development no later than September 15, 2024.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Directs State Department of Energy to, where appropriate, seek and apply for federal funds, and support other applications for federal funds, to be used to support development and deployment of renewable hydrogen and green electrolytic hydrogen. Directs department to provide education and increase awareness regarding renewable hydrogen and green electrolytic hydrogen. Defines "renewable hydrogen" and "green electrolytic hydrogen."
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to fluorescent lamps; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Prohibits sale or distribution in this state of new screw- or bayonet-base type compact fluorescent lamps on or after January 1, 2024. Prohibits sale or distribution in this state of new screw- or bayonet-base type compact fluorescent lamps on or after January 1, 2024. Prohibits sale or distribution in this state of new pin-base type compact fluorescent lamps and linear fluorescent lamps on or after January 1, 2025. Repeals statutes related to mercury in lighting products. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pregnancy in correctional facilities; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Department of Corrections to establish doula program for pregnant and postpartum adults in custody at Coffee Creek Correctional Facility. Requires Department of Corrections to establish doula program for pregnant and postpartum adults in custody at Coffee Creek Correctional Facility. Specifies requirements of program and doula services that must be provided to pregnant adults in custody and during one-year postpartum period. Prohibits shackling of adults in custody during labor, childbirth and postpartum recovery in hospital. Prohibits restrictions in movement that interfere with postpartum individual's ability to hold or nurse infant, establish milk supply or receive postpartum recovery care.] Limits use of mechanical restraints on adults in custody during labor, childbirth and postpartum recovery in hospital. Prohibits use of mechanical restraints in manner that interferes with postpartum individual's ability to hold or nurse infant, establish milk supply, obtain lactation support or receive postpartum recovery care. Prohibits pregnant persons or adults in custody who arrive at Department of Corrections facility from undergoing specified types of searches. Permits exceptions when determined and documented concern for safety or suspicion of contraband exists. Requires specified searches to be performed by health care professionals.] Requires department to use medically appropriate procedures constituting least restrictive means to ensure safe transport and arrival at correctional facility following adult in custody giving birth to child at hospital. Directs department to develop certain procedures to implement program and report to Legislative Assembly no later than March 15, 2024. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to paramilitary activity.. Description: Creates right of action for person injured by paramilitary activity. Expands definition of "civil disorder" for purposes of crime of unlawful paramilitary activity.] Creates right of action for person injured by paramilitary activity. Authorizes Attorney General to bring civil action for injunctive relief against paramilitary activity and authorizes use by Attorney General of investigative demands during investigation into paramilitary activity. Specifies exceptions.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to signed authorizations designating exclusive bargaining representation; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Employment Relations Board to develop guidelines and procedures for authorizations designating bargaining representatives of bargaining unit to be prepared and signed electronically. Requires Employment Relations Board to develop guidelines and procedures for authorizations designating bargaining representatives of bargaining unit to be prepared and signed electronically. Establishes requirements for petitions for representation that are submitted as electronic record. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to post-exposure prophylaxes.. Description: Requires hospitals to adopt policies and procedures to ensure provision of human immunodeficiency virus post-exposure prophylactic drugs or therapies following patient's possible exposure to human immunodeficiency virus. Requires hospitals to adopt policies and procedures to ensure provision of human immunodeficiency virus post-exposure prophylactic drugs or therapies following patient's possible exposure to human immunodeficiency virus. Requires Oregon Health Authority, once per year, to provide 30-day supply of prophylactic drugs or therapies to each type A and type B hospital, unless declined by hospital, at no cost to hospital. Prohibits health benefit plan from imposing deductibles, copayments, coinsurance or other cost-sharing on coverage of human immunodeficiency virus post-exposure prophylactic drugs or therapies following enrollee's possible exposure to human immunodeficiency virus.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to judicial review of local income tax questions; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Confers exclusive jurisdiction on Oregon Tax Court for judicial review of questions arising under local government tax laws that impose taxes on or measured by net income. Confers exclusive jurisdiction on Oregon Tax Court for judicial review of questions concerning income taxes imposed by local governments] arising under local government tax laws that impose taxes on or measured by net income. Applies to petitions filed on or after effective date of Act. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to physician assistants; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Specifies physician assistant scope of practice and duties of care when practicing medicine. Specifies physician assistant scope of practice and duties of care when practicing medicine. Removes requirement that physician assistant collaboration agreement with employer include physician assistant performance assessment. Clarifies that physician assistant is authorized to write prescriptions. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to throwing lighted material onto certain property.. Description: Modifies penalties for throwing lighted material onto certain property. Modifies penalties for throwing lighted material onto certain property. Punishes by maximum of $1,000 fine,] maximum of $2,000 fine, or if commission of offense creates risk of wildfire and] maximum of six months' imprisonment, $2,500 fine, or both, if commission of offense creates extreme risk of wildfire] conduct results in ignition of fire or occurs within forest protection district during fire season.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to respite service providers.. Description: Waives background check fee for employees and volunteers of certain respite service providers. Waives background check fee for employees and volunteers of certain respite service providers.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Oregon State Board of Nursing membership; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Governor, in appointing members to Oregon State Board of Nursing, to balance diversity of setting in which nurse or certified nursing assistant members provide care. Requires Governor, in appointing members to Oregon State Board of Nursing, to balance diversity of setting in which nurse or certified nursing assistant members provide care. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the cost of insulin.. Description: Limits cost-sharing for health benefit plan coverage of insulin prescribed for treatment of diabetes. Limits cost-sharing for health benefit plan coverage of insulin prescribed for treatment of diabetes.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to fees for educator preparation providers; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Changes operative date from January 1, 2026, to effective date of Act, for law removing authority of Teacher Standards and Practices Commission from establishing and collecting fee from educator preparation provider based on number of license applications received by commission from provider or type of educator preparation programs offered by provider. Changes operative date from January 1, 2026, to effective date of Act, for law removing authority of Teacher Standards and Practices Commission from establishing and collecting fee from educator preparation provider based on number of license applications received by commission from provider or type of educator preparation programs offered by provider. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care benefits for part-time faculty members at post-secondary institutions of education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires that dental and vision are included in health benefits available to part-time faculty members. Requires that dental and vision are included in health benefits available to part-time faculty members. Requires public institutions of higher education to notify potentially eligible part-time faculty members of eligibility requirements and details of health care benefits available to part-time faculty no later than 30 days before application deadline. Reduces amount of time part-time faculty must work to qualify for health care benefits from 50 percent of full-time equivalent employee to 30 percent of full-time equivalent employee. Requires institution to include noninstructional work when making eligibility determination.] Alters requirement for part-time faculty to qualify for health care benefits from 50 percent of full-time equivalent employee to part-time faculty member being eligible for membership in Public Employees Retirement System or comparable retirement plan. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school-based health practitioners; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Department of Education to conduct study to identify best methodology for determining appropriate number of students on workload for certain school-based health practitioners. Requires Department of Education to conduct study to identify best methodology for determining appropriate number of students on workload for certain school-based health practitioners. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to education not later than September 15, 2023] January 5, 2024. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to membership of the Oregon Medical Board; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Removes one member who has degree of Doctor of Medicine and adds one member who is physician assistant to membership of Oregon Medical Board. Removes one member who has degree of Doctor of Medicine and adds one member who is physician assistant to membership of Oregon Medical Board. Removes member who is retired physician assistant from board membership. Removes members who are emeritus board members. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to rental agreements for recreational vehicle spaces.. Description: Defines "recreational vehicle park" for the purposes of residential tenancy law. Defines "recreational vehicle park" for the purposes of residential tenancy law. Expands vacation occupancy exemption from residential tenancy laws to include recreational vehicle park occupancies of up to 90 days. Allows termination of tenancy without cause upon 14 days' notice for space siting recreational vehicle.] Reduces landlord requirements for disposal or sale of abandoned recreational vehicles.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to controlled substances; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Increases penalties for possession of certain amounts of fentanyl. Increases penalties for possession of certain amounts of fentanyl. Punishes by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both. Provides that delivery of fentanyl may be charged as commercial drug offense in specified circumstances. Increases sentencing guidelines crime category level for delivery of fentanyl for consideration. Adds alternative manner of measuring fentanyl for purposes of calculating crime category level for certain offenses involving possession, delivery or manufacture of fentanyl. Provides that misdemeanor-level unlawful possession of fentanyl is designated drug-related misdemeanor for purposes of supervising entity and supervision funding, justice and municipal court jurisdiction and eligibility for earned reduction of supervision. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to workforce requirements; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides that qualifying agency must require as material provision of public improvement contract that contractor establish and implement plan for outreach to and recruitment and retention of women, minority individuals and veterans to perform work under public improvement contract, with aspirational target of having individuals in one or more of these groups perform at least 15 percent of total work hours that workers perform under public improvement contract. Provides that qualifying agency must require as material provision of public improvement contract that contractor establish and implement plan for outreach to and recruitment and retention of women, minority individuals and veterans to perform work under public improvement contract, with aspirational target of having individuals in one or more of these groups perform at least 15 percent of total work hours that workers perform under public improvement contract. Specifies requirements for plan of outreach, recruitment and retention. Requires contractor to report information concerning contractor's and subcontractors' compliance with provisions of Act to qualifying agency as part of or as supplement to certified statements required for reporting compliance with prevailing wage requirements. Specifies required contents of reports. Requires qualifying agency to report information collected from contractors to Bureau of Labor and Industries and requires bureau to make specified reports to Legislative Assembly. Provides that qualifying agency may reduce payment due to contractor for failure to comply with requirement to employ apprentices on public improvement project and specifies formula for calculating amount of penalty. Requires qualifying agency to pay to State Treasury to credit of bureau amount equivalent to reduction of payment to contractor. Increases utilization of apprentices for work on public improvement projects from 12 percent of all work hours performed on the public improvement to 15 percent on January 1, 2027. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to small-scale meat animal processing.. Description: Provides licensing exemption for person slaughtering not more than 1,000 rabbits for use as human food. Provides licensing exemption for person slaughtering not more than 1,000 rabbits for use as human food.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to improvements in student success.. Description: Requires school districts to make available to students of school district specified informational surveys and to provide parents and guardians with notice and opportunity to review survey before it is administered. Requires school districts to make available to students of school district specified informational surveys and to provide parents and guardians with notice and opportunity to review survey before it is administered. Allows parents or guardians to decline to have their children participate in survey, and allows students to decline to participate in survey or decline to answer individual questions of survey. Directs Superintendent of Public Instruction to convene advisory committee to explore options for expanding or revising education accountability framework.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to temporary staffing agencies; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Health Licensing Office to establish process to receive and investigate complaints regarding temporary staffing agency. Requires Health Licensing Office to establish process to receive and investigate complaints regarding temporary staffing agency. Requires temporary staffing agency to ensure personnel meets certain requirements. Directs Oregon Health Authority to adopt rules to establish maximum rates that temporary staffing agency may charge to or receive from entity that engages temporary staffing agency. Directs authority to establish process to grant nonemergency waiver of maximum rates. Directs authority to establish process for emergency waiver of maximum rates and provides that request for emergency waiver is automatically approved and issued upon submission to authority. Becomes operative January 1, 2025. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the rights of students who have limited hearing capabilities.. Description: Declares children who are deaf, hard of hearing or deaf-blind have same rights and potential as children who are not deaf, hard of hearing or deaf-blind. Declares children who are deaf, hard of hearing or deaf-blind have same rights and potential as children who are not deaf, hard of hearing or deaf-blind. Requires school districts to provide children who are deaf, hard of hearing or deaf-blind with hearing and vision screenings and assessments, communication and language support and access to relevant services and programs at earliest possible age and throughout education experience.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public applicators; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes State Department of Agriculture to issue public applicator licenses and public trainee certificates to employees of federally recognized Indian tribes for purposes of pesticide application on lands other than Indian country. Authorizes State Department of Agriculture to issue public applicator licenses and public trainee certificates to employees of federally recognized Indian tribes for purposes of pesticide application on certain lands adjacent to tribal lands] lands other than Indian country. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to crime victim compensation.. Description: Modifies Department of Justice crime victim compensation program. Modifies Department of Justice crime victim compensation program. Expands definitions of "injury" and "survivor." Eliminates time requirement for notifying law enforcement officials of crime. Provides that law enforcement notification requirement is satisfied if victim took other specified actions. Authorizes compensation for counseling expenses for witness to death of victim or any person who first discovers deceased victim. Provides that medication prescribed in conjunction with counseling expenses or, for claims involving injuries, any medication associated with medical and hospital expenses, is compensable. Authorizes compensation for lost wages for parent or legal guardian of minor victim. Authorizes compensation for cleaning expenses related to death or injury of person. Authorizes department to award additional amount for funeral expenses. Increases maximum weekly compensation rate for loss of support to dependents of deceased victim. Provides that claims associated with review of assailant's case or hearing on assailant's release do not expire. Repeals provisions directing department not to process compensation application if victim owes financial obligation associated with prior criminal conviction. Directs department to process application for incarcerated applicant in normal course, and provides that such applicant is not eligible for compensation until release. Provides that information submitted to department by applicant is confidential.] Eliminates provisions directing department to notify district attorney when compensation claim is filed and defer compensation if prosecution is pending.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to applicant screening for residential tenants.. Description: Amends requirements for residential landlords accepting applicant screening charge. Amends requirements for residential landlords accepting applicant screening charge.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to child eligibility to participate in Employment Related Day Care subsidy program.. Description: Directs Early Learning Council to adopt rules to establish eligibility for certain children to participate in Employment Related Day Care subsidy program. Directs Early Learning Council to adopt rules to establish eligibility for certain children to participate in Employment Related Day Care subsidy program.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sign language interpreters; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes Health Licensing Office to issue sign language interpreter license to qualified applicant. Authorizes Health Licensing Office to issue sign language interpreter license to qualified applicant. Defines "sign language interpreter." Prohibits unlicensed provision of signed language interpretation services. Creates exceptions to prohibition. Allows office to impose discipline for certain violations. Directs office to provide administrative and regulatory oversight to sign language interpreter program. Establishes State Board of Sign Language Interpreters within office. Imposes civil penalty for violation of licensure requirements. Becomes operative January 1, 2024. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to staffing plans for health care provider entities; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires hospitals to establish professional and technical staff and service staff staffing committees, meeting specified criteria, to develop staffing plans, in addition to nurse staffing committee. Requires hospitals to establish professional and technical staff and service staff staffing committees, meeting specified criteria, to develop staffing plans, in addition to nurse staffing committee. Prescribes methods for resolving disputes arising in development of staffing plans. Establishes minimum nurse-to-patient staffing ratios for direct care registered nurses and provides exceptions. Imposes penalties for failure to adopt hospital staffing plans or to comply with staffing plans or requirements for development of staffing plans. Requires Oregon Health Authority to post staffing plans to authority's website and to establish method for filing complaints through authority's website regarding hospital's failure to adopt or to comply with staffing plans. Establishes mechanism for employees or exclusive representatives of employees of hospitals to seek enforcement by Bureau of Labor and Industries of rules adopted by bureau regarding meal periods and rest periods. Prescribes complaint process. Adds enforcement tools for authority to enforce nurse staffing requirements. Prohibits imposition of new provisions regarding civil penalties for violations occurring before June 1, 2025. Restricts to specified provisions authority's statutory authorization to adopt rules related to hospital staffing. Declares emergency, effective September 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the recognition of classified school employees.. Description: Provides that first full week in March is known as Classified School Employees Week. Provides that first full week in March is known as Classified School Employees Week.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to outdoor preschool programs; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Adds outdoor child care program to definition of "child care facility." Requires Early Learning Council to adopt rules governing the operation of outdoor child care programs. Adds outdoor child care program to definition of "child care facility." Requires Early Learning Council to adopt rules governing the operation of outdoor child care programs. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Early Learning and Care to certify outdoor child care programs. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to crime victims.. Description: Directs district attorney to petition court for order requiring defendant charged with certain crimes to submit to testing for HIV and other communicable diseases. Requires Department of Justice to study services for crime victims. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary not later than September 15, 2024.] Directs district attorney to petition court for order requiring defendant charged with certain crimes to submit to testing for HIV and other communicable diseases. Specifies when testing must be done and when results must be provided to victim and defendant.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pharmacy benefit managers; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits pharmacy benefit manager from retroactively denying or reducing payment on claim after adjudication unless pharmacy and pharmacy benefit manager agree that payment was incorrect due to clerical error. Prohibits pharmacy benefit manager from retroactively denying or reducing payment on claim after adjudication unless pharmacy and pharmacy benefit manager agree that payment was incorrect due to clerical error. Prohibits pharmacy benefit manager from imposing fees on rural] pharmacies after point of sale. Requires pharmacy benefit manager, if denying or reducing reimbursement on claim, to provide notice to pharmacy of specific claim that is denied or reduced and explanation for denial or reduction. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Crater Lake National Park Day; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Designates May 22 of each year as Crater Lake National Park Day. Designates May 22 of each year as Crater Lake National Park Day. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to work group to examine expansion of child care facilities; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Department of Land and Conservation and Development to convene work group to examine strategies for expanding early learning and care facilities in this state. Directs Department of Land and Conservation and Development to convene work group to examine strategies for expanding early learning and care facilities in this state. Sunsets work group on January 2, 2025. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to child safety; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Justice for Crime Victim and Survivor Services Division, for distribution to eligible children's advocacy centers. Modifies allocation formula for grants to children's advocacy centers. Establishes Child Abuse Assessment Account within State Treasury for purpose of grant program for children's advocacy centers. Authorizes Child Abuse Multidisciplinary Intervention Program to reallocate undistributed moneys to specified organizations. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Justice for purpose of funding grant program. Limits biennial expenditures by department for grant program from Child Abuse Assessment Account.] Modifies authority of Advisory Council on Child Abuse Assessment to deposit contributions to Child Abuse Multidisciplinary Intervention Account and Child Abuse Assessment Account.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Justice for Crime Victim and Survivor Services Division, for distribution to eligible children's advocacy centers. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transfers of state property.. Description: Allows agencies to sell, lease or donate agency's real property or interests in real property to eligible Indian tribes notwithstanding ordinary transfer procedures. Allows agencies to sell, lease or donate agency's state] real property of agency] or interests in real property to eligible Indian tribes notwithstanding ordinary transfer procedures.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to part-time faculty.. Description: Modifies method for calculation of hours of employment of academic employees of community colleges and public universities for purposes of Public Employees Retirement System. Establishes uniform method for calculating eligibility of part-time faculty member of community college or public university for certain health care, retirement and other benefits.] Modifies method for calculation of hours of employment of academic employees of community colleges and public universities for purposes of Public Employees Retirement System.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the compensation of directors of district school boards; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows district school board to choose to provide directors with monthly stipend and individual directors to decline to receive stipend. Allows district school board to choose to provide directors with monthly stipend and individual directors to decline to receive stipend. Requires board to provide reimbursements for actual and necessary expenses if board does not provide stipend. Allows board to choose to provide reimbursements for actual and necessary expenses if board does provide stipend. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to crisis services; prescribing an effective date; and providing for revenue raising that requires approval by a three-fifths majority.. Description: Expands and provides funding for coordinated crisis services system including 9-8-8 suicide prevention and behavioral health crisis hotline. Expands and provides funding for coordinated crisis services system including 9-8-8 suicide prevention and behavioral health crisis hotline. Establishes 9-8-8 Trust Fund. Imposes 9-8-8 tax on consumers and retail subscribers who have telecommunications service or interconnected Voice over Internet Protocol service and who have prepaid telecommunications services, to pay for crisis services system. Exempts from taxation telecommunications services provided, based on need, under plan of assistance. Applies to subscriber bills issued and retail transactions made on or after January 1, 2024, and before January 1, 2030. Requires city to enter into memorandum of understanding with county regarding provision of mobile crisis intervention services. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to penalties that apply to persons that assist in violations of laws that regulate calls to telephone subscribers; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides that person that knows or consciously avoids knowing that another person is engaging in act or practice that violates laws that regulate telephone solicitations or use of automatic dialing and announcing devices and nonetheless provides substantial assistance or support for violation is liable for loss and subject to penalty to same extent as person that engaged in violation. Provides that person that knows or consciously avoids knowing that another person is engaging in act or practice that violates laws that regulate telephone solicitations or use of automatic dialing and announcing devices and nonetheless provides substantial assistance or support for violation is liable for loss and subject to penalty to same extent as person that engaged in violation. Specifies exemptions. Punishes violation as unlawful practice under Unlawful Trade Practices Act. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to financing of affordable housing by Housing and Community Services Department.. Description: Expands Housing and Community Services Department ability to allow financing of certain affordable residential units within certain housing developments subject to limits established by Oregon Housing Stability Council. Expands Housing and Community Services Department ability to allow financing of certain affordable residential units within mixed-income or mixed-use] certain housing developments subject to limits established by Oregon Housing Stability Council.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to recovery schools; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes requirements for approving recovery schools. Establishes requirements for approving recovery schools. Prescribes standards and funding provisions related to approved recovery schools. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to domestic terrorism.. Description: Defines terms. Defines terms. Creates crime of domestic terrorism in the first degree. Punishes by maximum penalty of 10 years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine, or both. Creates crime of domestic terrorism in the second degree. Punishes by maximum penalty of five years' imprisonment, $125,000 fine, or both. Directs Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to classify crimes as specified crime categories of sentencing guidelines grid.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Bracero Program Day; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Designates August 4 of each year as Bracero Program Day. Designates ___] August 4 of each year as Bracero Program Day. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transportation; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Jurisdictional Transfer Advisory Committee within Department of Transportation. Establishes Jurisdictional Transfer Advisory Committee within Department of Transportation. Sunsets committee January 2, 2029. Increases expenditure limitation for Department of Transportation to carry out provisions of Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to post-secondary students working at nonprofit corporations; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes pilot program at Portland State University and Eastern Oregon University to enhance hiring of public university students by nonprofit organizations. Establishes pilot program at Portland State University and Eastern Oregon University to enhance hiring of public university students by nonprofit organizations. Requires Portland State University and Eastern Oregon University to submit reports to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to higher education by September 15 of each year. Appropriates moneys for purposes of conducting program. Sunsets program on January 2, 2028. Declares emergency, effective on July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Department of Human Services' workforce; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Department of Human Services to conduct annual assessment of workforce capacity and needs in each program and unit of department and report results to interim committees of Legislative Assembly no later than September 30 of each even-numbered year. Requires Department of Human Services to conduct annual assessment of workforce capacity and needs in each division] program and unit of department and report results to interim committees of Legislative Assembly no later than February 1] September 30 of each even-numbered year. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public meetings; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides that use of serial electronic written communication or use of intermediaries to communicate may constitute meeting of governing body subject to public meetings law if other specified conditions are satisfied. Provides that use of serial electronic written communication or use of intermediaries to communicate may constitute meeting of governing body subject to public meetings law if other specified conditions are satisfied. Provides that public meetings law does not apply to communications that are purely factual or educational, that are unrelated to any matter that governing body could foreseeably deliberate on or decide or that are nonsubstantive in nature. Requires Oregon Government Ethics Commission to provide, or arrange for other organization to provide, annual training on requirements of public meetings law and best practices to enhance compliance with public meetings law. Requires members of governing bodies with total fiscal year expenditures above threshold amount to attend training at least once per term of public office. Excludes state government governing bodies from training requirements. Expands duties of commission to conduct investigations, make findings and impose penalties for violations of public meetings law. Authorizes any person to file complaint with commission alleging that meetings were not in compliance with public meetings law. Requires complainant to have first made written grievance with public body whose governing body is alleged to have violated public meetings law so as to provide governing body opportunity to cure decisions made in violation of public meetings law. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public meetings; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes governing body of public body to meet in executive session to consider matters relating to safety of governing body, public body staff and public body volunteers and to security of public body facilities and meeting spaces, and relating to cyber security infrastructure and responses to cyber security threats. Authorizes governing body of public body to meet in executive session to consider matters relating to safety of governing body, public body staff and public body volunteers and to security of public body facilities and meeting spaces, and relating to cyber security infrastructure and responses to cyber security threats. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to income tax deductions for personal casualty loss; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Creates Oregon tax subtraction for amounts of personal casualty loss that are barred from deduction on federal tax return because loss is not attributable to federally declared disaster. Creates Oregon tax subtraction for amounts of personal casualty loss that are barred from deduction on federal tax return because loss is not attributable to federally declared disaster. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2020, and before January 1, 2026. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to podiatry.. Description: Clarifies area of leg to which definition of "podiatry" applies. Clarifies area of leg to which definition of "podiatry" applies.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to vertiports.. Description: Prohibits governing body of local government from granting exclusive right to one operator to develop vertiports or control vertiport operations within local government's jurisdiction. Prohibits governing body of local government from granting exclusive right to one operator to develop vertiports or control vertiport operations within local government's jurisdiction.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to employees in an appropriate bargaining unit that may be charged certain representation fees.. Description: Expands list of employees that may be charged certain representation fees to include employees of Department of Corrections and of Oregon Corrections Enterprises, and parole and probation officers who supervise adult offenders. Expands list of employees that may be charged certain representation fees to include employees of Department of Corrections and of Oregon Corrections Enterprises, and parole and probation officers who supervise adult offenders.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to military leave.. Description: Increases military leave of absence to which public employee who is member of National Guard, National Guard Reserve or reserve component of Armed Forces of the United States or of United States Public Health Service is entitled to 21 work days. Specifies] Increases military leave of absence entitled for public employee for initial active duty for training and annual active duty training as] to which public employee who is member of National Guard, National Guard Reserve or reserve component of Armed Forces of the United States or of United States Public Health Service is for days that are] entitled to 21 work days. Permits officer or employee to use military leave for active duty or inactive duty for training, state active duty and duty under Title 10 or 32 of United States Code.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing development; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Amends Oregon Housing Needs Analysis and land use requirements for local governments related to urbanization. Establishes Oregon Housing Needs Analysis within Housing and Community Services Department. Establishes timeline by which department must adopt rules and implement analysis components.] Amends Oregon Housing Needs Analysis and land use requirements for local governments related to urbanization , including requiring Metro to adopt housing coordination strategy and allowing cities outside of Metro to adopt rural reserves. Requires Land Conservation and Development Commission to adopt or amend implementing rules by January 1, 2026]. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to use of recreational vehicles while abating natural disaster damages.. Description: Extends time during which recreational vehicle may be sited on lot with single-family dwelling that was damaged by natural disaster. Extends time during which recreational vehicle may be sited on lot with single-family dwelling that was damaged by natural disaster. Extends allowance until December 30, 2030, for dwellings destroyed in 2020 wildfires.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school emergency preparedness.. Description: Encourages schools to provide instruction on preparing for, and recovering from, fires, earthquakes, safety threats and natural disasters. Requires] Encourages schools to provide instruction on preparing for, and recovering from, fires, earthquakes, safety threats and natural disasters. Directs Department of Education to prepare curriculum] develop guidance and provide professional development.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to research on primates.. Description: Requires Oregon Health and Science University to annually publish on website of university certain information related to research using nonhuman primates. Requires institution or research facility that performs research, testing or studies involving nonhuman primates to annually report certain information to State Veterinarian. Provides that each day of violation is specific fine violation punishable by fine of not more than $____.] Requires Oregon Health and Science University to annually publish on website of university certain information related to research using nonhuman primates.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to academic content standards for social studies.. Description: Expands list of individuals whose histories, contributions and perspectives are required to be included in social studies academic content standards and in related textbooks and instructional materials. Expands list of individuals whose histories, contributions and perspectives are required to be included in social studies academic content standards and in related textbooks and instructional materials.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to marine vessels; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Oregon Abandoned and Derelict Vessel program in Department of State Lands to address abandoned and derelict vessels. Establishes Task Force on Abandoned and Derelict Vessels. Directs task force to examine issues related to seizing and disposing of abandoned vessels and derelict vessels.] Directs State Marine Board and Department of State Lands to jointly identify and prioritize abandoned vessels and derelict vessels for disposal.] Directs Department of State Lands to develop web-based mapping tool for receiving information about location of suspected and confirmed abandoned vessel or derelict vessel.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Establishes Oregon Abandoned and Derelict Vessel program in Department of State Lands to address abandoned and derelict vessels. Creates Oregon Abandoned and Derelict Vessel Fund. Provides that moneys in fund may be used to carry out program. Directs department to submit progress report to committees of Legislative Assembly related to environment, land use and natural resources on or before February 15, 2024. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sales of certain animals by retail pet stores; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Prohibits retail pet store from offering to sell or selling dogs or cats. Prohibits retail pet store from offering to sell or selling dogs or cats. Specifies exceptions. Removes exceptions on September 1, 2028. Provides that violation is subject to civil penalty not to exceed $500. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to hospital workforces.. Description: Requires hospitals to file certain reports showing demographics of hospitals' workforces with Commissioner of the Bureau of Labor and Industries for posting to Bureau of Labor and Industries' website. Requires hospitals to file certain reports showing demographics of hospitals' workforces with Commissioner of the Bureau of Labor and Industries for posting to Bureau of Labor and Industries' website. Prescribes civil penalties] penalty for noncompliance.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to bonding requirements for persons licensed by the Construction Contractors Board; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Increases bond amounts that persons licensed by Construction Contractors Board must maintain. Increases bond amounts that persons licensed by Construction Contractors Board must maintain. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health equity; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Extends deadlines for affinity group task forces to complete their work with respect to allocations of resources to address communities' needs and health inequities faced by communities and to report recommendations to Legislative Assembly. Extends deadlines for affinity group task forces to complete their work with respect to allocations of resources to address communities' needs and health inequities faced by communities and to report recommendations to Legislative Assembly. Extends deadlines for Oregon Health Authority to develop recommendations for linguistically specific intervention programs and to report recommendations to Legislative Assembly. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the enforcement of water laws.. Description: Authorizes Water Resources Department to seek injunctive relief if person has engaged, or is about to engage, in activity that is or will be violation of certain water laws. Authorizes Water Resources Department to seek injunctive relief if person has engaged, or is about to engage, in activity that is or will be violation of certain water laws. Sunsets injunctive authority on January 2, 2030. Instructs department to report, on or before September 15, 2028, to committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to water on department's use of injunctive authority.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to cannabis; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs State Department of Agriculture, in consultation with Oregon Health Authority and Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission, to establish cannabis reference laboratory to support enforcement of cannabis regulation. Requires Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission to study cannabis. Directs commission to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary not later than September 15, 2024.] Directs State Department of Agriculture, in consultation with Oregon Health Authority and Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission, to establish cannabis reference laboratory to support enforcement of cannabis regulation. Includes laboratory licensed by commission in definition of "licensee" for purposes of regulation of adult use cannabis. Prohibits laboratory from holding any other adult use cannabis license issued by commission. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to uncollectible property taxes; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Cancels outstanding ad valorem property taxes and interest assessed on property transferred from federal government to port district. Cancels outstanding ad valorem property taxes and interest assessed on property transferred from federal government to port district. Cancels ad valorem property taxes and interest that have been outstanding since before January 1, 2012, assessed on real property owned by port without working waterfront, provided tax collector has exhausted all remedies provided by law for collection. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to angling.. Description: Authorizes State Department of Fish and Wildlife to waive certain requirements for black bass and walleye angling competitions if department determines that limiting black bass or walleye populations would benefit native fish species or ecological health of body of water. Authorizes State Department of Fish and Wildlife to waive certain requirements for black bass and walleye angling competitions if department determines that limiting black bass or walleye populations would benefit native fish species or ecological health of body of water. Permits department to authorize any person to remove nonindigenous aquatic species from specified area if nonindigenous aquatic species is adversely affecting native fish species.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to voluntary in-stream leasing of water rights; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides that specially assessed irrigated farmland may not be disqualified from special assessment if landowner has active in-stream lease for water rights appurtenant to such irrigated farmland and farmland is being used according to accepted farming practices that are mode of operation customarily utilized in conjunction with farm use. Includes as permissible farm use for purposes of property tax special assessment operation or use of farmland subject to farm-related government program for voluntary in-stream leasing of water rights.] Provides that specially assessed irrigated farmland may not be disqualified from special assessment if landowner has active in-stream lease for water rights appurtenant to such irrigated farmland and farmland is being used according to accepted farming practices that are mode of operation customarily utilized in conjunction with farm use. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pawnbrokers.. Description: Increases fees that pawnbroker may charge for certain services. Increases fees that pawnbroker may charge for certain services.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to paying insurance claims for losses from major disasters; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires insurer to offer 70 percent of coverage insured previously purchased for contents of residence to insured who holds policy of personal insurance without requiring inventory of loss if total loss of contents occurs as result of major disaster. Requires insurer to offer 70 percent of coverage insured previously purchased for contents of residence to insured who holds policy of personal insurance without requiring inventory of loss if total loss of contents occurs as result of major disaster. Requires insurer to notify insured that additional benefits may be available if insured submits inventory. Requires insurer to disclose methodology for depreciating covered property] information about how insurer determines depreciated value of contents of insured property, if insurer provides depreciated value, and to make certain payments within specified time limits. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing.. Description: Allows conversion of building from commercial use to housing within urban growth boundary under certain conditions. Allows conversion of building from commercial use to housing within urban growth boundary under certain conditions. Prohibits, for such conversions, local governments from enforcing parking minimums and limits collection of system development charges.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Healthy Homes Program; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes Oregon Health Authority to establish by rule maximum percentage of grant funds that grant recipients under Healthy Homes Program may use for administrative expenses. Requires Oregon Health Authority to study grants under Healthy Homes Program. Directs authority to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to public health not later than September 15, 2024.] Authorizes Oregon Health Authority to establish by rule maximum percentage of grant funds that grant recipients under Healthy Homes Program may use for administrative expenses. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to enhancing access to jobs in the early childhood workforce; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Early Learning and Care to commission independent study regarding barriers to attaining high quality early childhood workforce. Directs Department of Early Learning and Care to commission independent study regarding barriers to attaining high quality early childhood workforce. Requires department to adopt rules that address barriers that impede entry into early childhood workforce by early childhood professionals, no later than December 31, 2024] 2025. Requires department to submit reports to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to early learning and care on results of study and], status of rulemaking and certain recommendations for legislation]. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to hearing.. Description: Modifies requirements for health insurance coverage of hearing-related items and services. Modifies requirements for health insurance coverage of hearing-related items and services. Requires Oregon Health Authority, through medical assistance program, and Public Employees' Benefit Board and Oregon Educators Benefit Board, through health benefit plans offered by boards, to provide hearing-related items and services specified for health insurance coverage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Gold Star Family members; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Transportation to waive fee for Fallen Hero roadside memorial highway sign if applicant is Gold Star Family member and funds are appropriated or otherwise made available to department for purpose of paying fees. Directs Department of Transportation to waive fee for Fallen Hero roadside memorial highway sign if applicant is Gold Star Family member and funds are appropriated or otherwise made available to department for purpose of paying fees. Directs department to waive surcharge for Gold Star Family registration plate if applicant is Gold Star Family member and funds are appropriated or otherwise made available to department for purpose of paying surcharge. Changes expenditure limitation for Department of Transportation to cover cost of Fallen Hero roadside memorial signs and veterans' recognition registration plates. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to financial assistance for early child care infrastructure activities; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Oregon Business Development Department to provide financial assistance to eligible applicants to pay for allowable costs related to early child care infrastructure activities. Directs Oregon Business Development Department to provide financial assistance to eligible applicants to pay for allowable costs related to early child care infrastructure activities. Authorizes department to allocate percentage from funds appropriated to department] Requires Department of Early Learning and Care to establish program to award grants to nonprofit entities for redistribution by nonprofit entities to eligible applicants. Permits Department of Early Learning and Care to provide technical assistance to support applicants approved to receive financial assistance with implementing child care infrastructure expansion activities. Requires Oregon Business Development Department to enter into interagency agreement with Department of Early Learning and Care to permit Oregon Business and Development Department to transfer funds to Department of Early Learning and Care to pay costs of providing technical assistance.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health insurance.. Description: Limits ability of insurers offering dental benefit to require reimbursement of claims by credit card or electronic funds transfer. Limits ability of insurers offering dental benefit to require reimbursement of claims by credit card or electronic funds transfer. Imposes conditions on third party network contracts for leasing of dental provider panels. Authorizes Department of Consumer and Business Services to adopt rules to allow individual or group policy or certificate of health insurance to impose copayment of no more than $5 for primary care visit if necessary to comply with federal requirements for equal coverage of mental health and physical health care services in insurance.
In 2023, Oregon enrolled a bill titled: Relating to pharmacy benefits; declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires pharmacy benefit managers to be licensed by Department of Consumer and Business Services beginning January 1, 2024. Requires pharmacy benefit managers to be licensed by Department of Consumer and Business Services beginning January 1, 2024. Modifies definition of "pharmacy benefit manager" and imposes new requirements on pharmacy benefit managers. Modifies procedures for pharmacy to appeal payment by pharmacy benefit manager on claim for reimbursement. Restricts audits of pharmacy claims for reimbursement. Requires policies or certificates of health insurance and contracts providing for reimbursement of cost of prescription drugs to allow policyholder, certificate holder and beneficiary to select pharmacy or pharmacist for filling prescriptions and prescription renewals, to contract with any pharmacy or pharmacist willing to abide by terms and conditions of policy, certificate or contract. Imposes new requirements with respect to insurance coverage of 340B drugs. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Consumer and Business Services for purpose of employment assistance in regulation of pharmacy benefit managers. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to approved transportation costs for school districts.. Description: Directs State Board of Education to adopt rules that allow for reimbursement of school district expenses incurred for alternative transportation costs. Directs State Board of Education to adopt rules that allow for reimbursement of school district expenses incurred for alternative transportation costs. Prohibits reimbursements that are greater than amount school district would have received if school district had provided transportation that is not alternative transportation.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to employment protections; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Prohibits employer from requiring employee to use vacation, sick or annual leave for time spent by employee as appointed member of state board or commission. Prohibits employer from requiring employee to use vacation, sick or annual leave for time spent by employee as appointed member of board, commission, council or committee created by statute] state board or commission. Provides that protections apply to employee who has provided employer with at least 21 days' advance notice of time employee needs to spend in service of state board or commission. Authorizes employee alleging violation to file complaint with Commissioner of Bureau of Labor and Industries. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to ventilation quality in schools.. Description: Requires school districts undertaking HVAC infrastructure improvements for which state and federal funds are made specifically available to expend such funds on certain activities aimed at improving indoor air ventilation quality in schools. Requires Department of Education to study matters related to ventilation and energy efficiency in schools. Requires department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to education not later than September 15, 2024.] Requires school districts undertaking HVAC infrastructure improvements for which state and federal funds are made specifically available to expend such funds on certain activities aimed at improving indoor air ventilation quality in schools. Requires that school district require contractor performing work on school HVAC infrastructure improvements to meet certain standards. Requires school district that completes ventilation adjustments, improvements or repairs recommended by mechanical engineer to submit HVAC verification report to Department of Education. Requires department to retain copy of report for five years. Provides that verification report is subject to public inspection under public records laws.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to outdoor school programs.. Description: Directs Oregon State University Extension Service to collaborate with Department of Education for purpose of identifying and collecting student data relevant for maintenance of outdoor school programs. Directs Oregon State University Extension Service to collaborate with Department of Education for purpose of identifying and collecting student data relevant for maintenance of outdoor school programs.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to preservation of publicly supported housing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits terminations and rent increases for three years after tenants' housing is withdrawn from publicly supported housing. Limits terminations and rent increases for three years after tenants' housing is withdrawn from publicly supported housing. Requires owners or landlords to provide notice to new tenants and applicants during notice period before withdrawal from publicly supported housing. Allows Housing and Community Services Department to record extension of affordability restrictions for publicly supported housing if property owner misses certain deadlines. Allows department to record right of first refusal if no qualified purchaser makes an offer. Makes other amendments to publicly supported housing preservation program. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to chemicals in children's products; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Revises provisions relating to chemicals in children's products. Revises provisions relating to chemicals in children's products. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to airport infrastructure resilience; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Oregon Department of Aviation to conduct study developing plan for strategic investment for airports in this state and to report to appropriate interim committee of Legislative Assembly no later than January 1, 2024. Directs Oregon Department of Aviation to study issues related to improving airport infrastructure resilience and to report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on or before September 15, 2024.] Sunsets January 2, 2025.] Directs Oregon Department of Aviation to conduct study developing plan for strategic investment for airports in this state and to report to appropriate interim committee of Legislative Assembly no later than January 1, 2024. Sunsets January 2, 2024. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to emergency management; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Oregon Disaster Response Assistance Matching Fund. Establishes Oregon Disaster Response Assistance Matching Fund. Provides that moneys in fund may be used to issue grants to local governments to make matching contributions necessary to access federal aid or issue grants to assist or support disaster response efforts. Requires Legislative Revenue Officer to study granting tax benefit to emergency management volunteers. Directs officer to submit report of findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to revenue not later than September 15, 2024. Establishes Compliance Division within Oregon Department of Emergency Management to ensure compliance with requirements and regulations relating to moneys received from federal government. Expands statute allowing certain public bodies to grant paid leave of absence to public employee who volunteers to participate in disaster relief or recovery services in state. Directs department to provide technical assistance to local entities that are active in emergency preparedness, response or recovery. Directs department to issue grants for support of community organizations active in disaster in Oregon. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to high school diplomas; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Department of Education to conduct study to examine possibility of creating high school equivalency diploma and submit report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to education. Provides that high school student in grade 11 or 12 may be awarded high school equivalency diploma if student has received certificate for passing approved high school equivalency test and meets other conditions.] Requires Department of Education to conduct study to examine possibility of creating high school equivalency diploma and submit report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to education. Allows student who is 16 or 17 years old to take high school equivalency test with consent of parent or legal guardian. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public disclosure of voter records; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Secretary of State to establish provision to be included in each nominating petition or declaration of candidacy that allows candidate to check box indicating that candidate does not want candidate's residence address to be publicly disclosed except in response to written public records request. Requires Secretary of State to establish provision to be included in each nominating petition or declaration of candidacy that allows candidate to check box indicating that candidate does not want candidate's residence address to be publicly disclosed except in response to written public records request. Requires Secretary of State to establish method to allow public office holder to indicate desire not to have public office holder's residence address be publicly disclosed except in response to written public records request. Prohibits Secretary of State and county clerks from disclosing as public record, except in response to written public records request, or including on lists of electors, residence address of candidate or public office holder who indicated desire to limit public accessibility of residence address elector who is candidate for elected office or holder of elected office]. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon enrolled a bill titled: Relating to anonymous surrenders of infants.. Description: Extends safe surrender period for anonymously leaving infant at authorized facility to 60 days from infant's date of birth. Extends safe surrender period for anonymously leaving infant at authorized facility to 60 days from infant's date of birth. Directs Department of Human Services] authorized facility to post and maintain signs informing public of authorized facilities and safe surrender provisions. Appropriates moneys to department for purpose of designing and posting signs.] Directs Department of Human Services to design signs that must be posted.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicles.. Description: Directs Department of Transportation to adopt rules permitting vehicle dealers or financial institutions to electronically transmit documents necessary to take actions related to vehicle ownership including registering and titling vehicles. Directs Department of Transportation to allow vehicle dealers that sold more than 100 vehicles in previous calendar year to electronically transmit certain documents related to vehicle sales.] Directs Department of Transportation to adopt rules permitting vehicle dealers or financial institutions to electronically transmit documents necessary to take actions related to vehicle ownership including registering and titling vehicles. Provides that vehicle dealer records may be kept electronically. Authorizes department to issue title to vehicle dealers under certain circumstances.] Directs Department of Transportation to provide primary security interest holder of vehicle with electronic title if requested.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the State Fish and Wildlife Commission.. Description: Clarifies process of Senate confirmation of members of State Fish and Wildlife Commission. Clarifies process of Senate confirmation of members of State Fish and Wildlife Commission. Provides that commission must consist of one member from each of five regional river basin management areas in state, one member from west of Cascade Mountains and one member from east of Cascade Mountains.] Makes certain changes to qualifications of members of commission.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to certificates to use water for hydroelectric purposes within an artificial delivery system.. Description: Provides that municipal corporation or people's utility district may apply for certificate to use water for hydroelectric purposes within piped conduit in artificial delivery system that is delivering water for municipal uses even if municipal corporation or people's utility district is not holder of underlying municipal water right, with permission of holder of underlying municipal water right. Provides that municipal corporation or people's utility district may apply for certificate to use water for hydroelectric purposes within piped conduit in artificial delivery system that is delivering water for municipal uses even if municipal corporation or people's utility district is not holder of underlying municipal water right, with permission of holder of underlying municipal water right.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public records; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Exempts from public disclosure personal information of employees and retirees maintained by retirement system operated by local government. Exempts from public disclosure personal information of employees and retirees maintained by retirement system operated by local government. Clarifies that personal information of employees and volunteers of public body is exempt from disclosure regardless of record in which information is maintained. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Commemorating 50th anniversary of Oregon Bottle Bill.. Description: Commemorates 50th anniversary of Oregon Bottle Bill. Commemorates 50th anniversary of Oregon Bottle Bill.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the security of state assets; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Identifies certain covered vendors. Identifies certain covered vendors. Directs State Chief Information Officer to adopt rules pertaining to designation of corporate entity as additional covered vendor for purposes of protecting state information technology assets. Prohibits installation or download of certain] covered products onto state information technology assets. Prohibits use or access of certain] covered products by state information technology assets. Requires state agencies to remove covered products from state information technology assets and implement all measures necessary to prevent installation or download of certain] covered products onto state information technology assets and use or access of certain] covered products by state information technology assets. Permits state agency to permit download, installation, use or access of covered product for purpose of carrying out law enforcement activities] investigatory, regulatory or law enforcement purposes. Requires state agency that permits download, installation, use or access of covered product to adopt risk mitigation standards and procedures. Requires Secretary of State and State Treasurer to prohibit covered products of certain covered vendors from being installed or downloaded onto, or used or accessed by, state information technology assets, remove covered products installed or downloaded onto state information technology assets and implement all measures necessary to prevent installation or download of covered products onto, and use or access of covered products by, state information technology assets. Permits Secretary of State or State Treasurer to permit download, installation, use or access of covered product for investigatory, regulatory or law enforcement purposes if Secretary of State or State Treasurer adopts risk mitigation standards and procedures. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to funding for small school districts.. Description: Preserves additional funding for small school districts that merge with one or more school districts if certain conditions are met. Preserves additional funding for small school districts that merge with one or more school districts if certain conditions are met.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to benefits for public employees.. Description: Removes requirement that Public Employees' Benefit Board and Oregon Educators Benefit Board solicit new bids for actuarial or technical support every three years. Removes requirement that Public Employees' Benefit Board and Oregon Educators Benefit Board solicit new bids for actuarial or technical support every three years.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Office of Administrative Hearings.. Description: Provides that Governor's appointment of chief administrative law judge is subject to confirmation by Senate. Provides that Governor's appointment of chief administrative law judge is subject to confirmation by Senate. Modifies qualifications and appointment process for chief administrative law judge. Modifies provisions relating to Office of Administrative Hearings Oversight Committee.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the securitization of public utility expenditures other than expenditures for generation asset retirement; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes public utility, upon approval by Public Utility Commission, to issue bonds and securitize debt for costs and expenses incurred or to be incurred by public utility associated with events subject to federal or state declaration of emergency. Authorizes public utility, upon approval by Public Utility Commission, to issue bonds and securitize debt for costs and expenses incurred or to be incurred by public utility associated with events subject to federal or state declaration of emergency. Establishes criteria and procedures for commission for approving public utility's application to designate rate recovery expenditures as bondable and establish rate schedules to recover rate recovery expenditures. Requires commission to issue financing order if commission approves public utility's application. Requires financing order to include certain provisions. Permits public utility, finance subsidiary or assignee to grant security interest in rate recovery assets as collateral for rate recovery bonds. Establishes requirements and procedures for attaching and perfecting security interest and for perfecting transfer of rate recovery assets to assignee. Limits rights and remedies of secured party in enforcing secured interest to rate recovery assets. Declares that State of Oregon and all public bodies pledge and agree with public utilities, assignees, bondholders and financing parties to not reduce, alter or impair rate recovery assets, rate recovery bonds or security for rate recovery bonds, or rate recovery charges or collection of rate recovery charges. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to highway speeds.. Description: Expands Department of Transportation's authority to allow specified counties, including Marion County, to designate speeds on highways within county's jurisdiction under certain circumstances. Expands Department of Transportation's authority to allow specified counties, including Marion County, to designate speeds on highways within county's jurisdiction under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to statewide education plans; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Education to develop and implement statewide education plan for students who are Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander. Directs Department of Education to develop and implement statewide education plan for students who are Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander. Requires all statewide education plans to include strategies that provide for alignment with other statewide education plans. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to missing persons.. Description: Authorizes peace officer to issue investigative subpoena or request order from circuit court for information regarding missing individual if specified standards are met. Authorizes peace officer to issue investigative subpoena or request order from circuit court for information regarding missing individual if specified standards are met. Removes authority for peace officer to request investigative subpoena from circuit court. Provides that person may respond to subpoena or court order by asserting right against self-incrimination or any other right. Provides that person receiving subpoena or court order may apply to circuit court for relief. Requires that subpoena or court order provide notice of certain rights. Provides that immunity applies only to criminal investigation or prosecution of missing individual.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing.. Description: Limits improvements that landlord of manufactured dwelling park may require of tenant. Limits improvements that landlord of manufactured dwelling park may require of tenant. Requires Attorney General to update model statement by January 1, 2025.] Extends until January 2, 2027, sunset for grants for legal assistance for low-income facility tenants and for existence of Manufactured and Marina Communities Dispute Resolution Advisory Committee. Amends legal assistance grant program. Limits income-to-rent ratio for facility applicants who receive disability or Social Security income.] Expands affordable housing that is developable on nonresidential lands. Expands manufactured dwelling park preservation loan program to allow loaned moneys to be used to develop new parks. Allows Housing and Community Services Department to apply program change to moneys already loaned.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to procedures associated with filings made with the Public Utility Commission.. Description: Modifies period of suspension of proposed utility rate or schedule of rates pending investigation and determination from initial six-month period plus additional three-month period to single nine-month period. Modifies period of suspension of proposed utility rate or schedule of rates pending investigation and determination from initial six-month period plus additional three-month period to single nine-month period. Extends period during which Public Utility Commission shall issue order on application to acquire public utility from within 19 business days of receiving application to 11 months. Permits commission to extend period to issue order for up to four months for cause] by agreement between commission and applicant. Requires water utility that applies for order designating area as exclusive service territory to include in application copy of notice of filing and to give notice within 30 days of filing application by mail or electronic mail to all customers of record of water utility in area described in application, and] by press release to news media local to area described in application and by publication in one or more newspapers of general circulation in area described in application. Requires notice to describe area of proposed exclusive service territory and general rate impact to existing customers. Removes requirement that notice be published in local newspaper or newspapers of general circulation.] Requires person providing utility service who contracts with another person providing similar utility service for purpose of allocating territories and customers to give notice of contract filed with Public Utility Commission by mail or electronic mail to all customers of record affected by contract, and] by press release to news media local to area affected by contract and by publication in one or more newspapers of general circulation in area affected by contract. Requires notice to describe area subject to contract and general rate impact to existing customers. Removes requirement that notice be published in local newspaper or newspapers of general circulation.] Requires person providing utility service in territory that applies for order allocating such territory to person to include in application copy of notice of filing and to give notice within 30 days of filing application by mail or electronic mail to all customers of record in area described in] covered by application, and] by press release to news media local to area described in] covered by application and by publication in one or more newspapers of general circulation in area covered by application. Requires notice to describe area and general rate impact to existing customers. Removes requirement that notice be published in local newspaper or newspapers of general circulation.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to electric company's plan to meet requirements of renewable portfolio standard.. Description: Removes requirement that electric company file separate implementation plan for meeting requirements of renewable portfolio standard. Removes requirement that electric company file separate implementation plan for meeting requirements of renewable portfolio standard. Directs electric company to describe electric company's plan for meeting requirements of renewable portfolio standard as part of electric company's integrated resource plan.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the leasing of water rights for split use.. Description: Makes permanent provisions conditionally allowing water right lease to split use of water between existing water right and in-stream water right within same year. Makes permanent provisions conditionally allowing water right lease to split use of water between existing water right and in-stream water right within same year. Removes prohibition on leasing water right for split use for period of more than 10 years.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to publication of legal notices; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies definitions to allow for publication of legal notices in digital newspaper. Modifies definitions to allow for publication of legal notices in digital facsimile] newspaper. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to scholarships for diverse teacher candidates.. Description: Increases amount of scholarships that may be awarded by Higher Education Coordinating Commission to diverse teacher candidates. Expands criteria for awarding scholarships to diverse teacher candidates.] Increases amount of scholarships that may be awarded by Higher Education Coordinating Commission to diverse teacher candidates. Defines "teacher candidate."
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to peer counseling conducted by mass transit district.. Description: Provides for confidentiality of communications made in peer support counseling session conducted by mass transit district. Provides for confidentiality of communications made in peer support counseling session conducted by mass transit district.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to tribal consultation; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes Task Force on Tribal Consultation and specifies task force membership. Establishes Task Force on Tribal Consultation and specifies task force membership. Requires task force to identify and clarify requirements of state agencies to engage in tribal consultation. Requires task force to report findings and recommendations on tribal consultation to interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to government by September 15, 2024. Sunsets December 31, 2024. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Establishing procedural rules for legislative branch.. Description: Establishes deadlines for completion of legislative measures for 2020 regular session of Eightieth Legislative Assembly.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the permitting of renewable energy facilities.. Description: Modifies definition of "renewable energy facility" for purposes of county permitting process for solar photovoltaic power generation facility. Modifies definition of "renewable energy facility" for purposes of county permitting process for solar photovoltaic power generation facility. Requires county to require applicant for permit to establish solar photovoltaic power generation facility using certain number of acres to provide decommissioning plan that includes bonding or other security. Prohibits Department of Transportation from discriminating against or favoring renewable energy facility when reviewing or granting application to place, build or construct on right of way of state highway or county road.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to water right examiners.. Description: Makes individuals who possess relevant technical experience and are employed seven or more years by certain types of districts, and certain types of registered professionals, eligible to apply for certification as water right examiners. Makes individuals who possess relevant technical experience and are employed seven or more years by certain types of districts, and certain types of registered professionals, eligible to apply for certification as water right examiners. Sunsets eligibility for certain individuals to apply for certification on July 1, 2027.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating centennial of town of Rhododendron.. Description: Commemorates centennial of town of Rhododendron.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the definition of "minor construction" for purposes of property tax law; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Increases maximum dollar amounts used to determine whether addition of real property improvements constitutes "minor construction" for purposes of property tax law. Changes method of determining] Increases maximum dollar amounts used to determine whether addition of real property improvements constitutes "minor construction" for purposes of property tax law. Indexes increased amounts to account for inflation. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to eligibility for financial assistance from the Water Pollution Control Revolving Fund.. Description: Modifies definition of "public agency" for purposes of eligibility for financial assistance from Water Pollution Control Revolving Fund by removing requirement that agency be authorized to construct water pollution control facilities. Modifies definition of "public agency" for purposes of eligibility for financial assistance from Water Pollution Control Revolving Fund by removing requirement that agency be authorized to construct water pollution control facilities.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to standards applicable to development of housing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits application of requirement that housing development regulations be clear and objective . Limits application of requirement that housing development regulations be clear and objective to development of housing within urban growth boundaries]. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to early literacy; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Early Literacy Success Initiative. Establishes Early Literacy Success Initiative. Prescribes purposes and requirements under initiative, including establishment of Early Literacy Success School Grants, Birth Through Five Literacy Plan and Early Literacy Success Community Grants. Repeals Oregon Early Reading Program and Early Success Reading Initiative. Establishes Birth Through Five Literacy Fund and Early Literacy Success Community Grant Fund. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to fees associated with water quality programs administered by the Department of Environmental Quality.. Description: Authorizes Environmental Quality Commission to annually adjust, by up to three percent, fees associated with water quality programs administered by Department of Environmental Quality. Authorizes Environmental Quality Commission to annually adjust, by up to three percent, fees associated with water quality programs administered by Department of Environmental Quality.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to physical education requirements; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies calculation of required minutes of physical education for middle school students to be based on weekly calculation. Requires Department of Education to convene advisory group to review physical education requirements for certain students in grades six through eight.] Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to education not later than December 31, 2023.] Modifies calculation of required minutes of physical education for middle school students to be based on weekly calculation. Declares emergency, effective on passage] July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to credit unions.. Description: Repeals provision specifying fiscal year end date for credit unions. Repeals provision specifying fiscal year end date for credit unions. Removes provision specifying deadline for election of executive officers of credit unions. Authorizes credit union to pay compensation to members of committees established by board or pursuant to bylaws. Authorizes credit union to invest in or lend moneys to entities that provide goods or services associated with routine operations of credit union, if investment or loan is reasonably related to credit union's use of such goods or services, is made in accordance with rules and is approved by Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to broadband; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Oregon Business Development Department to provide financial assistance to support broadband access, affordability and adoption. Requires Oregon Business Development Department to provide financial assistance to support broadband access, affordability and adoption. Permits department to establish one or more programs to provide financial assistance. Requires that department, when evaluating proposed projects under program to support broadband service infrastructure, give preference to proposed projects that serve unserved areas or underserved areas.] Requires department to establish by rule, for each program established, certain criteria, requirements and processes. Specifies certain definition, eligibility criteria and process for challenging applications that shall apply to programs Oregon Business Development Department establishes that support broadband service infrastructure using moneys from federal Coronavirus Capital Projects Fund. Specifies certain definitions and eligibility criteria that shall apply to programs Oregon Business Development Department establishes that support broadband service infrastructure using moneys from federal Broadband Equity, Access, and Deployment Program. Makes Broadband Fund permanent. Expands permitted uses of moneys in Broadband Fund. Removes requirements for Oregon Business Development Department to establish by rule certain criteria, requirements and processes for temporary program for providing grants or loans to support projects for planning and development of broadband service infrastructure and digital literacy, inclusion and adoption. Removes requirements for department to give certain preference in making grant or loan award decisions. Requires Oregon Broadband Advisory Council to include in biennial report evaluation of continuing need for temporary program for providing grants or loans to support projects for planning and development of broadband service infrastructure and digital literacy, inclusion and adoption. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to virtual public charter school enrollment; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes and modifies timelines related to enrollment of students in virtual public charter schools. Modifies timelines and requirements for when school district makes determination whether to give approval for student to enroll in virtual public charter school not sponsored by school district.] Directs Department of Education to collect and compile virtual public charter school enrollment data for purpose of school districts making determinations whether to give approval.] Establishes and modifies timelines related to enrollment of students in virtual public charter schools. Exempts from calculation of virtual public charter school cap certain students who had previously lived in another school district and been enrolled in virtual public charter school when living in that school district. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to water right certificates that authorize the storage of water for municipal use; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes holder of certain water right certificates that authorize storage of water for municipal use to change authorized point of diversion and place of use without losing priority of right under specified circumstances. Authorizes holder of certain water right certificate] certificates that authorizes] authorize storage of water for municipal use to change authorized point of diversion and place of use without losing priority of right under specified circumstances. Provides that authorization applies to applications for change filed after effective date of Act and before January 1, 2026. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to testing cosmetics on animals.. Description: Prohibits manufacturer from selling or offering to sell cosmetic developed through use of cosmetic animal test. Prohibits manufacturer from selling or offering to sell cosmetic developed through use of cosmetic animal test. Provides certain exemptions. Provides exemption for cosmetic developed through use of cosmetic animal test, or containing ingredient used in cosmetic animal test, before effective date of Act. Allows donation of noncomplying cosmetic to food bank, homeless shelter, hospital, animal shelter, corrections facility or emergency shelter. Allows receiving entity to distribute cosmetic to individual receiving services from entity. Authorizes Attorney General to bring civil action to impose civil penalties or obtain injunction for violations of Act.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to residential units destroyed by disasters; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes Housing and Community Services Department to support replacement, reconstruction or rehabilitation of residential units damaged or destroyed by disaster and to support recovery of residents of such housing. Authorizes Housing and Community Services Department to support replacement, reconstruction or rehabilitation of residential units damaged or destroyed by disaster and to support recovery of residents of such housing. Establishes Disaster Housing Recovery Fund. Continuously appropriates moneys in fund to department for specified purposes. Confirms abolition of Wildfire Damage Housing Relief Account. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to electronics recycling; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies provisions of electronics recycling program. Modifies provisions of electronics recycling program. Expands definition of covered electronic device. Establishes criteria for electronics producer responsibility programs. Repeals requirement that Department of Environmental Quality establish state contractor program. Repeals requirement that department make certain calculations used in administration of program. Directs Environmental Quality Commission to establish fee calculated to cover costs to department of carrying out program. Establishes that changes to program become operative on July 1, 2025] January 1, 2026. Provides transition provisions. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the calculation of Local Revenues for the purpose of State School Fund distributions; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Removes federal forest reserve revenues from list of revenues that are considered Local Revenues for purposes of State School Fund distributions to school districts. Increases amounts of moneys that are not considered Local Revenues for purposes of State School Fund distributions to school districts.] Removes federal forest reserve revenues from list of revenues that are considered Local Revenues for purposes of State School Fund distributions to school districts. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to dental assistants; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows Oregon Board of Dentistry to require applicant for certification as dental assistant to pass written examination. Prohibits Oregon Board of Dentistry from requiring applicant for certification as dental assistant to pass written examination. Requires board to adopt rules to establish alternative pathways to certification.] Allows Oregon Board of Dentistry to require applicant for certification as dental assistant to pass written examination. Specifies requirements for examination. Becomes operative July 1, 2025. Directs board to convene advisory committee to study dental assistant workforce shortage and review dental assistant certification requirements in other states. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Custodians' Civil Service Law; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Makes changes to Custodians' Civil Service Law to increase population threshold for subject school districts, remove barriers to filling employment vacancies and remove certain qualifications for members of civil service board. Makes changes to Custodians' Civil Service Law to increase population threshold for subject school districts, remove barriers to filling employment vacancies and remove certain qualifications for members of civil service board. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to residency requirements under wildlife statutes.. Description: Amends residency requirements for purposes of licenses, tags and permits related to wildlife. Amends residency requirements for purposes of licenses, tags and permits related to wildlife.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to fees for air pollution programs; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies federal operating permit program fees. Modifies federal operating permit program fees. Removes certain elements of federal operating permit program fee schedule. Becomes operative January 1, 2025.] Authorizes Environmental Quality Commission to annually adjust federal operating permit program fees, air contaminant reporting fees and asbestos abatement program fees by no more than three percent. Directs Department of Environmental Quality to evaluate and make recommendations for alternative fee structures for federal operating permit program. Directs department to submit findings and recommendations in report to Legislative Assembly by December 31, 2023. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to commitment of persons with intellectual disabilities; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits commitment of children with intellectual disabilities without consent of parent or legal guardian. Prohibits commitment of children with intellectual disabilities without consent of parent or legal guardian. Requires that individual be determined eligible for developmental disability services through Department of Human Services as condition of commitment based on intellectual disability. Removes requirement for new diagnostic evaluation in determining continued commitment beyond initial 12-month period. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to a child tax credit; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Creates refundable child tax credit, calculated based on number of dependents of taxpayer that are qualifying children with respect to taxpayer and are under six years of age at close of tax year. Creates refundable child tax credit, calculated based on number of dependents of taxpayer that are qualifying children with respect to taxpayer and are under six years of age at close of tax year. Limits credit to five dependents per tax return. Phases out amount of available credit based on adjusted gross income of taxpayer. Adjusts credit amount and phaseout threshold for inflation. Directs Department of Revenue to make quarterly advance payments of credit amounts. Requires Department of Human Services to seek waiver of federal requirements in Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program in order to allow recipients of supplemental nutrition assistance to receive advance child tax credit payments. Provides that credit is not subject to garnishment. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2024] 2023, and before January 1, 2030] 2029. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to developmental disability child foster homes.. Description: Prohibits child who is receiving developmental disability services in developmental disability child foster home from being attended by parent or guardian without approval of Department of Human Services. Prohibits child who is receiving developmental disability services in developmental disability child foster home from being attended by parent or guardian without approval of Department of Human Services. Permits child who attains 18 years of age while receiving developmental disability services in developmental disability child foster home to continue to reside in home until child attains 26 years of age if approved by department.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to prescription drug monitoring; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires pharmacy to report dispensation of prescription drugs classified in schedules II through V under federal Controlled Substances Act to electronic system established for monitoring and reporting prescription drugs when drug is prescribed and dispensed to individual for use by individual or individual's animal. Requires pharmacy to report dispensation of prescription drugs classified in schedules II through V under federal Controlled Substances Act to electronic system established for monitoring and reporting prescription drugs when drug is prescribed and dispensed to individual for use by individual or individual's animal. Prohibits Oregon Health Authority from disclosing prescription monitoring information to veterinarian. Requires authority to disclose prescription monitoring information to director of division of authority that administers state medical assistance program, director of division of authority that administers prescription drug program within state medical assistance program and Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for specified purposes. Exempts prescription and dispensation of naloxone or drug containing pseudoephedrine or ephedrine from reporting requirements. Increases membership of Prescription Monitoring Program Advisory Commission to include practicing veterinarian and] additional member of public. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the dispensing of Class 1 flammable liquids; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes self-service dispensing of Class 1 flammable liquids at retail if dispensary is in city in Marion County located in certain area and city was impacted by 2020 wildfires. Authorizes self-service dispensing of Class 1 flammable liquids at retail dispensary in rural Oregon. Defines "rural Oregon.] Authorizes self-service dispensing of Class 1 flammable liquids at retail if dispensary is in city in Marion County located in certain area and city was impacted by 2020 wildfires. Sunsets January 2, 2029. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to community corrections.. Description: Provides that supervision of certain misdemeanor offenders reverts to Department of Corrections if county opts out of providing correctional services. Provides that supervision of certain misdemeanor offenders reverts to Department of Corrections if county opts out of providing correctional services.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to dry cleaning; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Repeals Department of Environmental Quality's dry cleaner environmental program. Repeals Department of Environmental Quality's dry cleaner environmental program. Prohibits use of perchloroethylene and n-propyl bromide as dry cleaning solvents. Provides that prohibition becomes operative January 1, 2027] 2028. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to removal of discriminatory language from recorded instruments.. Description: Requires county clerk to replace recorded instrument with court-ordered version that redacts discriminatory language. Requires county clerk to replace recorded instrument with court-ordered version that redacts discriminatory language. Makes changes to court process for reviewing language. Requires Judicial Department to update form of petition, notice and judgment] order.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Oregon Board of Licensed Professional Counselors and Therapists; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes Oregon Board of Licensed Professional Counselors and Therapists to issue limited permit to qualified applicant. Authorizes Oregon Board of Licensed Professional Counselors and Therapists to issue limited permit to qualified applicant. Deletes requirement that license to practice professional counseling or marriage and family therapy be renewed annually. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to requirements concerning certain workforce development investment initiatives.. Description: Requires entity that receives funds for certain workforce program initiatives to establish wage standards and develop training plan for individuals who participate in program administered by entity if, under program, entity provides individuals with paid work experience. Requires entity that receives funds for certain workforce program initiatives to establish wage standards and develop training plan for individuals who participate in program administered by entity if, under program, entity provides individuals with paid work experience. Provides that individual that performs work for recipient under program shall be considered employee of recipient for purposes of state wage and hour laws and state laws prohibiting discrimination and retaliation. Requires industry consortia representing certain industry sectors to establish wage rate standards for skilled occupations within sectors. Requires additional information to be included in report submitted by Higher Education Coordinating Commission to interim committee of Legislative Assembly.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to workplace civil rights protections for participants in certain on-the-job training programs.. Description: Provides that individuals who participate in certain on-the-job training programs are entitled to certain rights and protections concerning civil rights, discrimination and harassment as employees in employment relationship with employer. Provides that individuals who participate in certain on-the-job training programs are entitled to certain rights and protections concerning civil rights, discrimination and harassment as employees in employment relationship with employer. Provides that for purposes of such protection, individual is considered to be in employment relationship with employer that sponsors or provides training under on-the-job training program.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to alcohol; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission to issue delivery permit to qualified applicant to deliver alcoholic beverages to final consumers. Authorizes Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission to issue delivery permit to qualified applicant to deliver alcoholic beverages to final consumers. Requires third-party delivery facilitators to hold permit issued by commission in order to facilitate sales and deliveries of alcoholic beverages. Imposes requirements for delivery persons and third-party delivery facilitators, including training requirements. Specifies liability of third-party delivery facilitator and eligible business. Prohibits person that does not hold third-party delivery facilitator permit from engaging in activity that requires third-party delivery facilitator permit. Punishes by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both. Authorizes commission to impose civil penalty against third-party delivery facilitator for violation committed by facilitator or delivery person on behalf of facilitator. Requires commission to develop uniform standards for minor decoy operations to investigate deliveries of alcoholic beverages to final consumers for violations of laws prohibiting deliveries to minors. Expands categories of persons prohibited from selling, giving or otherwise making available alcoholic liquor to person under 21 years of age. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing accessibility; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Housing and Community Services Department to provide report to appropriate interim committee of Legislative Assembly on department's financial support of dwelling units with certain accessibility features. Directs Housing and Community Services Department to provide report to appropriate interim committee of Legislative Assembly on department's financial support of dwelling units with certain accessibility features. Requires Oregon Housing Stability Council to undertake certain efforts to increase quantity and quality of accessible dwelling units. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to financial assistance for the cost of health care services.. Description: Imposes new requirements on hospitals with respect to financial assistance policies and processes. Imposes new requirements on hospitals with respect to financial assistance policies and processes. Requires Oregon Health Authority to impose civil penalties for violation of requirements.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to shared work plans; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Amends eligibility requirements for employee to receive benefits under shared work plan. Amends eligibility requirements for employee to receive benefits under shared work plan. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Buy America requirements for public construction projects; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Oregon Department of Administrative Services and Department of Transportation, in procuring public improvement contract or contract for public works with estimated contract price of $250,000 or more, to include in solicitation documents conspicuous notice that resulting public improvement contract or contract for public works will require contractors to use steel, iron, coatings for steel and iron and manufactured products that are produced in United States. Requires state contracting agency that procures] Oregon Department of Administrative Services and Department of Transportation, in procuring public improvement contract or contract for public works with estimated contract price of $150,000] $250,000 or more, to include in solicitation documents conspicuous notice that resulting public improvement contract or contract for public works will require contractors to use iron,] steel, iron, coatings for steel and iron and steel] and manufactured products that are made] produced in United States. Requires public improvement contracts and contracts for public works to require use of iron,] steel, iron, coatings for steel and iron and steel] and manufactured products made] produced in United States in public improvement or public works unless Director of Oregon Department of Administrative Services or Director of Transportation, as appropriate, waives use under specified circumstances. Requires each department to reject bid or solicitation that does not affirmatively attest that bidder or proposer read and understood requirement. Specifies duties of director in making findings and granting waiver. Requires periodic review of waiver. Permits Director of Oregon Department of Administrative Services to delegate duty. Requires department] Oregon Department of Administrative Services to establish technical assistance and grant program to enable businesses certified by Certification Office for Business Inclusion and Diversity to become familiar with and meet obligations of Act. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sustainable management of ground water; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies qualifications for water well constructor's license. Requires Water Resources Department to study sustainable management of ground water. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to water no later than September 15, 2024.] Modifies qualifications for water well constructor's license. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to validation of unit of land acquired by innocent purchaser.. Description: Allows county to validate unit of land that had been approved for recognition that was later revoked after sale to innocent purchaser. Allows county to validate unit of land that had been approved for recognition that was later revoked after sale to innocent purchaser. Sunsets January 2, 2025. Until April 1, 2024, allows additional appeals to Land Use Board of Appeals challenging certain template dwelling] land use approvals based on forgery for noninnocent purchasers.
In 2023, Oregon enrolled a bill titled: Relating to construction contractors; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Prohibits major residential contractor from collecting or retaining more than 50 percent of original contract price before substantial completion of remodeling or repair of owner-occupied one-family or two-family residential structure if original contract price exceeds $40,000. Requires certain residential general contractors proposing remodel or repair project of more than $20,000 in value to tour residential structure with property owner and provide property owner with itemized and detailed description for each feature of proposed construction work. Limits amount contractor may collect before completion and before property owner's approval and acceptance of itemized and described construction features.Requires contractor to request mediation by Construction Contractors Board before bringing action or suit or pursuing other remedies to collect payment from property owner that unreasonably withholds approval and acceptance.] Prohibits major residential contractor from collecting or retaining more than 50 percent of original contract price before substantial completion of remodeling or repair of owner-occupied one-family or two-family residential structure if original contract price exceeds $40,000. Permits major residential contractor to collect not more than 50 percent of increase in contract price if property owner agrees in writing to changes that increase contract price by $20,000 or more. Permits major residential contractor to require property owner to make progress payments solely to cover costs of materials, supplies and payments to subcontractors. Specifies required contents of contract. Specifies exceptions to requirements. Applies to contracts entered into on or after January 1, 2024. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to ports; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows local government to adopt land use exception to Goal 16 under certain conditions for applications for deep draft navigation channel improvements in Oregon International Port of Coos Bay. Allows local government to adopt land use exception to Goal 16 under certain conditions for applications for deep draft navigation channel improvements in Oregon International Port of Coos Bay. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the membership of education boards; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Increases membership of State Board of Education to include additional representative of congressional district and to include member engaged as classified staff member for public school or education service district. Increases membership of State Board of Education to include additional representative of congressional district and to include member engaged as classified staff member for public school or education service district. Reduces number of members of Teacher Standards and Practices Commission who are members of public and requires one member of commission to be employed as classified staff at public school or education service district. Requires Educator Advancement Council to include member who is classified staff in public school or for education service district. Reduces number of members of Oregon Educators Benefit Board who have expertise in health policy or risk management and requires one member of board who is employed as classified staff at public school or for education service district. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows affordable housing on lands zoned for commercial uses within urban growth boundaries. Allows affordable housing on lands zoned for commercial uses within urban growth boundaries. Allows local governments to extend decision-making period for application to develop residential structures within urban growth boundary or to reconsider land use decision for development of residential structures. Makes permanent requirements that local governments allow siting of certain emergency shelters, conditioned upon latest estimates of percentage of individuals experiencing homelessness. Awards attorney fees for certain appeals of emergency shelter application. Requires Department of Consumer and Business Services to update Oregon Structural Specialty Code to allow additional single-exit residential occupancies. Exempts certain affordable housing from Oregon Planned Community Act. Restricts local governments' ability to regulate condominium form of ownership. Requires cities or counties to accept funding letters to affordable housing developers as sufficient assurances needed to approve subdivision plat. Requires local governments to allow certain single room occupancies in residential zones. Amends definition of "needed housing" to include single room occupancies. Requires more cities to allow duplexes on certain lands zoned to allow single-family dwellings. Updates deadlines for compliance by affected cities and appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Land Conservation and Development to provide grants for support. Provides process and form by which associations may amend declarations and bylaws of planned community or condominium to remove unlawfully discriminatory provisions. Extends until December 31, 2024, deadline by which associations must review declarations and bylaws. Allows Public Utility Commission to allow public utility to sell or convey real property for affordable housing. Requires Department of Human Services to provide financial support to nonprofits to provide affordable housing for low-income college students. Sunsets January 2, 2026. Requires Housing and Community Services Department to provide grants for urban community housing supporting agricultural employees. Sunsets January 2, 2028. Requires Oregon Department of Administrative Services to provide grants for regional housing coordination and to local governments to support development of needed housing. Sunsets January 2, 2034. Requires Housing and Community Services Department to make grant to Network for Oregon Affordable Housing to provide low-interest loans to purchasers of homes with limited equity. Sunsets January 2, 2026. Requires department to report on use of loan fund to interim committee of Legislative Assembly by September 15, 2025, and September 15, 2027. Requires Housing and Community Services Department to provide grants for housing. Sunsets January 2, 2026. Amends allowable purposes of Emergency Housing Account to include account moneys to be used for grants to assist companion animals of individuals experiencing or at risk of homelessness. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Joint Task Force on Hospital Discharge Challenges. Establishes Joint Task Force on Hospital Discharge Challenges. Specifies membership and duties. Requires task force to provide reports to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to health and human services no later than December 15, 2023, and November 15, 2024. Sunsets January 2, 2025. Requires Oregon Health Authority to extend existing contracts with coordinated care organizations to December 31, 2026. Sunsets January 2, 2027. Requires authority to provide grants to support clinical education at hospitals and health care facilities, grants to employers participating in labor-management training trust to expand on-the-job training, apprenticeship opportunities and other programs that support development of health care professionals and grants to Oregon Center for Nursing to work with Oregon's public nursing education programs to develop programs to recruit and retain nurse educators at public institutions of higher education. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transportation; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Removes tiers, based on length of track or public ownership of railroad, that establish distinction between types of short line railroads for purposes of determining amount of tax credit allowed for rehabilitation of short line railroad. Requires Department of Transportation to study development of uniform standards for speed bump height and markings.] Sunsets January 2, 2025.] Removes tiers, based on length of track or public ownership of railroad, that establish distinction between types of short line railroads for purposes of determining amount of tax credit allowed for rehabilitation of short line railroad. Aligns maximum credit amount with federal tax credit limitation. Modifies provisions for allocating credits amoung taxpayers. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2024, and before January 1, 2026. Authorizes road authority, on its own highways, to allow person to drive vehicle otherwise not allowed on highways if person is driving vehicle in parade, with approval and under conditions imposed by road authority, and vehicle complies with federal and state size and weight limits. Changes law related to highway cost allocation study. Directs Oregon Department of Administrative Services to prepare and submit report that includes analysis of at least three most recent reported highway cost allocation studies and provide results to Joint Committee on Transportation no later than September 15, 2024. Sunsets January 2, 2025. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to climate; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires State Department of Energy to report on rate of heat pump technology adoption and to collaborate with designated state agencies to reduce barriers to home energy efficiency and resilience. Requires State Department of Energy to report on rate of heat pump technology adoption and to collaborate with designated state agencies to reduce barriers to home energy efficiency and resilience. Directs Department of Consumer and Business Services to facilitate greenhouse gas emission reductions. Requires State Department of Energy to specify energy performance standard for covered commercial buildings. Permits department to impose civil penalty for failure to comply. Requires department to establish incentive program to encourage compliance. Requires Oregon Department of Administrative Services to develop methodology and work plan for state agencies to conduct assessment of energy use in, and greenhouse gas emissions from, state-owned buildings. Requires Oregon Department of Administrative Services to oversee specified capital projects and to develop and implement guidelines for sustainable design. Authorizes state agencies to enter into energy projects and to retain net savings. Establishes Community Green Infrastructure Grant Program. Directs State Department of Agriculture to certify green communities nurseries. Directs State Forestry Department to acquire and maintain urban tree canopy assessment tool and to develop and implement program related to loss of tree canopy. Directs Oregon State University to research development of fuel pathways for low carbon fuels derived from woody biomass residues. Authorizes State Forester to establish forestry renewable woody biomass conversion program. Directs Department of Environmental Quality to establish rebate program for purchase or lease of qualifying medium or heavy duty zero-emission vehicles. Directs Land Conservation and Development Commission to adopt rules for siting photovoltaic solar power generation facilities. Changes name of "Oregon Global Warming Commission" to "Oregon Climate Action Commission." Modifies membership and duties of commission. Directs Department of Environmental Quality to evaluate opportunities to reduce Oregon's consumption-based greenhouse gas emissions. Directs State Department of Energy and Oregon Climate Action Commission to prepare inventory, baseline and metrics for net carbon sequestration and storage in natural and working lands and to study workforce training programs needed to support adoption of natural climate solutions. Extends rebate for construction or installation of solar electric system or paired solar and storage system. Authorizes Environmental Quality Commission to establish by rule fee to be paid by community climate investment entities. Directs Oregon Health Authority to identify, monitor and test water sources susceptible to harmful algal blooms. Directs Department of Environmental Quality to develop strategy to respond to harmful algal blooms. Directs Department of Human Services to provide grants, support and technical assistance for resilience hubs and networks. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to economic development; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys to Higher Education Coordinating Commission for distribution for purposes related to outdoor recreation economy. Requires Oregon Business Development Department to conduct study of economic development in Oregon. Directs department to submit report of study to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to economic development no later than September 15, 2024.] Appropriates moneys to Higher Education Coordinating Commission for distribution for purposes related to outdoor recreation economy. Limits biennial expenditures from lottery moneys allocated from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund to Oregon Business Development Department for purpose of awarding matching grants to membership organizations and business accelerators in outdoor gear and apparel industry. Appropriates moneys to Oregon Department of Administrative Services to provide grant to Regional Rural Revitalization Strategies Consortium to plan for and develop housing. Limits biennial expenditures from lottery moneys allocated from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund to Oregon Business Development Department to award grants to county fair operators in response to negative impact of COVID-19 pandemic on county fair operators' earned revenue. Limits biennial expenditures from lottery moneys allocated from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund to Oregon Business Development Department for purpose of awarding grants for formation, improvement and operation of small business development centers. Appropriates moneys to Oregon Department of Administrative Services for distribution to Oregon Coast Visitors Association to be expended on various projects. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Agriculture for purpose of funding grant program related to establishments that process and sell meat products. Extends sunset of grant program. Appropriates moneys to Higher Education Coordinating Commission to fund new program established to support strategic investments in maritime workforce development programs and activities. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to medical practitioners in workers' compensation claims.. Description: Authorizes physician assistants to provide same level of service as nurse practitioners for workers' compensation claims in managed care organization setting. Authorizes physician assistants to provide same level of service as nurse practitioners for workers' compensation claims in managed care organization setting. Increases from 60 days to 180 days period beginning on first visit on initial claim that physician assistant may be primarily responsible for treatment of worker's compensable injury.
In 2023, Oregon enrolled a bill titled: Relating to local implementation of housing laws; declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires local governments to approve certain adjustments to land use regulations for housing development within urban growth boundary. Requires local governments to approve certain adjustments to land use regulations for housing development within urban growth boundary. Establishes alternate appellate procedures for adjustments. Requires certain cities to report to Department of Land Conservation and Development on use of adjustments. Requires department to report biennially to interim committee of Legislative Assembly. Sunsets January 2, 2032. Requires Department of Land Conservation and Development and Department of Consumer and Business Services to jointly establish and administer Housing Accountability and Production Office. Requires office to assist local governments and housing developers with housing laws relating to land use and land divisions. Authorizes office to take certain actions to enforce housing laws. Establishes new process through which office may request enforcement orders relating to land use housing laws. Becomes operative April 1, 2024. Requires office to commission report on developing efficiencies in housing production and to deliver report to interim committee of Legislative Assembly, on or before September 15, 2024. Develops alternative process to amend urban growth boundaries to include up to 150 net residential acres per city. Provides for limitations and review by Metro, where applicable, and for review by Department of Land Conservation and Development and courts. Sunsets January 2, 2033. Expands eligibility for attorney fees for appeals of residential development proposals to include local governments and all needed housing. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to department to establish and operate office and to provide grants to local governments for housing law compliance. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing choice landlord guarantee program; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Expands landlord guarantee program to include landlords providing housing to tenants who have received rental assistance under specified rehousing initiative. During state of emergency due to homelessness, allows Housing and Community Services Department to expand] Expands landlord guarantee program to include landlords providing housing to tenants receiving other] who have received rental assistance under specified rehousing initiative. Sunsets January 2, 2026.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the commemoration of military service members.. Description: Requires official ceremony or other event held by state government to commemorate Memorial Day or Veterans Day to be held on legal holiday. Requires official ceremony or other event held by state government to commemorate Memorial Day or Veterans Day to be held on legal holiday. Provides exception. Requires Department of Veterans' Affairs to ensure that members of public have access to attend or participate in official ceremony or other event. Requires Director of Veterans' Affairs to ensure] Declares expectation of Legislative Assembly that state-owned or state-maintained veterans' facilities, memorials for honoring veterans and war memorials , except highways, are] be in clean condition and good repair for Memorial Day, Veterans Day and any ceremony or other event that may be held to commemorate Memorial Day or Veterans Day. Requires Director of Veterans' Affairs to communicate expectations to all state agencies in advance of every Memorial Day and Veterans Day. Requires department to report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly no later than September 15 of each year on conditions of state-owned or state-maintained veterans' facilities, memorials for honoring veterans and war memorials.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to certified registered nurse anesthetists; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Oregon State Board of Nursing to issue license to practice as certified registered nurse anesthetist to qualified applicant. Directs Oregon State Board of Nursing to issue license to practice as certified registered nurse anesthetist to qualified applicant. Prohibits unlicensed practice or use of name or title. Prohibits certified registered nurse anesthetist from using title "anesthesiologist." Specifies that certified registered nurse anesthetist scope of practice includes authority to prescribe prescription drugs if certified registered nurse anesthetist is authorized by board to prescribe. Removes limits on location of practice. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to first responders.. Description: Requires 9-8-8 crisis hotline centers to have policies and train staff on serving firefighters and other first responders. Requires 9-8-8 crisis hotline centers to have policies and train staff on serving firefighters and other first responders.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to early learning; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Renames "Oregon prekindergarten program" to "Oregon Prenatal to Kindergarten Program" to reflect changes in purpose of program. Renames "Oregon prekindergarten program" to "Oregon Prenatal to Kindergarten Program" to reflect changes in purpose of program. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to county property sales.. Description: Allows counties with population between 200,000 and 650,000 to elect to distribute receipts from sales of certain lands and mineral rights through alternative mechanism. Allows counties with population between 200,000 and 650,000 to elect to distribute receipts from sales of certain lands and mineral rights through alternative mechanism.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to land use planning for affordable housing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes local governments to allow, prohibit, require zone change for or subject to conditional use permit development of certain affordable housing on certain lands within tsunami inundation zones or 100-year floodplains. Requires local governments to allow development of certain affordable housing on certain lands within 100-year floodplain or subject to property development constraints under land use regulations related to natural disasters and hazards.] Authorizes local governments to allow, prohibit, require zone change for or subject to conditional use permit development of certain affordable housing on certain lands within tsunami inundation zones or 100-year floodplains. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to occurrences of bias.. Description: Prohibits landlords from terminating lease or taking other specified actions due to status of tenant as victim of bias crime. Prohibits landlords from terminating lease or taking other specified actions due to status of tenant as victim of bias crime. Provides that tenant who is bias crime victim is not responsible for damages resulting from commission of bias crime. Provides that perpetration of bias crime by tenant constitutes cause for termination of tenancy. Establishes process for victim of bias crime to be released from lease without penalty. Provides that release assistance officer and court enter order prohibiting defendant charged with crime involving bias from contacting victim. Provides that information reported to hate crimes hotline that might reveal identity of individual is confidential. Provides that victims of bias crime in the first degree must be consulted during plea negotiations. Expands Address Confidentiality Program to include victims of bias. Expands eligibility for protected leave to bias crime victims. Provides that Department of Justice employee who staffs hate crimes hotline is eligible to request that records kept by Department of Transportation contain employer address instead of home address. Directs Department of Justice to develop and deliver training program for district attorney victim assistance programs to assist with providing services to bias crime victims.
In 2021, Oregon enrolled a bill titled: Relating to producing food in planned communities.. Description: Allows production of food in planned community by lot owners and their tenants. Allows production of food in planned community by lot owners and their tenants. Declares emergency, effective on passage.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sexual misconduct at institutions of higher education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Sexual Misconduct Survey Council. Establishes Sexual Misconduct Survey Council. Requires council to biennially distribute base sexual misconduct climate survey and recommendations regarding use of study to each institution of higher education. Requires each institution of higher education in state to biennially use base survey from council to conduct sexual misconduct climate survey of all students enrolled at institution. Requires each institution to submit aggregate summary of survey results to Higher Education Coordinating Commission and post copy of summary and other reports on institution's website. Requires each institution of higher education to hire certified advocate. Lists exceptions for when hiring not required. Details duties of certified advocate. Requires each institution of higher education to enter into and maintain memorandum of understanding with community-based domestic and sexual violence advocacy agency in same county as institution. Establishes exception for smaller satellite or branch campuses. Details requirements of memorandum of understanding. Prohibits institution of higher education from punishing students who report incidents of sexual misconduct due to stated violations of institution's policies that are discovered during investigation into misconduct. Requires each institution of higher education to prepare and deliver sexual misconduct primary prevention and awareness training that must be attended annually by each student and employee of institution. Details requirements of training. Requires each institution of higher education to waive certain academic or any disciplinary record requirements required to demonstrate academic success that are part of institution-provided program or activity identified by institution for students who experience sexual misconduct and obtain waiver in specified manner. Requires each institution of higher education to provide annual report to Legislative Assembly, Higher Education Coordinating Commission and Director of Human Services detailing specified aspects of reported sexual misconduct and institution responses during previous academic year. Requires Higher Education Coordinating Commission to submit annual report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to higher education identifying each instance during previous academic year in which institution of higher education either violated provision of Act or failed to carry out provision of Act. Appropriates moneys to Higher Education Coordinating Commission for duties relating to Sexual Misconduct Survey Council. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Land Use Board of Appeals; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Limits issues that may be basis for appeal of land use decisions where local government amends comprehensive plan or land use regulations. Limits issues that may be basis for appeal of land use decisions where local government amends comprehensive plan or land use regulations. Requires Land Use Board of Appeals to approve land use regulations not in strict conformance with comprehensive plan if they further plan.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that, if certain state agencies provide temporary housing to displaced individuals in response to emergency, agencies shall ensure housing is safe and provided in compliance with state and federal laws relating to discrimination. Requires Oregon Department of Emergency Management, during certain emergencies, to prioritize immediate provision of housing to displaced individuals.] Provides that, if certain state agencies provide temporary housing to displaced individuals in response to emergency, agencies shall ensure housing is safe and provided in compliance with state and federal laws relating to discrimination. Provides that, if federal housing] resources are made available to affected community in response to emergency, requires department to provide housing] certain state agencies may provide similar or equivalent resources to community members who are ineligible to receive federal resources due to immigration status], subject to availability of funds. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to protecting beavers to mitigate climate change effects.. Description: Provides, for purposes of certain statutes relating to taking of predatory animals, that term "predatory animal" does not include beavers. Provides, for purposes of certain statutes relating to taking of predatory animals, that terms] term "predatory animal" and "rodent" do] does not include beavers. Provides that certain takings of beavers do not require permit. Instructs State Fish and Wildlife Commission to adopt rules related to taking of beavers. Provides that rules do not apply to certain taking of beavers. Instructs State Department of Fish and Wildlife to publish annual report related to taking of beavers and to make report available to public.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to employment provisions in agreements disposing of workers' compensation claims; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Makes unlawful employment practice for employer to make offer to negotiate settlement agreement conditional upon worker also entering into agreement that includes no-rehire provision. Makes unlawful employment practice for employer to request or require worker to enter into settlement or agreement disposing of workers' compensation claim that bars worker from seeking further employment with employer unless such provision is first requested by worker] make offer to negotiate settlement agreement conditional upon worker also entering into agreement that includes no-rehire provision. Makes unlawful employment practice for employer to make offer for settlement agreement conditional upon worker also entering into agreement that includes no-rehire provision unless certain criteria are met. Specifies actions that would not constitute violation. Makes violation enforceable by Commissioner of Bureau of Labor and Industries or by civil action. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the State Fire Marshal.. Description: Provides State Fire Marshal with certain additional discretionary powers. Provides State Fire Marshal with certain additional discretionary powers. Establishes certain requirements concerning uniforms, supplies and equipment of Department of the State Fire Marshal. Prohibits person other than employee of department from wearing, using, ordering to be worn or used, copying or imitating department uniform. Punishes violation by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Trust for Cultural Development Account.. Description: Allows Arts Program to use up to five percent of value of Trust for Cultural Development Account for certain administrative purposes. Allows Arts Program to use up to five percent of value of Trust for Cultural Development Account for certain administrative purposes.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to energy use standards for state agencies.. Description: Requires state agency that purchases or leases light-duty vehicle on and after January 1, 2025, to purchase only zero-emission vehicle unless state agency finds that zero-emission vehicle is not feasible for specific use state agency has for light-duty vehicle. Requires state agency that purchases or leases light-duty vehicle on and after January 1, 2025, to purchase only zero-emission vehicle unless state agency finds that zero-emission vehicle is not feasible for specific use state agency has for light-duty vehicle. Specifies exceptions. Requires Oregon Department of Administrative Services to use biofuels or electricity derived from biofuels in lieu of diesel for facilities or machinery department acquires, designs, erects, completes, maintains or operates as stationary or backup generation for heat and power systems.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to child care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies definitions related to child care for purposes of implementation and enforcement. Modifies definitions related to child care for purposes of implementation and enforcement. Modifies statutory structure for governance of child care by changing references of Office of Child Care to references to Department of Early Learning and Care. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to immunity for Higher Education Coordinating Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits person from suing Higher Education Coordinating Commission for commission's performance, or failure to perform, any duty, function or power relating to psilocybin products following effective date of Ballot Measure 109 (2020). Prohibits person from suing Higher Education Coordinating Commission for commission's performance, or failure to perform, any duty, function or power relating to psilocybin products following effective date of Ballot Measure 109 (2020). Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to scholarships for early childhood professionals; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Specifies that term "early childhood care and education" includes early childhood behavioral and mental health services for purposes of scholarships and grants awarded to ensure state has adequate supply of early childhood care and education professionals. Specifies that term "early childhood care and education" includes early childhood behavioral and mental health services for purposes of scholarships and grants awarded to ensure state has adequate supply of early childhood care and education professionals. Requires person to accept state and federal aid grants, institutional aid grants and scholarships made available to person to be eligible to receive scholarship. Allows for award methodology that takes into consideration other financial assistance person has received. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to youth workforce development programs; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Creates Oregon Youth Works Advisory Board to advise on and oversee implementation and alignment of youth workforce development programs for which Higher Education Coordinating Commission is responsible. Creates Oregon Youth Works Advisory Board to advise on and oversee implementation and alignment of youth workforce development programs for which Higher Education Coordinating Commission is responsible. Abolishes Oregon Youth Corps Advisory Board and Oregon Conservation Corps Advisory Committee to align governance of youth workforce development programs under single entity. Requires Oregon Youth Corps to operate in consultation with Oregon Youth Works Advisory Board. Makes conforming amendments. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to higher education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Increases number of members of Higher Education Coordinating Commission representing congressional districts from five to six and decreases number of members of commission representing general public from four to three. Increases number of members of Higher Education Coordinating Commission representing congressional districts from five to six and decreases number of members of commission representing general public from four to three. Changes state agency required to be notified when mass layoffs occur from Office of Community Colleges and Workforce Development to commission. Includes federally recognized tribes as eligible organizations for receiving grants under Oregon Conservation Corps Program. Expands ASPIRE programs to include career pathway options. Requires ASPIRE programs to work directly with community-based organizations and other entities with experience serving historically underserved communities. Permits programs to award grants or other support to these organizations and entities. Expands list of schools and entities included in definition of "diploma mill." Defines "post-secondary accrediting agency" to comply with current federal regulations recommending ending concept of regional accreditation. Expands tuition waiver for foster children to current or former foster children who are not authorized to fill out federal FAFSA form. Reauthorizes commission to resolve student complaints and to refer student complaints to other entities for resolution. Exempts student complaints from disclosure under public records law. Makes reauthorization retroactive to student complaints filed on or after July 1, 2021. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to grant programs for members of Oregon tribes; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Oregon Tribal Student Grant program. Establishes Oregon Tribal Student Grant program. Establishes qualifications for participation in program and details how grant award amounts are calculated under program. Establishes Oregon Tribal Student Grant Fund.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to contract preferences in public procurement for Oregon benefit companies; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Permits contracting agency to grant preference to procuring for public use goods or services that are provided by benefit company incorporated, organized, formed or created under laws of this state, if goods or services cost not more than five percent more than goods or services available from contractor that is not benefit company. Requires] Permits contracting agency to grant preference to procuring for public use goods or services that are provided by benefit company incorporated, organized, formed or created under laws of this state, if goods or services cost not more than five percent more than goods or services available from contractor that is not benefit company. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the State Board of Towing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that member of State Board of Towing may be chief of police or county sheriff. Provides that member of State Board of Towing may be chief of police or county sheriff. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to responses to safety threats in schools.. Description: Directs schools or school districts to provide electronic communication to parents and guardians of students attending, and to school district employees employed at, school at which safety threat action occurred. Directs schools or school districts to provide electronic communication to parents and guardians of students attending, and to school district employees employed at, school at which safety threat action occurred. Prescribes requirements of communication.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to surgical technologists; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows person to practice surgical technology at health care facility if person has completed and is certified by specified apprenticeship program. Allows person to practice surgical technology at health care facility if person has completed and is certified by specified apprenticeship program. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to alcohol; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes Task Force on Alcohol Pricing and Addiction Services. Establishes Task Force on Alcohol Pricing and Addiction Services. Directs task force to study issues related to alcohol addiction in this state. Directs task force to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to health not later than September 15, 2024. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to applications of the Legislative Assembly for amendment conventions under Article V of the United States Constitution; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Withdraws all applications for amendment convention under Article V of United States Constitution that were previously made by Legislative Assembly and declares these applications null and void. Withdraws all applications for amendment convention under Article V of United States Constitution that were previously made by Legislative Assembly and declares these applications null and void. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to anonymous surrenders of infants.. Description: Extends safe surrender period for anonymously leaving infant at authorized facility to 60 days from infant's date of birth. Extends safe surrender period for anonymously leaving infant at authorized facility to 60 days from infant's date of birth. Directs authorized facility to post and maintain signs informing public of authorized facilities and safe surrender provisions. Directs Department of Human Services to design signs that must be posted.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to energy; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs State Department of Energy to establish program to provide assistance related to energy projects and activities to environmental justice communities. Directs State Department of Energy to establish program to provide assistance related to energy projects and activities to environmental justice communities. Requires State Department of Energy to develop comprehensive state energy strategy that identifies optimized pathways to achieving state's energy policy objectives. Requires department to periodically update state energy strategy. Directs department to produce report regarding state energy strategy and submit report to Governor and appropriate interim committees of Legislative Assembly no later than November 1, 2025. Permits county to develop and adopt energy resilience plan and incorporate energy resilience plan into county's applicable natural hazard mitigation plan. Requires public utilities to use reasonable efforts to assist with and comply with requests from county for information regarding energy infrastructure, provided information is exempt from disclosure requirements. Directs State Department of Energy to establish program to award grants to counties to cover costs of developing energy resilience plans that meet certain requirements. Sunsets grant program on January 2, 2026. Requires State Department of Energy, in consultation with Housing and Community Services Department, to establish whole-home energy savings program and high-efficiency electric home rebate program. Requires State Department of Energy to create single resource that provides to interested persons information, technical assistance and assistance identifying contractors and financing options, related to available energy efficiency incentives and programs. Requires department to coordinate information and data exchanges between certain entities. Requires entities to use best practices to maintain confidentiality and security of information and data as required by law. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Energy for energy development services and certain expenses. Increases limit on biennial expenditures by State Department of Energy from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to statute of limitations.. Description: Increases statute of limitations for first degree sex crimes to 20 years after commission of crime or, for minor victim, any time before victim attains 30 years of age, whichever occurs later. Increases statute of limitations for first degree sex crimes to 20 years after commission of crime or, for minor victim, any time before victim attains 30 years of age, whichever occurs later.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Advocacy Commissions Office; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Advocacy Commissions Office for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Advocacy Commissions Office for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by office. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Department of Agriculture; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Agriculture for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Agriculture for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by State Department of Agriculture. Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by State Department of Agriculture. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Department of Aviation; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Department of Aviation for specified project. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Department of Aviation for specified project. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Department of Aviation. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes amounts authorized for issuance of general obligation bonds, revenue bonds, certificates of participation and other financing agreements for biennium. Establishes amounts authorized for issuance of general obligation bonds, revenue bonds, certificates of participation and other financing agreements for biennium. Establishes amounts allocated for private activity bonds. Authorizes general obligation bonding for Interstate 5 bridge replacement project for future biennia. Makes legislative findings regarding benefits to higher education institutions and community colleges from issuance of bonds under Article XI-F(1) and Article XI-G of Oregon Constitution. Requires constructing authority to make certain certifications before issuance of bonds under Article XI-G of Oregon Constitution. Establishes requirements applicable to certain contracts for specified higher education capital construction projects. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits for six-year period beginning July 1, 2023, payment of expenses from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by various state agencies for capital construction. Limits for six-year period beginning July 1, 2023, payment of expenses from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by various state agencies for capital construction. Limits for six-year period beginning July 1, 2023, expenditures by specified state agencies from federal funds for specified capital construction projects. Limits for six-year period beginning July 1, 2023, payment of expenses from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Higher Education Coordinating Commission for expenditures of bond proceeds for benefit of public universities and community colleges. Sets expiration date on project approvals and expenditure limitations. Extends expiration dates for certain projects. Approves proposal of Oregon Military Department for disposition of property. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Board of Chiropractic Examiners; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Chiropractic Examiners. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Chiropractic Examiners. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Columbia River Gorge Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Columbia River Gorge Commission for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Columbia River Gorge Commission for biennial expenses. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Construction Contractors Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Construction Contractors Board. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Construction Contractors Board. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Consumer and Business Services; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Department of Consumer and Business Services. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Department of Consumer and Business Services. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Board of Dentistry; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Board of Dentistry. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Board of Dentistry. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Justice; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Justice for biennial expenses of district attorneys. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Justice for biennial expenses of district attorneys. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Early Learning and Care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Early Learning and Care for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Early Learning and Care for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Limits biennial expenditures by department for payment of operations, grants-in-aid, program costs and purchased services from certain fees, moneys or other revenues collected or received by department. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Government Ethics Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and reimbursements from federal service agreements, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Government Ethics Commission. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and reimbursements from federal service agreements, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Government Ethics Commission. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Education for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Education for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to department for distribution as grants-in-aid, for program costs and to purchase services. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to department for debt service on general obligation bonds. Limits certain biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to department for deposit in High School Graduation and College and Career Readiness Fund. Limits certain biennial expenditures from certain fees, moneys or other revenues collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain federal funds. Limits biennial expenditures by department for payment of grants-in-aid, program costs and purchased services from certain federal funds received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department for payment of grants-in-aid, program costs and purchased services from certain fees, moneys or other revenues collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures and transfers by department from specified accounts. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Modifies specified expenditure limitation for biennium ending June 30, 2023. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the state financial administration of the Department of Education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Education for State School Fund. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Education for State School Fund. Limits biennial expenditures from lottery moneys allocated to department for State School Fund. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department for State School Fund. Specifies amounts department may spend for certain purposes from State School Fund. Transfers moneys from State School Fund to Local Option Equalization Grants Account. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Department of Energy; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Energy for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Energy for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Department of Emergency Management; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Department of Emergency Management for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Department of Emergency Management for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits certain biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Environmental Quality; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Environmental Quality for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Environmental Quality for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, specified bond proceeds and specified federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures from lottery moneys allocated from Parks and Natural Resources Fund to department. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Limits certain biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to specified state agencies for certain purposes related to housing. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Appropriates moneys from General Fund to specified state agencies for certain purposes related to housing. Limits certain biennial expenditures by specified state agencies for certain purposes related to housing. Modifies certain General Fund appropriations for biennium ending June 30, 2023. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023] on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Forestry Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Forestry Department for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Forestry Department for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain federal funds. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocation to department for fire protection expenses. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Office of the Governor; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Office of Governor for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Office of Governor for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from lottery moneys for Regional Solutions Program. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Office of Governor. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of specified boards; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Mortuary and Cemetery Board, Oregon Board of Naturopathic Medicine, Occupational Therapy Licensing Board, Board of Medical Imaging, State Board of Examiners for Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology and Oregon State Veterinary Medical Examining Board. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Mortuary and Cemetery Board, Oregon Board of Naturopathic Medicine, Occupational Therapy Licensing Board, Board of Medical Imaging, State Board of Examiners for Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology and Oregon State Veterinary Medical Examining Board. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of specified boards; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Board of Licensed Professional Counselors and Therapists and Oregon Board of Psychology. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Board of Licensed Professional Counselors and Therapists and Oregon Board of Psychology. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Higher Education Coordinating Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Higher Education Coordinating Commission for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Higher Education Coordinating Commission for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from certain lottery moneys. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocation to commission to award grants to specified universities. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by commission for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from federal funds for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from timber tax funds for Community College Support Fund. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Human Services; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Human Services for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Human Services for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Land Conservation and Development; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Land Conservation and Development for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Land Conservation and Development for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Land Use Board of Appeals; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Land Use Board of Appeals for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Land Use Board of Appeals for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by board. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of State Lands; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Department of State Lands for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Department of State Lands for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from Portland Harbor Cleanup Fund] specified continuously appropriated funds. Limits certain biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Maintains and reserves lottery revenues available to benefit public purposes during biennium beginning July 1, 2023, in Administrative Services Economic Development Fund. Maintains and reserves lottery revenues available to benefit public purposes during biennium beginning July 1, 2023, in Administrative Services Economic Development Fund. Allocates moneys from fund for biennium beginning July 1, 2023. Directs Oregon Department of Administrative Services to establish process for quarterly allocations of moneys from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund and Veterans' Services Fund. Allocates moneys from Veterans' Services Fund for biennium beginning July 1, 2023. Directs distribution of moneys from Criminal Fine Account. Directs distribution of moneys from Oregon Marijuana Account. Directs distribution of moneys from Fund for Student Success. Allocates moneys from Polychlorinated Biphenyls Remediation and Restitution Account for specified purposes. Requires Oregon Department of Administrative Services to transfer certain amounts from Tobacco Settlement Funds Account for certain purposes. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to lottery bonds; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies amount and purposes of lottery bonds authorized to be issued for specified state agencies. Modifies amount and purposes of lottery bonds authorized to be issued for specified state agencies. Authorizes issuance of various other lottery bonds. Establishes funds, or provides for deposit of moneys into existing funds, and appropriates moneys for projects financed. Provides that State Treasurer may not issue certain lottery bonds unless Oregon Department of Administrative Services determines that recipient is ready to expend proceeds for authorized use. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Military Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Military Department for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Military Department for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and federal service agreement reimbursements, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds for certain purposes. Modifies specified limitation on expenditures by department for biennium ending June 30, 2023. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Public Records Advocate; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Public Records Advocate. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Public Records Advocate. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Public Employees Retirement System; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Public Employees Retirement System. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Public Employees Retirement System. Limits biennial expenditures by Public Employees Retirement System from specified funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Revenue; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Revenue for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Revenue for biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and federal service agreement reimbursements, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Secretary of State; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Secretary of State for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Secretary of State for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Secretary of State. Limits certain biennial expenditures by Secretary of State from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of the State Fire Marshal; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of State Fire Marshal for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of State Fire Marshal for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Department of State Fire Marshal. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Board of Tax Practitioners; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Tax Practitioners. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Tax Practitioners. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Transportation; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Transportation for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Transportation for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits certain biennial expenditures by department from other federal funds. Limits certain biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Transportation; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Department of Transportation. Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Department of Transportation. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Treasurer; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures for certain purposes from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Treasurer. Limits biennial expenditures for certain purposes from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Treasurer. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Water Resources Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Water Resources Department for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Water Resources Department for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures for certain purposes from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and specified federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from other federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Oregon Board of Dentistry. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Oregon Board of Dentistry. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies certain appropriations from General Fund to specified state agencies and Emergency Board for biennium ending June 30, 2023. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Modifies certain appropriations from General Fund to specified state agencies and Emergency Board for biennium ending June 30, 2023. Modifies certain limitations on expenditures for specified state agencies for biennium ending June 30, 2023. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to specified state agencies for specified purposes for biennium ending June 30, 2023. Limits biennial expenditures of specified agencies from specified moneys for biennium ending June 30, 2023. Modifies specified allocation made to Public Defense Services Commission by Emergency Board. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023] on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes expenditures for obligations incurred by state agencies on or after July 1, 2023, that do not exceed specified levels. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Authorizes expenditures for obligations incurred by state agencies on or after July 1, 2023, that do not exceed specified levels. Appropriates moneys for expenditures. Authorizes payments for debt service, certificates of participation and other financing agreements during period commencing July 1, 2023. Authorizes specific expenditures for Department of Human Services and Oregon Health Authority. Applies to any state agency for which no budget has become law on or before July 1, 2023. Sunsets September 15, 2023. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies certain appropriations from General Fund to Department of Human Services and Oregon Health Authority for biennium ending June 30, 2023. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Modifies certain appropriations from General Fund to Department of Human Services and Oregon Health Authority for biennium ending June 30, 2023. Modifies certain limitations on expenditures for Department of Human Services and Oregon Health Authority for biennium ending June 30, 2023. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023] on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Elliott State Research Forest Authority for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____] Elliott State Research Forest Authority for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Employment Department for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____] Employment Department for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Modifies limitation on biennial expenditures from specified funds collected or received by Employment Department. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to data collected by the Department of Revenue; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Department of Revenue to develop schedule allowing personal income taxpayers to voluntarily report taxpayers' self-identified race and ethnicity identifiers. Directs Department of Revenue to develop schedule allowing personal income taxpayers to voluntarily report taxpayers' self-identified race and ethnicity identifiers. Requires restricted access to collected data. Prohibits access to data by department collection and audit staff or by Internal Revenue Service. Prohibits use of data by tax practitioners and tax preparation software vendors for purposes other than preparing and filing of returns. Directs department to report annually, beginning in 2024, on development and implementation of data collection schedule to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to information management and technology. Sunsets reporting requirement on January 2, 2029. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to diploma requirements.. Description: Requires students to complete one half-credit of higher education and career path skills and one half-credit of personal financial education as requirements for high school diploma. Requires students to complete one half-credit of higher education and career path skills and one half-credit of personal financial education as requirements for high school diploma. Directs State Board of Education to adopt academic content standards for higher education and career path skills and for personal financial education. Requires school districts and public charter schools to provide instruction in higher education and career path skills and personal financial education. Applies to high school diplomas awarded on or after January 1, 2027. Allows waiver of one year if certain conditions met.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to economic development; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Oregon Business Development Department to develop grant and loan program to support businesses applying for financial assistance under Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors for America Act of 2022 (P.L. 117-167). Directs Oregon Business Development Department to develop grant and loan program to support businesses applying for financial assistance under Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors for America Act of 2022 (P.L. 117-167). Provides that program be administered jointly by department and Governor. Allows Governor to designate certain lands to be brought within urban growth boundaries for federal CHIPS Act uses. Allows local governments to rezone lands for such uses by ordinance. Allows Governor to remove designated lands from urban growth boundaries if lands are not used for purposes of CHIPS Act. Directs Oregon Business Development Department to provide financial assistance to projects related to industrial land suitable for new and expanded semiconductor industry uses. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public meetings of state government entities.. Description: Requires certain executive department boards or commissions that conduct public meetings through electronic means to record and promptly publish recording on website or hosting service so that public may observe or listen to meetings free of charge. Requires state] certain executive department boards or commissions that conduct public meetings through electronic means to record and promptly publish recording on website or hosting service so that public may observe or listen to meetings free of charge. Excepts meetings lawfully conducted in executive session from requirement that meetings be published.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transportation by rail; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Clarifies that moneys in State Rail Rehabilitation Fund may be used by Department of Transportation for rail projects. Requires Department of Transportation to study funding options to support transportation by rail. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to transportation not later than September 15, 2024.] Sunsets January 2, 2025.] Clarifies that moneys in State Rail Rehabilitation Fund may be used by Department of Transportation for rail projects. Modifies provisions authorizing use of moneys in fund. Directs department to report annually to Joint Committee on Transportation. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to tall structure evaluation fee.. Description: Authorizes Oregon Department of Aviation to establish fee to cover tall structure evaluations. Authorizes Oregon Department of Aviation to establish fee to cover tall structure evaluations.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to elections; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prescribes method for creating ballot title and explanatory statement for any amendment to Oregon Constitution or statutory Act that passes both houses of Legislative Assembly during 2023 session and is referred to people by Legislative Assembly . Prescribes method for creating ballot title and explanatory statement for any amendment to Oregon Constitution or statutory Act that passes both houses of Legislative Assembly during 2023 session and is referred to people by Legislative Assembly Senate Joint Resolution 34, if resolution is referred to people]. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the family and medical leave insurance program; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Director of Employment Department to determine solvency of Paid Family and Medical Leave Insurance Fund for purposes of paying benefits and grant awards. Requires Employment Department to study issues relating to family and medical leave insurance benefits. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to business and labor not later than December 1, 2023.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Requires Director of Employment Department to determine solvency of Paid Family and Medical Leave Insurance Fund for purposes of paying benefits and grant awards. Specifies timelines within which director shall make solvency determinations and regarding when payment of benefits and grant awards shall commence once fund is deemed solvent. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to ballots.. Description: Adds members of household and domestic partner of candidate to list of persons who may not be employed to open ballot envelopes, handle ballots, prepare ballots for counting or count ballots. Adds members of household and domestic partner of candidate to list of persons who may not be employed to open ballot envelopes, handle ballots, prepare ballots for counting or count ballots. Limits personnel authorized to verify signatures on ballots to match personnel authorized to count ballots.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to brucellosis.. Description: Removes prohibition against sale, offer for sale, maintenance or control of female cattle of beef breed that have not been vaccinated against brucellosis. Removes prohibition against sale, offer for sale, maintenance or control of female cattle of beef breed that have not been vaccinated against brucellosis.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to residential land use in Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Region.. Description: Modifies requirements for residential rezoning of lands within Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Region. Amends definition of high-value farmlands] Modifies requirements for residential rezoning of lands within Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Region.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to wildfire; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Makes certain changes related to statewide wildfire hazard map. Makes certain changes related to statewide wildfire hazard map. Instructs State Board of Forestry to establish four classes of] Makes certain changes related to wildland-urban interface. Establishes certain requirements for financial assistance related to defensible space. Establishes Landscape Resiliency Fund in State Treasury, separate and distinct from General Fund. Continuously appropriates moneys in fund to State Forestry Department for purposes related to landscape resiliency. Specifies permissible sources of moneys in Community Risk Reduction Fund. Makes certain changes related to cleaner air spaces. Makes certain changes related to Wildfire Programs Advisory Council. Directs Department of State Fire Marshal to establish and implement Wildfire Home Preparedness Program.] Instructs State Forestry Department to establish Prescribed Fire Liability Pilot Program. Sunsets program on January 2, 2028. Establishes Prescribed Fire Claims Fund in State Treasury, separate and distinct from General Fund. Continuously appropriates moneys in fund to Department of Consumer and Business Services for reimbursing claims under program. Instructs State Forestry Department to report to Governor and committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to natural resources on program on or before April 1, 2028. Appropriates moneys to Department of State Fire Marshal for purposes related to Wildfire Home Preparedness Program] deposit in Community Risk Reduction Fund. Establishes maximum limit for payment of expenses through fund. Appropriates moneys to State Forestry Department and Higher Education Coordinating Commission for purposes related to statewide wildfire hazard map or wildland-urban interface. Establishes maximum limit for payment of expenses from Prescribed Fire Claims Fund. Appropriates moneys to State Forestry Department for administration of Prescribed Fire Liability Pilot Program. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to homeowner insurance for wildfire risk.. Description: Establishes certain requirements for insurer that cancels or decides not to renew homeowner insurance policy, or that increases premium, for reason materially related to wildfire risk. Establishes certain requirements for insurer that cancels or decides not to renew homeowner insurance policy, or that increases premium, for reason materially related to wildfire risk. Requires insurer to make public, and reflect in insurer's underwriting guidelines and rate plans, certain information related to wildfire risk mitigation actions. Requires insurer to allow insured at least 24 months to repair, rebuild or replace damaged or lost property if damage or loss was directly related to fire that was subject of order under Emergency Conflagration Act. Prohibits insurance company from using statewide] map of wildfire risk published by agency of this state as basis for canceling or declining to renew policy or increasing premium.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to confined animal feeding operations; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Makes certain changes concerning water quality permits for confined animal feeding operations. Makes certain changes concerning water quality permits for confined animal feeding operations. Authorizes State Department of Agriculture to issue nutrient application permits. Requires persons that apply for water quality permits for certain confined animal feeding operations to submit water supply plans. Makes certain changes to exemption from certain water laws for stockwatering. Sunsets changes on September 15, 2027. Requires Department of Environmental Quality to report on findings of United States Environmental Protection Agency study relating to confined animal feeding operations to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to agriculture not more than 180 days after study is finalized. Establishes certain requirements concerning land use compatibility statements related to proposed confined animal feeding operations. Authorizes governing body of city or county to require setback or buffer between proposed confined animal feeding operation and adjacent land parcels in specified circumstances. Appropriates moneys to State Department of Agriculture and Department of Environmental Quality for purposes related to permitting and report. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to home-based care for children with disabilities; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Department of Human Services to request from Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services approval of waiver to obtain federal financial participation in costs of program to pay parents of minor children with disabilities to provide attendant care services to children. Requires Department of Human Services to request from Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services approval of waiver to obtain federal financial participation in costs of program to pay parents of minor children with disabilities to provide attendant care services to children. Specifies requirements for program and prohibits administration of program without Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services approval of waiver or federal matching funds unless federal funding is available under short-term program. Allows department to adopt rules to limit cost, size or growth rate of program to safeguard developmental disability services provided under state plan for medical assistance. Requires department to provide annual reports to committees of Legislative Assembly related to human services on program and on adequacy of workforce to meet needs of children with disabilities for attendant care services. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Department of Human Services; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies provisions regarding use of restraint or seclusion on children in care. Modifies provisions regarding use of restraint or seclusion on children in care. Modifies definition of "abuse" for purposes of child abuse reporting and investigation. Permits Department of Human Services to disclose child abuse investigation reports and records to designated national nonprofit organization that provides assistance locating, recovering or providing services to missing children. Modifies juvenile court procedure to include department of Human Services as party to proceedings if department has taken child or ward into protective custody. Requires community-based structured housing facility that serves adults who are age 65 or older or who have disabilities to register with Department of Human Services. Authorizes department to adopt rules regarding facilities and to enter facilities to investigate complaints of abuse. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to aging adults.. Description: Prohibits certain facilities that provide long term care from taking specified actions based in whole or in part on resident's actual or perceived sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression or human immunodeficiency virus status. Requires Department of Human Services to study department's processes for delivering services to aging adults. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to human services not later than September 15, 2024.] Sunsets January 2, 2025.] Prohibits certain facilities that provide long term care from taking specified actions based in whole or in part on resident's actual or perceived sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression or human immunodeficiency virus status. Imposes new requirements on facilities that provide long term care, with respect to care of residents who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, intersex, asexual, Two Spirit, nonbinary or other minority gender identity or sexual orientation or who have human immunodeficiency virus. Permits Department of Human Services to impose civil penalties or take other administrative action for violation of provisions. Requires facility to ensure administrators and staff receive specified training. Requires entity that contracts with facility to provide services or supports to residents of facility to provide specified training to entity's staff persons. Excuses from compliance with requirements any requirement that is incompatible with professionally reasonable clinical judgment of management or staff of facility or with state or federal law. Requires training required for facilities be completed by Long Term Care Ombudsman, deputy ombudsmen and designees of ombudsmen. Establishes LGBTQIA2S+ subcommittee of Governor's Commission on Senior Services. Specifies membership and duties of subcommittee.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to agency with choice services; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Department of Human Services to contract with one or more agency with choice services providers and with one provider by July 1, 2024. Requires Department of Human Services to contract with one or more agency with choice services providers and with one provider by July 1, 2024. Modifies definition of "agency with choice services." Specifies requirements for agency with choice services providers that contract with department. Deletes requirement that department adopt rules regarding qualifications and reimbursement rates for agency with choice services providers. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to developmental disability services.. Description: Expands definition of "abuse" to include restraint or seclusion of or infliction of corporal punishment on adult with developmental disability by public education program, for purposes of complaints of abuse to and investigation of complaints by Department of Human Services. Requires Department of Human Services to study delivery of developmental disability services statewide. Directs department to submit report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to human services not later than September 15, 2024.] Expands definition of "abuse" to include restraint or seclusion of or infliction of corporal punishment on adult with developmental disability by public education program, for purposes of complaints of abuse to and investigation of complaints by Department of Human Services.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to recyclability claims.. Description: Directs producer responsibility organization to consider and develop recommendations for use of digital labeling to convey information about recyclability claims and include recommendations in producer responsibility program plan or plan amendment no later than December 31, 2027. Requires Department of Environmental Quality to study recyclability claims. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to environment not later than September 15, 2024.] Directs producer responsibility organization to consider and develop recommendations for use of digital labeling to convey information about recyclability claims and include recommendations in producer responsibility program plan or plan amendment no later than December 31, 2027. Sunsets January 2, 2033.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to salary under the Public Employees Retirement System.. Description: Provides that, for purposes of determining salary of certain member of Public Employees Retirement System, housing allowance paid to prison chaplain shall be treated as includable in member's taxable income under Oregon law. Provides that, for purposes of determining salary of certain member of Public Employees Retirement System, housing allowance paid to prison chaplain shall be treated as includable in member's taxable income under Oregon law.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to a tax credit for certified Opportunity Grant contributions; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Advances sunset for tax credit for certified Opportunity Grant contributions. Extends] Advances sunset for tax credit for certified Opportunity Grant contributions. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, and before January 1, 2023. Allows exception for taxpayer to claim credit for tax year beginning in 2023 calendar year, with certification issued at auction held on or after January 1, 2023, and before March 1, 2023. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to connection to federal tax law; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Updates connection date to federal Internal Revenue Code and other provisions of federal tax law. Updates connection date to federal Internal Revenue Code and other provisions of federal tax law. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Elliott State Forest; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Moves deadline for occurrence of events related to establishment of Elliott State Research Forest to December 31, 2023. Moves deadline for occurrence of events related to establishment of Elliott State Research Forest to November 1] December 31, 2023. Makes certain changes to requirement for event concerning habitat conservation plan for Elliott State Forest. Moves deadline for report on occurrence of events to February 15, 2024. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to elections; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Explicitly guarantees electors right to vote and right to secret ballot. Explicitly guarantees electors right to vote and right to secret ballot. Establishes that crime of aggravated harassment includes harassment against election worker. Punishes crime of harassment or aggravated harassment against election worker by maximum of five years' imprisonment, $125,000 fine, or both.] Alters requirements for annual county elections security plans. Removes requirement that name and number of precinct in which elector resides or precinct split of elector be included in lists of electors provided to political parties.] Prohibits candidate, political committee or petition committee from accepting aggregate contributions from single source of more than $100 per calendar year in form of physical currency. Explicitly prohibits confidential election records and information included in Address Confidentiality Program from being released as public record or as part of lists of electors. Limits time period when political parties can request list of electors. Adds family members living with election workers to address disclosure exemptions. Exempts individuals' signatures on signature sheets from public disclosure. Removes requirement that individuals who sign electronic signature sheets must do so in two places. Authorizes Secretary of State to alter specified language required to be placed on election documents, provided that alteration in language does not materially change meaning. Exempts certain costs from calculations of whether candidate is required to file statement of organization, establish campaign account or file required campaign finance statements. Excludes candidate debate or forum for state office from being considered candidate contribution if host uses neutral criteria, set in advance, when determining who to invite. Requires Secretary of State or Attorney General to notify subject of complaint that complaint has been filed only if secretary or Attorney General opens investigation. Requires Governor to declare whether ballot measure is passed no later than 30 days after election. Extends time after special district territory election for entry of order and return of deposits. Allows county clerk to, upon request, permit elector who is absent from electoral district during election period to obtain ballot at office of county clerk or receive ballot by mail no earlier than 43 days before date of election. Limits requirement to list place of residence to when two or more candidates for same nomination have same first and last name, as provided in official election documents. Exempts candidates for precinct committeeperson. Removes ability of county clerk to cancel voter registration of person who registers to vote in another county in Oregon. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to political activities of public employees.. Description: Expressly prohibits public employees, while on job during working hours or while otherwise working in official capacity, from promoting or opposing appointment, nomination or election of public officials. Expressly prohibits public employees, while on job during working hours or while otherwise working in official capacity, from promoting or opposing appointment, nomination or election of public officials. Provides that public employee may communicate with separate public employee or elected official about appointment of person to public office if communication is made in furtherance of recipient's official duties relating to appointment required by Oregon Constitution or state statute.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to child support.. Description: Modifies employer child support reporting requirements to include payments made to independent contractors. Modifies employer child support reporting requirements to include payments made to independent contractors.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows health care facility to release human pathological waste, which includes biopsy materials, human tissues and anatomical parts that emanate from surgeries, autopsies and obstetrical and laboratory procedures on humans, to donor of pathological waste or authorized representative of donor if waste is intended for cremation, interment or other final disposition, in accordance with rules adopted by Oregon Health Authority. Allows health care facility to transfer] release human pathological waste, which includes biopsy materials, human tissues and anatomical parts that emanate from surgeries, autopsies and obstetrical and laboratory procedures on humans, to donor of pathological waste or authorized representative of donor if waste is intended for cremation, interment or other final disposition, in accordance with rules adopted by Oregon Health Authority. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to prescription drugs; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires pharmacy benefit managers to annually report to Department of Consumer and Business Services information about certain rebates, fees, price protection payments and other payments received from prescription drug manufacturers. Requires pharmacy benefit managers to annually report to Department of Consumer and Business Services information about certain rebates, fees, price protection payments and other payments received from prescription drug manufacturers. Requires department to publish aggregated information received from pharmacy benefit managers on department's website. Requires Prescription Drug Affordability Board to develop, and to report on to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to health by September 15, 2024, plan for establishing upper payment limits on certain drugs. Provides that plan must include analysis of how upper payment limits could be implemented by Public Employees' Benefit Board, Oregon Educators Benefit Board, other state-administered health benefits and insurance. Provides that report must include analysis of potential savings or costs for state, insurers, hospitals, pharmacies and consumers. Continuously appropriates moneys in Prescription Drug Affordability Account to department. Modifies requirements for reports submitted to department by prescription drug manufacturers.] Makes confidential and not subject to disclosure information reported by prescription drug manufacturer that includes personally identifiable information about consumer. Expands membership of Prescription Drug Affordability Board. Modifies information that department must provide to board. Limits information that insurer must report to department regarding prescription drugs covered by insurer to coverage provided under health benefit plans. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to employment classification of certain employees of Oregon State Police.. Description: Makes permanent provision excluding certain employees of Oregon State Police from meaning of supervisory employee for purposes of public employment. Makes permanent provision excluding certain employees of Oregon State Police from meaning of supervisory employee for purposes of public employment.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to floating structures; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Clarifies distinction between commercial and residential floating structures for purposes of personal property tax return requirement. Clarifies distinction between commercial and residential floating structures for purposes of personal property tax return requirement. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to developmental disability services; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Removes requirement that each community developmental disabilities program and support service brokerage have written management plan. Removes requirement that each community developmental disabilities program and support service brokerage have written management plan. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to voluntary placement of young adults who have attained 18 years of age; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Department of Human Services to develop and administer voluntary placement program to provide supports to certain young adults as they transition to adulthood. Directs Department of Human Services to develop and administer voluntary placement program to provide supports to certain young adults as they transition to adulthood. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Director of Affirmative Action.. Description: Transfers Director of Affirmative Action from office of Governor to Oregon Department of Administrative Services. Transfers Director of Affirmative Action from office of Governor to Oregon Department of Administrative Services. Eliminates requirement that director be confirmed by Senate.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to detection of fraud; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows Department of Revenue to disclose to and give access to Employment Department employees, for purpose of detecting whether identity theft or fraud has been committed, otherwise confidential taxpayer information. Allows Department of Revenue to disclose to and give access to Employment Department employees, for purpose of detecting whether identity theft or fraud has been committed, otherwise confidential taxpayer information. Allows Director of Employment Department to disclose to Department of Revenue information reported to Employment Department by employers and employees under unemployment insurance and paid family and medical leave programs, for purpose of detecting potential identity theft or fraudulent claims. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to property taxation authority; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Amends and repeals statutes to eliminate conflict between certain grants of property taxation authority and constitutional requirements related to property taxation. Amends and repeals statutes to eliminate conflict between certain grants of property taxation authority and constitutional requirements related to property taxation. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Oregon Government Ethics Commission authority over public meeting executive sessions.. Description: Authorizes Oregon Government Ethics Commission to proceed on own motion to review and investigate, if commission has reason to believe that public body conducted meetings in executive session that were not in compliance with laws authorizing executive sessions. Authorizes Oregon Government Ethics Commission to proceed on own motion to review and investigate, if commission has reason to believe that public body conducted meetings in executive session that were not in compliance with laws authorizing executive sessions.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to termination of guardianships for wards.. Description: Grants juvenile court continuing wardship jurisdiction upon establishment of permanent guardianship, regardless of whether original bases for wardship jurisdiction continue to exist. Grants juvenile court continuing wardship jurisdiction upon establishment of permanent guardianship, regardless of whether original bases for wardship jurisdiction continue to exist. Restricts conditions under which permanent guardianship may end. Modifies service requirements upon filing certain motions to terminate wardship.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to confidentiality of child welfare records.. Description: Prohibits certain persons from disclosing records of sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression of child or ward. Requires Department of Human Services to study options for protecting from disclosure in certain proceedings information regarding sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression of children in department's custody. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to human services not later than September 15, 2024.] Sunsets January 2, 2025.] Prohibits certain persons from disclosing records of sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression of child or ward. Creates exceptions.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to mandatory abuse reporting.. Description: Creates exception to certain confidentiality protections to authorize Department of Human Services employees to comply with mandatory abuse reporting requirements. Requires Department of Human Services to study exceptions to mandatory abuse reporting requirements of department employees who provide assistance to domestic violence victims. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to human services not later than September 15, 2024.] Creates exception to certain confidentiality protections to authorize Department of Human Services employees to comply with mandatory abuse reporting requirements.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to corrections officer training.. Description: Repeals sunset on requirement for Department of Corrections to provide training for basic certification of corrections officers employed by department. Repeals sunset on requirement for Department of Corrections to provide training for basic certification of corrections officers employed by department.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to peer support confidentiality.. Description: Makes confidential and exempts from discovery and public records certain communications and information conveyed during, to facilitate or to follow up on peer support check-in sessions with employees of Oregon Youth Authority or county juvenile department. Makes confidential and exempts from discovery and public records certain communications and information conveyed during, to facilitate or to follow up on peer support check-in sessions with Oregon Youth Authority] employees of Oregon Youth Authority or county juvenile department. Creates exceptions.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows Department of Education to adjust amounts charged related to distribution of agricultural products received from United States Department of Agriculture for school food programs. Allows Department of Education to adjust amounts charged related to distribution of agricultural products received from United States Department of Agriculture for school food programs. Modifies provisions related to certain reimbursements for breakfasts and lunches provided by school district, government agency or community group, as identified by State Board of Education by rule. Modifies requirements for participation in program to increase number of licensed speech-language pathologists and certified speech-language pathology assistants employed in education service districts and school districts. Authorizes Department of Education to issue subpoenas related to certain investigations. Specifies confidentiality requirements for information obtained by department during investigation. Modifies required notification by Department of Education at completion of investigation of suspected sexual conduct. Requires persons and entities that receive certain confidential materials related to sexual conduct investigation to retain confidentiality of materials. Directs Department of Human Services to report outcomes of certain investigations to Department of Education if investigations involve conduct committed by certain persons who may be subject to actions taken by Department of Education. Directs education service districts to provide technical and other assistance to school districts, certain public charter schools or, as applicable, to Youth Corrections Education Program or Juvenile Detention Education Program. Clarifies status of student success teams and responsibilities of school district boards and superintendents of school districts related to participating in intensive program. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to data collected by the Oregon Health Authority; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Prohibits disclosure of individually identifiable data collected in accordance with uniform standards adopted by Oregon Health Authority for collection of data on race, ethnicity, preferred spoken and written languages, disability status, sexual orientation and gender identity. Prohibits disclosure of individually identifiable data collected in accordance with uniform standards adopted by Oregon Health Authority for collection of data on race, ethnicity, preferred spoken and written languages, disability status, sexual orientation and gender identity. Exempts from prohibition on public body's inquiring into or collecting information about individual's country of birth such data collected by authority or Department of Human Services in accordance with uniform standards adopted by authority for collection of data on race, ethnicity, preferred spoken and written languages, disability status, sexual orientation and gender identity. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to cosmetology; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires that cosmetology curriculum taught by school meet standards established by Board of Cosmetology and be approved by Health Licensing Office. Requires that cosmetology curriculum taught by school meet standards established by Board of Cosmetology and be approved by Health Licensing Office. Directs board to convene curriculum requirements advisory committee to make curriculum requirements recommendations. Exempts persons performing specified spray tanning services from requirements related to cosmetology. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to investigations conducted by the Teacher Standards and Practices Commission.. Description: Requires Department of Education and law enforcement agencies to make available to Teacher Standards and Practices Commission certain information received during investigation of suspected sexual conduct or child abuse. Requires Department of Education and law enforcement agencies to make available to Teacher Standards and Practices Commission certain information received during investigation of suspected sexual conduct or child abuse. Absolves commission of duty to investigate commission licensee when commission requires verification related to complaint and commission does not receive verification within 12 months of providing notice of verification requirement. Authorizes executive director of Teacher Standards and Practices Commission or executive director's designee to determine when to forward report of investigation of commission licensee to commission. Requires investigations related to certain violations to be reported to commission.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school comprehensive alcohol and drug abuse policies.. Description: Directs Oregon Health Authority, State Board of Education and Alcohol and Drug Policy Commission to collaborate on developing curricula supplements related to dangers of certain drugs and to laws that provide immunity or other protections related to drug or alcohol use. Directs Oregon Health Authority, State Board of Education and Alcohol and Drug Policy Commission to collaborate on developing curricula supplements related to dangers of certain drugs and to laws that provide immunity or other protections related to drug or alcohol use.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the State Department of Geology and Mineral Industries electronic permitting system.. Description: Establishes Electronic Permitting System Subaccount. Establishes Electronic Permitting System Subaccount. Requires State Department of Geology and Mineral Industries to collect surcharge on use of electronic permitting system for deposit into subaccount.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the regulation of the practice of architecture in this state; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Updates and modernizes statutes that regulate practice of architecture in this state to conform with actual current practice of architecture. Updates and modernizes statutes that regulate practice of architecture in this state to conform with actual current practice of architecture. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to bonding; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that unused portion of amount of pass-through revenue bonds authorized for issuance in preceding biennium carries forward until legislation authorizing amount of pass-through revenue bonds for current biennium is enacted. Provides that unused portion of amount of pass-through revenue bonds authorized for issuance in preceding biennium carries forward until legislation authorizing amount of pass-through revenue bonds for current biennium is enacted. Provides that entity that is authorized to issue private activity bonds] state agency on behalf of which private activity bonds may be issued may suballocate its private activity bond allocation to other issuers. Adjusts terminology relating to conduit revenue bonds. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to nursing; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows nurse employed by or contracted with certain facilities to execute medical order from out-of-state physician in specified circumstances. Allows nurse employed by or contracted with certain facilities to execute medical order from out-of-state physician in specified circumstances. Removes requirement that Oregon State Board of Nursing notify State Board of Pharmacy upon authorizing nurse practitioner or clinical nurse specialist to dispense prescription drugs. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Oregon State Board of Nursing; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: During emergency declared by Governor, allows Oregon State Board of Nursing to issue limited license to practice nursing to nurse licensed in another jurisdiction and to issue limited certificate as nursing assistant to nursing assistant authorized to practice in another jurisdiction. During emergency declared by Governor, allows Oregon State Board of Nursing to issue limited license to practice nursing to nurse licensed in another jurisdiction and to issue limited certificate as nursing assistant to nursing assistant authorized to practice in another jurisdiction. Increases number of days for which temporary nursing assignment for out-of-state nurse may be extended from 30 days to 90 days. Requires previously licensed nurse employed at specified facility to apply for reactivation of license at time of employment. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to licensing for construction contractors; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Specifies additional circumstances under which Construction Contractors Board may revoke, suspend, condition or refuse to issue or reissue license for construction contractor, or impose civil penalty for violation of laws that regulate work of construction contractors in this state. Specifies additional circumstances under which Construction Contractors Board may revoke, suspend, condition or refuse to issue or reissue license for construction contractor, or impose civil penalty for violation of laws that regulate work of construction contractors in this state. Provides board with additional rulemaking powers related to obtaining or maintaining construction contractor license and resolving complaints. Requires licensed contractors to notify board within 10 days after change in status if contractor's status changes from exempt to nonexempt or from nonexempt to exempt. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to adverse event reporting program.. Description: Updates terminology concerning reporting of serious adverse events. Updates terminology concerning reporting of serious adverse events. Modifies Oregon Patient Safety Reporting Program. Modifies qualification of members on Oregon Patient Safety Commission who are group purchasers of health care or consumers of health care, and modifies duties of commission.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to abuse reporting.. Description: Directs Department of Human Services to establish and maintain centralized child abuse reporting system. Directs Department of Human Services to establish and maintain centralized child abuse reporting system. Modifies mandatory child abuse reporting process. Permits certain child abuse reports to be made electronically. Removes references to designees of department receiving child abuse reports.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the practice of medicine via remote means; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows out-of-state physician or physician assistant to provide specified care to patients located in Oregon. Allows out-of-state physician or physician assistant to provide specified care to patients located in Oregon. Clarifies that practice of medicine using telemedicine occurs where patient is physically located. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to demographic data requested for justice system purposes.. Description: Expands authority of Chief Justice of Supreme Court to make rules for gathering specified information and identifying and evaluating disparities and impacts in justice system in Oregon. Expands authority of Chief Justice of Supreme Court to make rules for gathering specified information and identifying and evaluating disparities and impacts in justice system in Oregon. Directs Oregon State Bar to formulate rules relating to gathering of specified information and identifying and evaluating disparities and impacts in justice system in Oregon. Limits disclosure of sensitive demographic information requested by courts or Oregon State Bar for purposes of identifying disparities in justice system.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to automobile supplemental restraint systems.. Description: Prohibits person from knowingly or intentionally manufacturing, importing, distributing, offering for sale, selling or leasing or otherwise transferring, or installing or reinstalling counterfeit automobile supplemental restraint system component, nonfunctional airbag or object that does not comply with federal standard for make, model and year of motor vehicle. Prohibits person from knowingly or intentionally manufacturing, importing, distributing, offering for sale, selling or leasing or otherwise transferring, or installing or reinstalling counterfeit automobile supplemental restraint system component, nonfunctional airbag or object that does not comply with federal standard for make, model and year of motor vehicle. Punishes violation of Act as unlawful practice under Unlawful Trade Practices Act.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the correctional education system; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Corrections and Higher Education Coordinating Commission to enter into memorandum of understanding regarding correctional education system. Directs Department of Corrections and Higher Education Coordinating Commission to enter into memorandum of understanding regarding correctional education system. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to educational opportunities for adults in custody.. Description: Authorizes Department of Corrections to enter into agreements to offer academic programs to adults in custody with academic program at any community college in state, any distance learning academic program or any other higher education academic program , provided that enrollment in academic program is consistent with administrative rules and regulations adopted by Department of Corrections and, as applicable, federal regulations relating to federal Pell Grant. Authorizes Department of Corrections to enter into agreements to offer academic programs to adults adult] in custody to enroll in] with academic program at any community college in state, any distance learning academic program or any other higher education academic program that adult in custody applies for and is accepted into], provided that enrollment in academic program is consistent with administrative rules and regulations adopted by Department of Corrections and, as applicable, federal regulations relating to federal Pell Grant.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the boundaries of education districts; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires governing bodies of counties to submit to Department of Education record showing any changes in boundaries of school districts over which board has jurisdiction. Requires governing bodies of counties to submit to Department of Education record showing any changes in boundaries of school districts over which board has jurisdiction. Directs Department of Education to make available to public information about boundaries of school districts and Higher Education Coordinating Commission to make available to public information about boundaries of community college districts and community college service districts. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to tuition equity; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that student who legally entered United States as refugee, through special immigrant visa or under Compact of Free Association treaty between United States and Republic of Palau, Republic of the Marshall Islands or Federated States of Micronesia and who has not previously established residence in any state or territory of United States other than Oregon qualifies for exemption from nonresident tuition and fees at Oregon Health and Science University. Provides that student who legally entered United States as refugee, through special immigrant visa or under Compact of Free Association treaty between United States and Republic of Palau, Republic of the Marshall Islands or Federated States of Micronesia and who has not previously established residence in any state or territory of United States other than Oregon qualifies for exemption from nonresident tuition and fees at Oregon Health and Science University. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to higher education; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Alters composition of governing board at public universities. Alters composition of governing board at public universities. Establishes process by which undergraduate student, graduate student, faculty and nonfaculty staff may be nominated for membership on governing board, with candidates' names provided to Governor for consideration. Requires each governing board to formally adopt enumerated policies regarding university governance. Requires each public university to submit annual] report by July 2, 2024, and July 2, 2025, to interim committees of Legislative Assembly relating to higher education detailing degree to which public university has complied with drafting required formal policies and fulfilling obligations contained in policies. Requires Higher Education Coordinating Commission to provide specified meeting and training opportunities for members of governing boards. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the state administration of education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies parties to intergovernmental agreement for Educator Advancement Council. Modifies parties to intergovernmental agreement for Educator Advancement Council. Removes specified requirements of intergovernmental agreement. Directs Department of Education and Teacher Standards and Practices Commission to consult with Educator Advancement Council to examine whether to merge commission into department. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to calculations of district extended ADMw; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires separate calculation of virtual public charter school ADMw if school district that sponsors virtual public charter school had decrease in ADMw as compared to previous school year. Requires separate calculation of virtual public charter school ADMw if school district that sponsors virtual public charter school had decrease in ADMw as compared to previous school year. Applies to State School Fund distributions commencing with 2022-2023 distributions. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to educator mobility through an interstate agreement.. Description: Enacts Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact. Enacts Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact. Prescribes that purpose of Compact is to facilitate mobility of teachers across member states, with goal of supporting teachers through new pathway of licensure. Describes rights and responsibilities under Compact.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the education workforce; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Education to develop and implement plan to establish and maintain statewide data system on education workforce in state and to convene steering committee to assist in development of business case for statewide data system. Directs Department of Education to develop and implement plan to establish and maintain statewide data system on education workforce in state and to convene steering committee to assist in development of business case for statewide data system. Prescribes requirements and uses of system. Requires department to convene steering committee related to data collection requirements.] Directs Teacher Standards and Practices Commission to develop and implement plan to establish and maintain statewide portal for jobs in education. Requires each public education provider to ensure that each member] encourage members of education workforce participates] to participate in specified surveys related to education workforce and to ensure that members of education workforce have opportunity to participate in survey. Prescribes pay requirements for] Authorizes school district to pay additional percentage of wage or salary or to pay one-time payment to licensed educators and classified school employees who provide significant special education support. Prescribes work hour requirements for classified school employees who provide significant special education support. Directs Department of Education to establish and maintain Safe School Culture Grant program to develop network of instructors certified in nonviolent crisis intervention methods. Prescribes reporting requirements related to program. Establishes just cause requirement for classified school employees related to dismissal, demotion and discipline. Establishes Task Force on Substitute Teachers. Prescribes membership and duties of task force. Sunsets task force on December 31, 2024. Establishes standards by which school district must classify substitute teaching assignment as temporary position. Requires school district to pay for training required for substitute teacher to apply for or be assigned to substitute teaching assignment. Allows teacher to provide services of substitute teacher only under written contract for employment entered into with school district, education service district or public charter school. Provides that substitute teacher is considered employee of district or school. Establishes retirement and benefit rights for certain substitute teachers.] Directs department to conduct study and develop plan for implementation of statewide minimum salary schedule for education workforce.] Directs Educator Advancement Council to conduct study on pay for student teachers.] Establishes Task Force on Statewide Educator Salary Schedules. Prescribes membership and duties of task force. Sunsets task force on December 31, 2024. Allows moneys in Statewide Education Initiatives Account to be used for funding educator apprenticeships and mentorships.] Directs department to develop and execute public relations campaign to promote public education professions.] Allows certain retired teachers to convert teaching license into substitute teaching license without paying additional fees or additional requirements. Exempts retired person from certain limitations on employment if person is employed as licensed or classified staff member by school district or education service district. Sunsets exemption on July 1, 2029.] Extends employment protections for school district superintendents to education service district superintendents. Exempts person from certain Central Background Registry requirements for child care if person has undergone criminal records check requirements related to school district employment or teacher licensure. Modifies duties of Educator Advancement Council to include administration of beginning teacher and administrator mentorship program. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school district facilities grants.. Description: Increases amounts of grants for school facilities under certain grant programs. Increases amounts of grants for school district] facilities under certain grant programs. Authorizes education service districts to receive certain grants. Provides that grant amounts are biennially adjusted for inflation. Modifies procedures for calculating and awarding grants.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to psilocybin services; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires psilocybin service center to collect and aggregate specified data and submit aggregated data to Oregon Health Authority. Directs Oregon Health Authority to require psilocybin service centers and psilocybin service facilitators licensed by authority to collect and report specified data.] Requires psilocybin service center to collect and aggregate specified data and submit aggregated data to Oregon Health Authority. Allows client of psilocybin service center to request psilocybin service center not to submit client's data to authority. Directs authority to submit aggregated data to Oregon Health and Science University. Requires authority to collect and], compile and aggregate specified data and provide data to Oregon Health and Science University] annually make data publicly available. Becomes operative January 1, 2025. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to members of the Oregon State Bar.. Description: Modifies statutes to allow for nonattorney associate members of the Oregon State Bar to practice law in certain scope of practice. Modifies statutes to allow for nonattorney associate members of the Oregon State Bar to practice law in certain scope of practice.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to offers of judgment.. Description: Provides procedure by which party can present offer of judgment in arbitration proceeding. Provides procedure by which party can present offer of judgment in arbitration proceeding.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to decedent's estates.. Description: Changes title of "small estate affidavit" to "simple estate affidavit." Modifies eligibility for simple estate affidavit to include estate of decedent dying testate if value of specific bequests does not exceed specified amount and residual beneficiary is decedent's inter vivos trust. Modifies proof of parentage required for intestate succession.] Changes title of "small estate affidavit" to "simple estate affidavit." Modifies eligibility for simple estate affidavit to include estate of decedent dying testate if value of specific bequests does not exceed specified amount and residual beneficiary is decedent's inter vivos trust.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to publication of notice to interested persons.. Description: Modifies number of weeks notice to interested persons in decedent's estate must be published. Modifies number of weeks notice to interested persons in decedent's estate must be published.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to antitrust enforcement; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Increases amount of civil penalty Attorney General may obtain for violation of antitrust statutes from $250,000 to $1 million. Increases amount of civil penalty Attorney General may obtain for violation of antitrust statutes from $250,000 to $1 million. Repeals statute that designated venue within which action to seek relief for violation of antitrust statutes must be brought. Permits Attorney General to both criminally prosecute and seek civil penalties for violation of antitrust statutes. Increases criminal penalties for conspiring to restrain trade or commerce or monopolizing or conspiring to monopolize trade or commerce from maximum $6,250 fine and 364 days' imprisonment to maximum $250,000 fine and 10 years' imprisonment. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to false claims.. Description: Modifies damages and penalties awarded for action for false claims. Modifies damages and penalties awarded for action for false claims. Increases statute of limitations for action for false claims from three years to five years. Provides for confidentiality and permissible disclosures of materials relating to false claims.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to correction of erroneous material in Oregon law.. Description: Makes nonsubstantive and technical changes in Oregon law. Makes nonsubstantive and technical changes in Oregon law. Corrects grammar and punctuation. Conforms language to existing statutes and legislative style.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to hearsay; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that requirement that certain hearsay statements of unavailable witnesses concerning acts of abuse must be supported by corroborative evidence applies in juvenile delinquency proceedings. Provides that requirement that certain hearsay statements of unavailable witnesses concerning acts of abuse must be supported by corroborative evidence applies in juvenile delinquency proceedings. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to crime; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Creates process by which person convicted or found guilty except for insanity as result of nonunanimous jury verdict may file petition for post-conviction relief at any time before December 30, 2024. Creates process by which person convicted or found guilty except for insanity as result of nonunanimous jury verdict may file petition for post-conviction relief at any time before December 30, 2024. Creates procedure by which person with post-conviction relief petition on appeal on effective date of Act may proceed under process. Directs court to instruct jury concerning certain unavailable evidence if conviction is vacated and case is retried. Appropriates moneys to Emergency Board for allocation to Department of Justice for expenses of district attorney offices resulting from creation of process and retrial of vacated convictions.] Sunsets on January 2, 2026. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to cannabis; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires owner of real property where site of unlawful manufacture of marijuana or unlawful production of marijuana is located to clean up waste from site upon receipt of notification from law enforcement agency. Requires owner of real property where site of unlawful manufacture of marijuana or unlawful production of marijuana is located to clean up waste from site upon receipt of notification from law enforcement agency. Provides that failure to timely complete cleanup is public nuisance. Authorizes local government to take certain actions to abate public nuisance, including filing claim of lien against real property. Prohibits use of water at location not licensed or registered for growing of cannabis. Allows Water Resources Commission to impose civil penalty for violation. Punishes by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both. Allows use of mobile tracking device and pen register and law enforcement interception of oral communications in specified circumstances. Increases penalties for possession or manufacture of marijuana in specified quantities. Creates crimes of marijuana offense involving reckless unlawful conduct and marijuana offense involving knowing unlawful conduct. Punishes by maximum of 10 years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine, or both. Repeals sunset on provisions related to unlawful production of marijuana. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public defense; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Oregon Public Defense Commission within judicial branch. Establishes Oregon Public Defense Commission within judicial branch. Specifies appointment process for and qualification of commission members and duties of executive director and commission. Abolishes Public Defense Services Commission and transfers duties, functions and powers of commission to Oregon Public Defense Commission. Transfers Oregon Public Defense Commission to executive branch effective January 1, 2025. Provides that Governor appoints executive director of commission, and executive director and commission members serve at pleasure of Governor until July 1, 2027. Directs Oregon Department of Administrative Services to issue state public defense population forecasts. Directs Oregon Public Defense Commission to conduct survey and economic analysis to calculate minimum hourly pay for appointed counsel who are not employed by commission for contracts entered beginning July 1, 2027. Specifies required percentage of trial-level appointed counsel who must be employees of commission by January 1, 2031, and January 1, 2035. Effective July 1, 2025, directs commission to establish panel of qualified counsel who may be directly assigned to cases. Specifies types of contracts commission may enter into for purposes of providing public defense services. Provides that commission members appoint executive director of commission beginning July 1, 2027. Directs Oregon Public Defense Commission to provide, to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary, no later than May 15, 2024, comprehensive report on plan for providing public defense services. Directs commission to provide updated report on December 1, 2025, December 1, 2026, and December 1, 2027, and biennially thereafter until January 2, 2036. Directs presiding judge of each judicial district to develop and implement coordinated public safety unrepresented defendant crisis plan, and submit plan to Oregon Criminal Justice Commission, by September 1, 2023. Directs presiding judge of judicial district of certain population to convene crisis team to assist in developing and implementing plan. Directs Public Defense Services Commission to promulgate and disseminate guidance on crisis plans by August 15, 2023, develop training plan concerning unrepresented defendant crisis by September 1, 2023, and report to committees of Legislative Assembly by October 1, 2023. Directs Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to report to committees of Legislative Assembly on crisis plan findings by October 1, 2023. Appropriates moneys to Public Defense Services Commission and Judicial Department to carry out provisions of Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to crime.. Description: Authorizes court to require as condition of probation completion of sex offender treatment program and submission to polygraph examinations, if recommended by probation officer and if probationer is on supervision for any sex crime or harassment involving touching of sexual or intimate parts of another person, or was previously convicted of any sex crime. Authorizes court to require as condition of probation for person convicted of harassment] completion of sex offender treatment program and submission to polygraph examinations, if recommended by probation officer and if probationer is on supervision for any sex crime or harassment involved] involving touching of sexual or intimate parts of another person, or was previously convicted of any sex crime.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to crime.. Description: Modifies when venue is proper for property offenses committed against same victim within 180 days. Directs Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to study recidivism rates of persons convicted of felony property crimes, and to provide results of study to interim committees of Legislative Assembly no later than December 31, 2024.] Modifies when venue is proper for property offenses committed against same victim within 180 days. Provides that trial may be held in any county in which one offense was committed. Establishes presumptive sentence of 24 months' imprisonment for crime of organized retail theft if person has certain previous conviction or convictions. Provides that organized retail theft may be used as predicate offense for other presumptive sentences for property crimes. Provides that person commits crime of theft in the first degree if, during commission of theft, person recklessly engages in conduct that creates substantial risk of serious physical injury to another person. Increases time period, from 90 days to 180 days, within which value of merchandise may be aggregated to qualify as element of crime of organized retail theft. Modifies when value of single theft transactions may be added together for purposes of determining degree of theft charged. Sunsets January 2, 2025.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to driving privileges.. Description: Clarifies that "incarceration" means confinement in Department of Corrections institution for purposes of certain driving privilege revocations and suspensions. Directs Department of Transportation to study issues related to driving privileges and to report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on or before September 15, 2024.] Sunsets January 2, 2025.] Clarifies that "incarceration" means confinement in Department of Corrections institution for purposes of certain driving privilege revocations and suspensions.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Chief Woodrow Wilson "Woody" Whetstone for his service to this state.. Description: Recognizes and honors Chief Woodrow Wilson "Woody" Whetstone (1917-1960) for his service to this state. Recognizes and honors Chief Woodrow Wilson "Woody" Whetstone (1917-1960) for his service to this state.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to criminal justice.. Description: Extends sunset of certain provisions originating in House Bill 3194 (2013), consisting of Justice Reinvestment Program, sentencing reductions and limitations and reentry court, from July 1, 2024, to July 1, 2033. Directs Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to study use of technology to improve accuracy when measuring recidivism rates of persons convicted of felonies, and to provide results of study to interim committees of Legislative Assembly no later than December 31, 2024.] Sunsets January 2, 2025.] Extends sunset of certain provisions originating in House Bill 3194 (2013), consisting of Justice Reinvestment Program, sentencing reductions and limitations and reentry court, from July 1, 2024, to July 1, 2033.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to attorneys.. Description: Provides that public university is required to make annual report on use of outside counsel for legal matters available on website, rather than provide report to Attorney General. Requires Oregon State Bar to study attorneys. Directs Oregon State Bar to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary not later than September 15, 2024.] Provides that public university is required to make annual report on use of outside counsel for legal matters available on website, rather than provide report to Attorney General. Repeals requirement for Attorney General to report to committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on use of outside counsel by public universities.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to insurance; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides authority to Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to require health care service contractors to file annual National Association of Insurance Commissioners own risk and solvency assessment summary reports and corporate governance annual disclosure reports. Requires Department of Consumer and Business Services to study insurance. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to insurance not later than September 15, 2024.] Provides authority to Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to require health care service contractors to file annual National Association of Insurance Commissioners own risk and solvency assessment summary reports and corporate governance annual disclosure reports. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing in Tillamook County.. Description: Requires certain cities and communities in Tillamook County to allow middle housing on residentially zoned lands, to adopt housing production strategies and to accommodate estimated housing needs upon lands inventoried as buildable lands. Requires certain cities and communities in Tillamook County to allow middle housing on residentially zoned lands, to adopt housing production strategies and to accommodate estimated housing needs upon lands inventoried as buildable lands. Requires Oregon Department of Administrative Services and Housing and Community Services Department to include those cities and communities within Oregon Housing Needs Analysis. Requires Department of Land Conservation and Development to adopt rules establishing deadlines for those Tillamook County cities and communities to meet urbanization requirement and authorizes Land Conservation and Development Commission to adopt rules to allow cooperation among those cities, communities and county to meet those requirements.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pharmacy technician licensure; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows State Board of Pharmacy to adopt rules to issue temporary license to perform duties of pharmacy technician. Allows State Board of Pharmacy to adopt rules to issue temporary license to perform duties of pharmacy technician. Specifies that temporary license may be renewed once. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the disposal of covered drugs at incinerators subject to federal requirements; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Adds certain hospital, medical and infectious waste incinerators to facilities at which covered drugs under drug takeback program may be disposed of. Adds certain hospital, medical and infectious waste incinerators to facilities at which covered drugs under drug takeback program may be disposed of. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to workers' compensation claims; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Removes minimum time period that injured worker must be absent from work for compensable medical services before injured worker may receive temporary disability benefits for such absence. Requires subject employers to adopt policy allowing subject workers paid time off during shift to receive medical services related to worker's compensable injury or occupational disease.] Removes minimum time period that injured worker must be absent from work for compensable medical services before injured worker may receive temporary disability benefits for such absence. Provides that notice required before insurer or self-insured employer may end temporary disability benefits does not apply to benefits paid for such absence. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to mass transit districts.. Description: Prohibits police officer from conducting or participating in activities intended to determine whether person has paid certain user charges, fees or tolls imposed by mass transit district. Specifies exceptions.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to brain injuries; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Human Services to provide specified services to individuals with brain injuries and to convene Brain Injury Advisory Committee. Directs Department of Human Services to provide specified services to individuals with brain injuries and to convene Brain Injury Advisory Committee. Requires department to report to Legislative Assembly during odd-numbered year regular sessions on services provided and number of individuals served. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to composition of governing boards at post-secondary institutions of education.. Description: Expands composition of Oregon Health and Science University Board of Directors to include one member of faculty and one member of nonfaculty staff as voting members of board. Requires that faculty and nonfaculty staff members of governing board at public university are voting members of board.] Expands composition of Oregon Health and Science University Board of Directors to include one member of faculty and one member of nonfaculty staff as voting members of board.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transcript policies at post-secondary institutions of education.. Description: Prohibits post-secondary institutions of education that are based in Oregon from refusing to provide transcript to current or former student because student owes debt to institution. Prohibits post-secondary institutions of education that are based in Oregon from refusing to provide transcript to current or former student because student owes debt to institution. Requires institutions to submit report to Higher Education Coordinating Commission by September 15, 2024, detailing policies relating to providing transcripts and transcript holds] number of current and former students who owe debt to institution and institution's policy and procedures on phasing out transcript holds.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to powers of the Department of Early Learning and Care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Clarifies agency access to moneys in Early Learning Account. Clarifies agency access to moneys in Early Learning Account. Authorizes Department of Early Learning and Care to disburse and expend moneys in manner consistent with intended purposes for which moneys were appropriated or allocated. Authorizes Early Learning System Director and Director of Human Services to delegate specified functions of respective departments to one another by interagency agreement. Allows data sharing agreements for Department of Early Learning and Care. Expands procurement authority of Department of Early Learning and Care. Authorizes Early Learning System Director to delegate any duty, function or power of director to subordinate employee, unless otherwise prescribed by law or rule. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon enrolled a bill titled: Relating to producing food in planned communities.. Description: Allows specified production of food in planned community by lot owners and their tenants. Allows specified production of food in planned community by lot owners and their tenants.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to amount paid to attend institutions of higher education by persons formerly in adoptive care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Permits adopted former foster children to have amount of tuition and all fees waived if attending defined institutions of higher education for purposes of pursuing initial undergraduate degree. Permits adopted former foster children to have amount of tuition and all fees waived if attending defined institutions of higher education for purposes of pursuing initial undergraduate degree. Defines "adopted former foster child." Permits adopted former foster children previously ineligible for waiver of tuition due to being adopted to be eligible for waiver if adoption occurred on or after January 1, 2012. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to opioids.. Description: Exempts from labeling requirements drug intended to reverse opioid overdose when drug is dispensed by health care provider. Exempts from labeling requirements drug intended to reverse opioid overdose when drug is dispensed by physician or physician assistant] health care provider.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to proton beam therapy.. Description: Prohibits health benefit plans from imposing prior authorization or other utilization review requirements on coverage of proton beam therapy that do not apply to coverage of radiation therapy. Prohibits health benefit plans from imposing prior authorization or other utilization review requirements on coverage of proton beam therapy that do not apply to coverage of radiation therapy.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to memorial highways.. Description: Provides that portion of Oregon Highway 82 shall be known as Deputy Raymond Williams and Deputy Michael Cheney Memorial Highway. Provides that portion of Oregon Highway 82 shall be known as Deputy Raymond Williams and Deputy Michael Cheney Memorial Highway.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the use of meat.. Description: Directs State Department of Agriculture to adopt rules allowing donation of meat to charitable organizations and other organizations that offer food for noncommercial purposes. Directs State Department of Agriculture to adopt rules allowing donation of meat to charitable organizations and other organizations that offer food for noncommercial purposes.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to community college funding.. Description: Provides that course work in aviation maintenance occurring at airport in neighboring state may be included in clock hours of instruction for purposes of Community College Support Fund. Provides that course work in aviation maintenance occurring at airport in neighboring state may be included in clock hours of instruction for purposes of Community College Support Fund.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to municipal solid waste incinerators; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires owner or operator of municipal solid waste incinerator to develop plan for continuous monitoring or sampling of specified emissions for 12 consecutive months. Requires owner or operator of municipal solid waste incinerator to develop plan for continuous monitoring or sampling of specified emissions for 12 consecutive months. Requires owner or operator to submit plan to Department of Environmental Quality no later than three months after effective date of Act and implement plan no later than three months after date of approval. Requires department to submit progress report and final report to committees or interim committees of Legislative Assembly on implementation and results of monitoring and sampling. Prohibits municipal solid waste incinerator from combusting more than 18,000 tons of hospital, medical or infectious waste during single calendar year. more hospital, medical or infectious waste than combusted during 2022 calendar year.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unemployment insurance benefits for nonprofessional educational workers.. Description: Eliminates restrictions on payment of unemployment insurance benefits to certain nonprofessional educational workers. Eliminates restrictions on payment of unemployment insurance benefits to certain nonprofessional educational workers.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to family medicine residency training programs; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Higher Education Coordinating Commission to distribute moneys to Area Health Education Center program of Oregon Health and Science University for specified purposes. Directs Oregon Department of Administrative Services] Higher Education Coordinating Commission to distribute moneys to Area Health Education Center program of Oregon Health and Science University for specified purposes. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to estate tax treatment of natural resource property; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows exclusion from taxable estate for value of interest in farm, forestry or fishing business. Allows exclusion from taxable estate for value of interest in farm, forestry or fishing business. Applies to estates of decedents dying on or after July 1, 2023. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to farm direct marketing; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Makes certain changes to farm direct marketing law. Makes certain changes to farm direct marketing law. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Public Records Advocate; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Public Records Advocate to estimate biennial costs to carry out duties of advocate and to allocate and assess costs among public bodies of state government. Directs Public Records Advocate to estimate biennial costs to carry out duties of advocate and to allocate and assess costs among public bodies of state government. Directs advocate to adopt rules establishing methods for allocating and collecting assessments. Credits assessments to Public Records Advocate Fund. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to juvenile records; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies procedure for expunction of certain juvenile records. Modifies procedure for expunction of certain juvenile records. Directs juvenile department to apply for expunction of juvenile records if juvenile was found to be under jurisdiction of juvenile court for acts that, if committed by adult, would constitute violation or misdemeanor. Creates exceptions. Reduces number of years that must have elapsed since most recent termination before person is eligible for certain expunctions. Extends time frame for agencies to comply with certain expunction judgments. Modifies eligibility for court-appointed counsel for persons seeking expunction of juvenile records. Directs district attorney or juvenile department to notify victims of automatic expunction process. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to degree programs.. Description: Authorizes community colleges to offer Bachelor of Science in nursing degrees. Authorizes community colleges to offer Bachelor of Science in nursing degrees. Details requirements that must be met for Higher Education Coordinating Commission to approve community college request to offer Bachelor of Science in nursing degree program.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to alternative incarceration programs.. Description: Modifies legislative findings concerning alternative incarceration programs. Modifies legislative findings concerning alternative incarceration programs. Renames special alternative incarceration program and removes requirement that participants engage in physical work and exercise. Requires that intensive alternative incarceration addiction program address addiction as chronic disease and include range of treatment services. Modifies acceptance procedures for programs.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to annuities; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes best interest standard for recommendations or sales of annuities to prospective purchasers. Establishes best interest standard for recommendations or sales of annuities to prospective purchasers. Specifies contents of and requirements for compliance with standard. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Appointing Legislative Equity Officer.. Description: Appoints Legislative Equity Officer. Appoints Legislative Equity Officer.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to prohibitions for certain products.. Description: Prohibits food vendor from using polystyrene foam container in sales of prepared food. Prohibits food vendor from using polystyrene foam container in sales of prepared food. Prohibits food vendor from providing single-use foodware containers to consumer unless foodware containers meet certain criteria.] Prohibits person from selling or distributing polystyrene foam containers or polystyrene foam packaging peanuts. Prohibits person from selling or distributing foodware containers containing intentionally added perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl substances. Prohibitions become operative January 1, 2025. Establishes civil penalties for violations. Directs Department of Environmental Quality to establish certification program for compostable products.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to reuse of containers; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Oregon Health Authority to adopt rules allowing restaurants to allow consumers to fill consumer-owned container with food. Directs State Department of Agriculture and Oregon Health Authority to adopt rules allowing consumers to use own containers for refilling with food at food establishment. Directs department and authority to adopt rules allowing food establishments to reuse take-home food containers returned to restaurant by consumer.] Requires department and authority to adopt rules that take effect no later than December 31, 2023.] Directs Oregon Health Authority to adopt rules allowing restaurants to allow consumers to fill consumer-owned container with food. Requires authority to adopt rules that take effect no later than June 30, 2024. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to chemicals used in cosmetic products.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to adopt and maintain list of designated high priority chemicals of concern used in cosmetic products and to periodically review and revise list. Requires Oregon Health Authority to adopt and maintain list of designated high priority chemicals of concern used in cosmetic products and to periodically review and revise list. Requires authority to post certain information on authority's website. Requires manufacturers of cosmetic products sold in state to include on manufacturer's website notice of certain chemicals used in products, beginning on January 1, 2025] 2027. Bans manufacture, sale and distribution of cosmetic products containing certain chemicals and classes of chemicals in state, beginning on January 1, 2025] 2027.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transportation of foster child's personal effects.. Description: Directs Department of Human Services to maintain inventory of luggage carriers for use when transporting personal effects of foster children. Directs Department of Human Services to maintain inventory of luggage carriers for use when transporting personal effects of foster children. Directs department to maintain record of each instance when trash bags are used to transport foster child's personal effects and explanation of use of trash bag.] Directs department to submit annual reports regarding transportation of personal effects of foster children to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to human services. Sunsets January 2, 2029.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to management of resources for benefit of persons in custody of Department of Human Services; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits Department of Human Services from using specified moneys received on behalf of child in care for maintenance costs. Prohibits Department of Human Services from using specified moneys received on behalf of child in care for maintenance costs. Directs department to maintain separate accounts for each child on whose behalf moneys are received. Specifies types of expenses that may be paid from account. Authorizes department, upon request, to instead pay moneys directly into specified accounts for child's benefit. Creates exceptions. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to over-the-counter hearing aids; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Exempts from regulation by Advisory Council on Hearing Aids and Health Licensing Office over-the-counter hearing aid. Exempts from regulation by Advisory Council on Hearing Aids and Health Licensing Office over-the-counter hearing aid. Defines "over-the-counter hearing aid." Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to driving while under the influence of intoxicants diversion agreements.. Description: Provides that court is not required to hold hearing on petition to vacate defendant's requirement to install and use ignition interlock device while participating in diversion program. Provides that court is not required to hold hearing on petition to vacate defendant's requirement to install and use ignition interlock device while participating in diversion program. Prescribes requirements for motion. Prescribes circumstances requiring hearing.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to closed captioning on televisions in places of public accommodation; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires closed-captioned television receivers in public areas within places of public accommodation to display closed captioning unless exception applies. Requires closed-captioned television receivers in public areas within places of public accommodation to display closed captioning unless exception applies. Requires person acting on behalf of place of public accommodation to provide training to staff. Requires Bureau of Labor and Industries to develop model training and post to bureau's website. Allows person alleging violation of closed-captioning requirements to file complaint with bureau. Requires bureau to provide notice of opportunity to cure initial violation. Permits bureau to impose civil penalties for failure to cure initial violation and for subsequent violations. Permits Commissioner of Bureau of Labor and Industries to adopt rules to administer provisions of Act. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to ABLE accounts.. Description: Directs Oregon 529 Savings Board to provide information to designated beneficiaries of ABLE accounts regarding potential impact to benefits and services if contributions are made to workplace retirement account. Requires employer to offer contribution to ABLE account in lieu of contribution to retirement account.] Requires employer to offer payroll deduction for ABLE account in lieu of deduction for OregonSaves account.] Requires State Treasurer to provide information to specified individuals regarding options relating to ABLE accounts and retirement accounts. Requires State Treasurer to establish process to direct payroll deductions to ABLE account in lieu of OregonSaves account.] Becomes operative January 1, 2025.] Directs Oregon 529 Savings Board to provide information to designated beneficiaries of ABLE accounts regarding potential impact to benefits and services if contributions are made to workplace retirement account.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to records of live birth.. Description: Directs Center for Health Statistics to enter name of parent on original record of live birth when paternity or parentage has been determined under certain circumstances. Directs Center for Health Statistics to enter name of parent on original record of live birth when paternity or parentage has been determined under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the use of force; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies when use of force upon minor child or student is justifiable and not criminal. Modifies when use of force upon minor child or student is justifiable and not criminal. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to earned reduction in supervision.. Description: Modifies applicability of earned reduction of supervision changes in House Bill 2172 (2021). Requires Department of Corrections to adopt rules requiring supervising officers to provide to eligible persons on supervision quarterly updates on progress toward earning reduction in supervision.] Modifies applicability of earned reduction of supervision changes in House Bill 2172 (2021).
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Training Program.. Description: Requires state agency that authorizes or funds, in whole or in part, installation of electric vehicle charging system located on customer's side of meter to require installing contractor or contractors to hold all legally required licenses and Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Training Program or equivalent training program certification, and one or more electricians who hold Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Training Program or equivalent training program certification to supervise or participate in installation. Requires state agency that authorizes or funds, in whole or in part, installation of electric vehicle charging system located on customer's side of meter to require installing contractor or contractors to hold all legally required licenses and Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Training Program or equivalent training program certification, and one or more electricians who hold Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Training Program or equivalent training program certification to supervise or participate in installation. Requires state agency to require 25 percent of electricians who are present and working on installation to hold Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Training Program or equivalent training program certifications when installation is for electric vehicle charging port on customer's side of meter that will supply 25 or more kilowatts to vehicle. Becomes operative when 500 or more individuals in this state have completed Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Training Program and passed certification exam, or equivalent training program and certification exam. Requires Electrical and Elevator Board to approve Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Training Program, and consider equivalent training programs, as continuing education program. Requires board to review cost to take Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Training Program course and certification exam and] track number of electricians who have signed up for and completed course and passed certification exam. Requires Bureau of Labor and Industries to establish program to reimburse individuals who successfully complete Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Training Program and pass certification exam, or equivalent training program and certification exam, for amount of cost of course and exam incurred by individual. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to bureau for purposes of payments of grants made under program established by bureau.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Holodomor Remembrance Day; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Designates fourth Saturday of November of each year as Holodomor Remembrance Day. Designates fourth Saturday of November of each year as Holodomor Remembrance Day. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to precinct committeeperson eligibility.. Description: Allows otherwise qualified person who becomes United States citizen less than 251 days before date of primary election to file for and be elected to office of precinct committeeperson, if person registers as member of major political party by filing deadline. Allows otherwise qualified person who becomes United States citizen less than 180] 251 days before date of primary election to file for and be elected to office of precinct committeeperson, if person registers as member of major political party by filing deadline. Exempts candidate for office of precinct committeeperson from requirement that candidate be member of major political party for at least 180 days before deadline for filing nominating petition or declaration of candidacy if candidate becomes United States citizen within period of 180 days.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to confidentiality in restorative justice programs; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Makes restorative justice communications confidential. Makes restorative justice communications confidential. Provides exceptions to confidentiality. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Oregon Safe Employment Act; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to conduct comprehensive inspection of any place of employment as deemed necessary by department based on prior violation history of place of employment. Authorizes Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to conduct comprehensive inspection of any place of employment as deemed necessary by department based on prior violation history of place of employment. Requires Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to conduct comprehensive inspections of fixed] place of employment when occupational death] whenever accident investigation reveals that violation has caused or contributed to work-related fatality at place of employment or three or more willful or repeated violations have occurred. Provides specific civil penalty amounts that may be assessed against employers that violate occupational safety and health requirements. Requires Director of Department of Department of Consumer and Business Services to submit annual report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly summarizing information related to penalties assessed, appeals filed with Department of Consumer and Business Services and department inspections of places of employment. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to paying a prevailing rate of wage in connection with public improvement contracts; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires payment of prevailing rate of wage for demolition of or removal of hazardous waste from road, highway, building, structure or improvement in public improvement contract that uses $750,000 or more of public funds or that occurs on real property that state agency owns, including demolition or removal of hazardous waste that occurs in connection with construction, reconstruction, renovation or painting of road, highway, building, structure or improvement. Requires payment of prevailing rate of wage for demolition of or removal of hazardous waste from road, highway, building, structure or improvement in public improvement contract that uses $750,000 or more of public funds or that occurs on real property that state agency owns, including demolition or removal of hazardous waste that occurs in connection with construction, reconstruction, renovation or painting of road, highway, building, structure or improvement. Takes effect on 91st day after adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to victim helpfulness certifications; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs certifying agencies to report annually to Oregon Criminal Justice Commission on victim helpfulness certification requests. Directs certifying agencies to report annually to Oregon Criminal Justice Commission on victim helpfulness certification requests. Directs commission to prepare comprehensive report within 90 days and submit report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary. Sunsets on January 2, 2027. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to use of rental unit as family child care home.. Description: Requires landlord to allow dwelling to be used as family child care home, subject to conditions. Requires landlord to allow dwelling to be used as family child care home, subject to conditions. Authorizes Early Learning Council to establish rules for landlords.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to compensation for nonprofit organizations that provide services on behalf of the state; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes Task Force on Modernizing Grant Funding and Contracting. Sets minimum rate at which specified state agencies may compensate nonprofit organizations for indirect costs related to providing services.] Establishes Task Force on Modernizing Grant Funding and Contracting. Specifies membership of task force. Requires task force to examine how state's granting and public procurement practices limit wages of employees of nonprofit organizations and make recommendations to Oregon Department of Administrative Services concerning changes to state procurement practices that will support living wages for employees of nonprofit organizations, uniform application procedures for grant moneys, standard contracting language that permits flexibility in contract terms and conditions and multiyear contract terms, sufficient reporting requirements that are commensurate with funding levels and that allow for adequate lead time for changes to reporting required within term of contract, payment models that prioritize full cost recovery and mechanism for ongoing review and evaluation of grantmaking and procurement processes. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Pain Management Commission.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to study membership of Pain Management Commission. Requires Oregon Health Authority to study membership of Pain Management Commission. Directs authority to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to health not later than September 15, 2024. Sunsets January 2, 2025.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to prescription drugs; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority, every three years, to conduct survey of retail pharmacies enrolled as providers in state medical assistance program regarding pharmacies' dispensing costs. Prohibits insurers offering policies or certificates of health insurance and pharmacy benefit managers from requiring claim for reimbursement of prescription drug to include modifier or other indicator that drug is 340B drug.] Requires Oregon Health Authority to adopt dispensing fee to be paid to pharmacies and pharmacists dispensing prescription drugs to medical assistance recipients. Sets minimum dispensing fee at $___.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Requires Oregon Health Authority, every three years, to conduct survey of retail pharmacies enrolled as providers in state medical assistance program regarding pharmacies' dispensing costs. Requires authority, if adjustments are needed, to request state plan amendment from Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to change professional dispensing fee paid to pharmacies participating in state medical assistance program. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to students' eligibility for Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits.. Description: Directs Department of Human Services to consider hours worked as graduate assistant as hours worked in employment for purpose of meeting work requirements in Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. Directs Department of Human Services to consider hours worked as graduate assistant as hours worked in employment for purpose of meeting work requirements in Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to residential tenancies; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Caps annual rent increases for residential tenancies. Limits] Caps annual rent increases for residential tenancies. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to vehicle speed racing; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies crime of organizing speed racing event. Modifies crime of organizing speed racing event. Punishes by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both. Punishes second and subsequent convictions within five-year period by maximum of five years' imprisonment, $125,000 fine, or both. Modifies crime of reckless driving to include activities related to speed racing. Authorizes criminal forfeiture of instrumentalities of crime of reckless driving. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon enrolled a bill titled: Relating to shipment of alcoholic beverage.. Description: Allows holder of direct shipper permit to ship up to five cases of cider or malt beverages, each containing not more than nine liters, per month to Oregon resident. Allows holder of direct shipper permit to ship up to five cases of cider or malt beverages, each containing not more than nine liters, per month to Oregon resident.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to body armor.. Description: Directs court to consider, when determining aggravation at sentencing, whether defendant was wearing body armor in course of and in furtherance of crime or to facilitate immediate flight therefrom. Directs court to consider, when determining aggravation at sentencing, whether defendant was wearing body armor at time] in course of and in furtherance of crime or to facilitate immediate flight therefrom.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to protections for the personal data of consumers.. Description: Permits consumers to obtain from controller that processes consumer personal data confirmation as to whether controller is processing consumer's personal data and categories of personal data controller is processing, list of specific third parties to which controller has disclosed consumer's personal data or any personal data and copy of all of consumer's personal data that controller has processed or is processing. Permits consumers to obtain from controller that processes consumer personal data confirmation as to whether controller is processing consumer's personal data and categories of personal data controller is processing, list of specific third parties to which controller has disclosed consumer's personal data or any personal data and copy of all of consumer's personal data that controller has processed or is processing. Permits consumer to require controller to correct inaccuracies in personal data about consumer, require controller to delete personal data about consumer or opt out from controller's processing of consumer's personal data under certain circumstances. Requires controller to provide to consumers reasonably accessible, clear and meaningful privacy notice that lists categories of personal data controller processes, describes controller's purpose for processing personal data, describes how consumer may exercise consumer's rights with respect to personal data, lists categories of personal data that controller shares with third parties, lists all categories of third parties with which controller shares personal data and provides other information. Specifies duties of, and prohibits specified actions of, controller and of processor that acts at controller's direction. Permits Attorney General to investigate violations of Act and to bring action to seek civil penalty of not more than $7,500 for each violation.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pediatric mental health disorders.. Description: Requires health benefit plan and health care service contract coverage of pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders associated with streptococcal infections and pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome. Requires health benefit plan and health care service contract coverage of pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders associated with streptococcal infections and pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Oregon State Hospital Advisory Board.. Description: Modifies membership of Oregon State Hospital Advisory Board. Modifies membership of Oregon State Hospital Advisory Board.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to food establishments in residential dwellings.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to sales of homemade foods. Modifies provisions relating to sales of homemade foods.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to accessory dwelling units on lands zoned for rural residential use; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Amends requirements relating to wildfire hazard mitigation for development of accessory dwelling units on lands zoned for rural residential use. Removes certain] Amends requirements relating to wildfire risk maps] hazard mitigation for development of accessory dwelling units on lands zoned for rural residential use. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to lobbyists; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Prohibits lobbyist from serving as chairperson of interim committees or certain legislative work groups or legislative task forces. Prohibits lobbyist from serving as chairperson of interim committee, legislative work group or legislative task force.] committees or certain legislative work groups or legislative task forces. Provides exceptions. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to program for assistive telecommunication devices.. Description: Modifies definition of "communication facilitator.". Modifies definition of "communication facilitator."
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to investigations of workplace discrimination at state agencies.. Description: Directs state agencies to use information system maintained by Oregon Department of Administrative Services to track internal investigations conducted by state agency regarding allegations of workplace discrimination and harassment concerning employees of state agency. Directs Department of Human Services to develop or acquire and maintain information system for tracking] state agencies to use information system maintained by Oregon Department of Administrative Services to track internal investigations related to] conducted by state agency regarding allegations of workplace discrimination and harassment concerning employees of state agency. Provides minimum requirements for information system. Requires department to establish formal training program to provide introductory and ongoing training for state agency personnel who investigate] conduct internal investigations of allegations of workplace discrimination and harassment concerning employees of state agencies. Provides minimum requirements for training program.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to eligibility for benefits from the Public Safety Memorial Fund.. Description: Expands definition of "public safety officer" to include certain regulatory specialists as persons who may be eligible for benefit awards from Public Safety Memorial Fund. Expands definition of "public safety officer" to include certain regulatory specialists as persons who may be eligible for benefit awards from Public Safety Memorial Fund.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to real estate appraisers; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows Appraiser Certification and Licensure Board to require training on implicit bias and state and federal fair housing laws for real estate appraisers. Allows Appraiser Certification and Licensure Board to require training on implicit bias and state and federal fair housing laws for real estate appraisers. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die. .
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to drought effects on the forfeiture of water rights.. Description: Provides that year in which Governor declares that drought exists, or is likely to exist, within county does not count toward period of time for forfeiture of water right for nonuse for holder of water right within county. Provides that year in which Governor declares that drought exists, or is likely to exist, within county does not count toward period of time for forfeiture of water right for nonuse for owner] holder of water right within county. Removes reference to repealed federal law.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to residential tenancies in recreational vehicles.. Description: Permits counties to allow certain rural homeowners to site one recreational vehicle on their property. Requires] Permits counties to allow certain rural homeowners to site one recreational vehicle on their property.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to education.. Description: Requires Department of Education to conduct study to identify how to increase access to advanced instruction for purpose of preparing students for college and career. Requires Department of Education to conduct study to identify how to increase access to advanced instruction for purpose of preparing students for college and career. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to education not later than September 15, 2024.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sex trafficking; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs county juvenile department to ensure that specified youth or adjudicated youth receives sex trafficking screening. Directs county juvenile department to ensure that specified youth or adjudicated youth taken into custody] receives sex trafficking screening. Requires that youth or adjudicated youth suspected of being victim of sex trafficking be provided with] referred to appropriate resources, including special advocate. Directs Department of Justice to develop and provide training on standardized screening tool. Directs department of Justice] to develop and provide mandatory training about sex trafficking to staff of state agencies and county juvenile departments who work with youths or adjudicated youths. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school district employees who work with students with specialized needs; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires school district employees assigned to work with students with specialized needs to have access to specified records related to students, to be consulted when education plan for student is reviewed or revised and to be provided with adequate training. Requires school district employees assigned to work with students with specialized needs to have access to specified records related to students, and] to be consulted when education plan for student is reviewed or revised and to be provided with adequate training. Specifies compensation, scheduling and training requirements for school district employees assigned to work with students with specialized needs to implement education plan.] Directs Department of Education, Teacher Standards and Practices Commission and Educator Advancement Council to identify career pathway for school district employees assigned to work with students with specialized needs.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to notices of founded disposition of report of child abuse.. Description: Requires that whenever notice of founded disposition of child abuse is delivered to perpetrator, notice must also be delivered to perpetrator's attorney, if applicable. Requires that whenever notice of founded disposition of child abuse is delivered to perpetrator, notice must also be delivered to perpetrator's attorney, if applicable.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sharing of information related to special education; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Prescribes timelines and redacting requirements for records related to provision of special education. Prescribes timelines and redacting requirements for records related to provision of special education. Provides that school district bears burden of proof related to special education and determinations and appropriateness regarding identification, evaluation, individualized education program or educational placement and provision of free appropriate public education.] Prohibits school district from preventing or discouraging school employee or volunteer from taking certain actions related to special education and violation of related laws. Prohibits certain nondisclosure agreements between school district and student, parent, school employee or school volunteer related to provision of special education. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to supports for adults with developmental disabilities; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Department of Human Services to investigate options for allowing adults receiving developmental disability services to receive supports necessary to live in homes they own or rent and with support of roommates that they choose. Requires Department of Human Services to ensure that] investigate options for allowing adults receiving developmental disability services to receive supports necessary to live in homes they own or rent and with support of roommates that they choose. Requires department to report findings from investigation to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to human services by December 1, 2023. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public charter school operations in nonsponsoring school districts; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits scope by which public charter schools may conduct operations in school district that is not sponsor of public charter school. Limits scope by which public charter schools may conduct operations in school district that is not sponsor of public charter school. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to canola production; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Extends sunset on certain restrictions on growing canola within Willamette Valley Protected District to July 1, 2024. Makes permanent] Extends sunset on certain restrictions on growing canola within Willamette Valley Protected District to July 1, 2024. Instructs State Department of Agriculture to report to committee or interim committee of House of Representatives related to agriculture on recommendations for legislation related to seed crops of genus Brassica. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to soil and water conservation districts.. Description: Provides that zone directors on local governing body of soil and water conservation district must reside within zones they represent in district and be registered voters. Provides that zone directors on local governing body of soil and water conservation district in county with population of ___ or more need only] must reside within zones they represent in district and be registered voters. Provides that zone directors in districts that do not include any counties with populations of 250,000 or more must also meet certain additional requirements.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unlawful fender height modifications.. Description: Creates offense of unlawful fender height modifications. Creates offense of unlawful fender height modifications. Provides that offense does not apply if motor vehicle is carrying heavy load that causes rear fender to be four or more inches lower than front fender. Punishes by maximum fine of $500, unless commission of offense contributes to accident. Punishes by maximum fine of $2,000 if commission of offense contributes to accident.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to out-of-service parking meters; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows parking in spaces regulated by out-of-service parking meters operated by public bodies unless notice prohibiting parking is posted. Allows parking in spaces regulated by out-of-service city] parking meters operated by public bodies unless notice prohibiting parking is posted. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to violations of laws prohibiting harming students; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Human Services to find public education program responsible for founded reports of abuse in specified circumstances. Directs Department of Human Services to find public education program responsible for founded reports of abuse in specified circumstances. Modifies definition of "abuse" for purposes of child abuse to include violations of existing laws prohibiting infliction of corporal punishment on students. Modifies definition of "abuse" for purposes of child abuse to include violations of existing laws prohibiting use of restraint and seclusion on students. Restores definition on July 1, 2028. Directs department to submit quarterly reports to Legislative Assembly regarding investigations of abuse involving child and school employee, contractor, agent or volunteer. Prohibits department in specified circumstances from substantiating allegation of abuse against personnel of public education program who have not been appropriately trained. Repeals prohibition on June 30, 2028. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to providers of developmental disability services.. Description: Authorizes Department of Human Services to prescribe application fees for initial and renewed licenses, certifications and endorsements for residential training homes, residential training facilities, adult foster homes that care for adults with intellectual or developmental disabilities and facilities or persons certified by department to provide developmental disability services. Requires Department of Human Services to report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to health, no later than September 15, 2024, on implementation of agency with choice.] Authorizes Department of Human Services to prescribe application fees for initial and renewed licenses, certifications and endorsements for residential training homes, residential training facilities, adult foster homes that care for adults with intellectual or developmental disabilities and facilities or persons certified by department to provide developmental disability services. Sunsets January 2, 2025.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to adoption placement services; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Exempts certain providers of adoption placement services from specified reporting requirements. Exempts certain providers of adoption placement services from specified reporting requirements. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to medical devices.. Description: Requires coverage under health insurance policy for prosthetic and orthotic devices. Requires coverage under health insurance policy for prosthetic and orthotic devices.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to life insurance policies covering child support obligations; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Permits obligor who is required to maintain life insurance policy to cover child support obligations to move court to modify portion of judgment requiring maintenance of life insurance policy under specified circumstances. Permits obligor who is required to maintain life insurance policy to cover child support obligations to move court to modify portion of judgment requiring maintenance of life insurance policy under specified circumstances. Declares emergency, effective on passage. .
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to disqualification of judges.. Description: Provides procedure whereby elected judge may challenge party, attorney, law firm, district attorney's office, defense consortium or public defender's office that files motions to disqualify judge that effectively deny judge assignment to criminal or juvenile delinquency docket. Provides procedure whereby elected judge may challenge party, attorney, law firm, district attorney's office, defense consortium or public defender's office that files motions to disqualify judge that effectively deny judge assignment to criminal or juvenile delinquency docket.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Commission on Statewide Law Enforcement Standards of Conduct and Discipline.. Description: Modifies certain provisions relating to Commission on Statewide Law Enforcement Standards of Conduct and Discipline. Modifies membership and other] certain provisions relating to Commission on Statewide Law Enforcement Standards of Conduct and Discipline.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unmanned aircraft systems.. Description: Reconciles and modifies penalties for certain offenses involving unmanned aircraft systems. Reconciles and modifies penalties for certain offenses involving unmanned aircraft systems.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unmanned aircraft systems.. Description: Allows local government to prohibit takeoff and landing of unmanned aircraft systems in parks owned by local government. Allows local government to prohibit takeoff and landing of unmanned aircraft systems in parks owned by local government.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to applying the state action doctrine to agreements among certain Oregon ports; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Declares intent of Legislative Assembly to displace competition under state action doctrine to allow public cargo or passenger port located in this state and any other public port, including member of Northwest Marine Terminal Association, to coordinate, reach agreements on and implement action that is within port's authority, including actions to specify rates and charges, rules, practices and procedures with respect to cargo and passenger service operations and planning, development, management, marketing, operations and uses of public port facilities. Declares intent of Legislative Assembly to displace competition under state action doctrine for discussions, collaborations and agreements among ports of Astoria, Columbia County and Coos Bay and with other members of Northwest Marine Terminal Association that could incur liability under state or federal antitrust laws. Requires ports to submit any agreement that results from discussion or collaboration to State Land Board for supervision and approval. Permits State Land Board to delegate duties to Director of the Department of State Lands] to allow public cargo or passenger port located in this state and any other public port, including member of Northwest Marine Terminal Association, to coordinate, reach agreements on and implement action that is within port's authority, including actions to specify rates and charges, rules, practices and procedures with respect to cargo and passenger service operations and planning, development, management, marketing, operations and uses of public port facilities. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the duration of restraining orders.. Description: Modifies duration of Family Abuse Prevention Act restraining orders . Modifies duration of certain] Family Abuse Prevention Act restraining orders when restrained person requests hearing within relevant time frame]. Declares emergency, effective on passage.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to abbreviated school day programs; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies abbreviated school day program requirements. Modifies abbreviated school day program requirements. Requires that parent or foster parent must give informed and written consent for student with disability to be placed on program. Prescribes duties of school district superintendent and Department of Education in relation to abbreviated school day programs. Directs school districts to provide notice to parents or foster parents of every student with disability who was on abbreviated school day program at end of 2022-2023 school year or who had abbreviated school days during 2022-2023 school year. Prescribes requirements of notice. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to subsurface sewage disposal.. Description: Directs Environmental Quality Commission to adopt rules setting forth conditions for approving proposal to permanently connect accessory dwelling unit located on same lot or parcel as single-family dwelling to same subsurface sewage disposal system or alternative sewage disposal system. Directs Environmental Quality Commission to adopt rules authorizing single-family dwelling and accessory dwelling unit constructed on same lot or parcel to be permanently connected] setting forth conditions for approving proposal to permanently connect accessory dwelling unit located on same lot or parcel as single-family dwelling to same subsurface sewage disposal system or alternative sewage disposal system.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to workplace psychological safety.. Description: Requires Bureau of Labor and Industries to prepare model respectful workplace policy that employers may adopt. Requires Bureau of Labor and Industries to study matters relating to psychological abuse occurring in workplaces in Oregon. Directs bureau to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to business and labor not later than September 15, 2024] prepare model respectful workplace policy that employers may adopt. Requires bureau to create and make available to employers informational materials identifying harms to employees and employers caused by workplace bullying.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to establishing the value of food fish.. Description: Provides that, in suit for recovery of damages for unlawful taking or possession of food fish, damages shall be twice fair market value of food fish, as established by State Fish and Wildlife Commission by rule. Provides that, in suit for recovery of damages for unlawful taking or possession of food fish, damages shall be twice fair market value of food fish, as established by State Fish and Wildlife Commission by rule.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to voluntarily fighting fire.. Description: Provides that person who voluntarily fights wildfire on private forestland is not civilly liable for injury to person or property resulting from good faith performance of firefighting efforts. Provides that person who voluntarily fights wildfire on private forestland is not civilly liable for injury to person or property resulting from good faith performance of firefighting efforts.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to children in substitute care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Human Services to begin search for relative placement resources immediately upon child or ward entering substitute care. Directs Department of Human Services to begin search for relative placement resources immediately upon child or ward entering substitute care. Directs department to take into consideration parent's objection to department's contacting or placing child or ward with certain relatives.] Directs department to provide notice in certain circumstances to parents and relative placement resources or prospective adoptive parent regarding current caretaker priority status if child or ward remains in substitute care for at least 12 months. Modifies direction to department regarding home studies and placement reports to provide that current caretaker in specified circumstances is considered to have priority as guardian, potential placement resource or prospective adoptive parent], if adoption is disrupted, consider any relative or current caretaker who was not initially selected as prospective adoptive parent as adoptive resource. Prohibits department from moving child or ward to prevent person from establishing current caretaker relationship or caregiver relationship with child or ward. Declares child support arrears owed to State of Oregon are deemed satisfied upon termination of parental rights. Permits court to deem satisfied child support arrears owed to State of Oregon by parent. Modifies factors of failure or neglect for purposes of termination of parental rights proceedings to remove failure to pay for care and maintenance of child or ward in substitute care. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to forfeiture by wrongdoing.. Description: Provides that witness is unavailable for purposes of hearsay rules if witness is absent from hearing and proponent of statement has established that party against whom statement is offered engaged in certain conduct that caused witness to be unavailable. Provides that witness is unavailable for purposes of hearsay rules if witness is absent from hearing and proponent of statement has established that party against whom statement is offered engaged in certain conduct that caused witness to be unavailable.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the prevention of wildfire in federal forests.. Description: Instructs State Forestry Department to endeavor to partner with federal agencies to undertake certain activities in federal forests related to fire prevention and request that federal agencies fund portions of activities. Instructs State Forestry Department to endeavor to partner with federal agencies to undertake certain activities in federal forests related to fire prevention and request that federal agencies fund portions of activities.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the release of animal data.. Description: Removes requirement that State Department of Fish and Wildlife obtain confidentiality agreement when disclosing certain animal data to federal government, tribal government, public body, public utility or college or university. Removes requirement that State Department of Fish and Wildlife obtain confidentiality agreement when disclosing certain animal data to federal government, tribal government, public body, public utility or college or university. Provides that department refusal to disclose certain animal data is not subject to review of order in contested case. Extends sunset of provisions related to department ability to refuse disclosure of certain animal data to January 2, 2029. Instructs State Department of Fish and Wildlife to submit report, on or before September 15, 2024, to committees or interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to natural resources on certain data related to wolf management.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to off-road vehicles.. Description: Modifies definitions of "Class I all-terrain vehicle" and "Class IV all-terrain vehicle." Removes requirement that certain off-road vehicles be equipped with windshield wipers when vehicle is operated off highway. Modifies definition of "Class IV all-terrain vehicle.] Modifies definitions of "Class I all-terrain vehicle" and "Class IV all-terrain vehicle." Removes requirement that certain off-road vehicles be equipped with windshield wipers when vehicle is operated off highway. Requires off-road vehicles operated on highway and equipped with windshield, top edge of which is at least six inches above steering wheel, to be equipped with windshield wiper.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the State Parks and Recreation Commission.. Description: Modifies composition of State Parks and Recreation Commission membership. Modifies composition of State Parks and Recreation Commission membership.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Amends statutes relating to housing laws and to authority of Housing and Community Services Department and Oregon Housing Stability Council, including changes to department's procurement authority and ability to provide down payment assistance. Amends statutes relating to housing laws and to authority of Housing and Community Services Department and Oregon Housing Stability Council, including changes to department's procurement authority and ability to provide down payment assistance. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to homelessness; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Housing and Community Services Department to take actions to implement recommendations from 2021 Task Force on Homelessness and Racial Disparities. Directs Housing and Community Services Department to study issues related to homelessness and to report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on or before September 15, 2025.] Sunsets December 31, 2025.] Requires Housing and Community Services Department to take actions to implement recommendations from 2021 Task Force on Homelessness and Racial Disparities. Requires department to report on implementation to committee of Legislative Assembly related to housing on or before March 15, 2024. Sunsets January 2, 2026. Expands homelessness programs and services department may implement. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the offense of passing in a no passing zone.. Description: Modifies offense of passing in no passing zone. Modifies offense of passing in no passing zone. Clarifies that term "obstruction" includes person riding bicycle or operating another type of vehicle.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to organized retail theft.. Description: Establishes Organized Retail Theft Grant Program. Establishes Task Force on Organized Retail Theft. Directs task force to review existing issues of organized retail theft to determine changes to laws or policies to address issues or reduce organized retail theft. Sunsets on December 31, 2024.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Establishes Organized Retail Theft Grant Program. Directs Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to administer program. Appropriates moneys to commission for purposes of program.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to investigative subpoenas in child abuse investigations; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Confers authority to Director of Human Services to issue investigative subpoenas for production of specified records in child abuse investigations. Confers authority to Director of Human Services to issue investigative subpoenas for production of specified records in child abuse investigations. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to temporary assignment to youth correction facility; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Permits person who is 20 years of age or older at time of resentencing for crime committed when person was under 18 years of age to continue temporary assignment to youth correction facility if person was temporarily assigned to youth correction facility following original sentence. Permits person who is 20 years of age or older at time of resentencing for crime committed when person was under 18 years of age to continue temporary assignment to youth correction facility if person was temporarily assigned to youth correction facility following original sentence. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to diversity of Oregon Youth Authority staff.. Description: Directs Oregon Youth Authority to maintain certain demographic data. Directs Oregon Youth Authority to maintain certain demographic data. Directs authority to consider demographic disparities among adjudicated youths and between adjudicated youths and authority employees when developing culturally responsive programs.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to youth correction facility staffing levels.. Description: Modifies criteria for determining maximum allowable population levels for youth correction facilities. Modifies criteria for determining maximum allowable population levels for youth correction facilities.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to employees' rights to refuse to perform certain work assignments.. Description: Prohibits employer from retaliating or discriminating against employee or prospective employee who, in good faith and with no reasonable alternative, refuses exposure arising from hazardous condition at place of employment. Provides employee with right to refuse to perform task assigned by employer under certain circumstances. Protects employee against disciplinary action for exercising right.] Prohibits employer from retaliating or discriminating against employee for invoking right] or prospective employee who, in good faith and with no reasonable alternative, refuses exposure arising from hazardous condition at place of employment. Allows employee to use sick leave to cover period when employee is not working due to employee's exercising right to refuse to perform assigned task.] Requires Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to adopt rules to implement provisions of Act that are in accordance with federal Occupational Safety and Health Act.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to exemptions from requirements mandating the acceptance of cash payments.. Description: Excludes certain on-street and off-street parking pay stations from requirement to accept coins and currency as payment for goods and services. Excludes certain on-street and off-street parking pay stations from requirement to accept coins and currency as payment for goods and services.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the family and medical leave insurance program; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes Director of Employment Department to deduct amount from future weekly family and medical leave insurance benefits for overpayments due to individual's fault. Authorizes Director of Employment Department to deduct amount from future weekly family and medical leave insurance benefits for overpayments due to individual's fault. Authorizes director to deduct amount from future weekly benefits for overpayments not due to individual's fault. Limits collection period to five years following week in which erroneous payment finally established, except in case of fraud. Specifies contents of notices of recovery. Authorizes director to waive recovery of overpaid benefits, except in case of fraud. Requires director to establish process by which covered individual may request hearing to obtain review of final determination of director regarding benefit deductions. Provides that person is ineligible for benefits after person is convicted of fraud. Authorizes director to cancel unrecoverable benefits paid as overpayments under certain circumstances. Authorizes director to request offset of moneys owed to debtor by state against certain benefit overpayments.] Authorizes director to pay fee charged by Department of Revenue for processing request to offset against liquidated state debt state tax refund owed to debtor. Authorizes director to collect employer assistance grant repayments and contributions from self-employed individuals and tribal governments, including penalties and interest. Allows director to attach liens on real or personal property as result of failure to remit such repayments and contributions. Authorizes director to assess penalties against employer that violates requirements applicable to employer-offered family and medical leave benefit plans. Requires director to establish process by which employer may request hearing to obtain review of penalty assessments. Provides when director's decision to assess penalty becomes final. Authorizes director to waive, reduce or compromise outstanding nonpayment contribution balances of $10 or less. Authorizes director to retain overpayments of mandatory contributions for overpayments that do not exceed $10. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the family and medical leave insurance program; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Makes technical changes to paid family and medical leave insurance program. Makes technical changes to paid family and medical leave insurance program. Provides circumstances under which Director of the Employment Department may dismiss request for hearing. Specifies circumstances under which requests for hearing to review final decisions of director may occur. Sets maximum wages that are subject to contribution rate for purposes of contributions due on or after January 1, 2024, at amount that is equivalent to Social Security contribution and benefit base limit established by federal Social Security Administration. Requires Director of the Employment Department to annually adjust maximum wage cap to align with Social Security contribution and benefit base limit. Authorizes director to disclose confidential information relating to paid family and medical leave program under certain circumstances. Clarifies Employment Department's rulemaking authority regarding dispute resolution process for equivalent employer plans. Excludes certain information related to final orders of department from requirement that information be maintained in digital format. Modifies definition of "employee" to exclude certain elected officials and holders of public office. Clarifies that definition of "wages" does not mean employee contributions paid by employer. Clarifies determination criteria for employee's place of performance for purposes of determining whether employee's wages are subject to provisions related to contributions and benefits. Permits employer to allow employee to use all or portion of other paid leave to supplement paid family and medical leave benefits. Clarifies that chapter relating to family and medical leave insurance benefits and contributions is not tax law subject to jurisdiction of tax court. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes city or county to adopt five-year property tax exemption for newly constructed accessory dwelling unit, or newly converted duplex, triplex or quadplex, that is used as occupant's primary residence. Provides] Authorizes city or county to adopt five-year property tax exemption for newly constructed accessory dwelling unit, or newly converted duplex, triplex or quadplex, that is used as occupant's primary residence. Requires approval of affected taxing districts imposing majority of total combined rate of taxation on eligible property. Applies to property tax years beginning on or after July 1, 2024. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school enrollment designation of student; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires that only students who have school identification number are included in average daily membership. Requires school districts to designate person's school or program of enrollment. Prohibits designation of nonstandard school or program that does not meet specified requirements.] Requires that only students who have school identification number are included in average daily membership. Prohibits student who has only program identification number from being included in average daily membership. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sewage disposal system permits; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes Environmental Quality Commission to adopt rules for determining whether community or area-wide sewerage system is available for purposes of sewage disposal system construction permit. Directs] Authorizes Environmental Quality Commission to adopt rules for determining whether community or area-wide sewerage system will accommodate proposed sewage discharge] is available for purposes of sewage disposal system construction permit. Authorizes Department of Environmental Quality to issue permit for repair or replacement of sewage disposal system without regard to availability of sewerage system if certain criteria are met.] Prohibits Department of Environmental Quality from determining community or area-wide sewerage system is available unless sewerage system is within 200 feet of property to be served. Sunsets repair or replacement provision] prohibition on January 2, 2025. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to high school credits earned outside the United States.. Description: Requires Department of Education to conduct study to identify improved processes for transferring high school credits earned by student outside United States. Requires Department of Education to conduct study to identify improved processes for transferring high school credits earned by student outside United States. Directs department to submit findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to education not later than September 15, 2024.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to certified parole and probation officers employed by the State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision.. Description: Provides that certified parole and probation officer employed by State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision qualifies as police officer under Public Employees Retirement System. Provides that certified parole and probation officer employed by State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision qualifies as police officer under Public Employees Retirement System. Provides that certified parole and probation officer employed on effective date of Act is entitled to service in retirement system as police officer for all service performed as certified parole and probation officer employed by board.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Oregon State Police Trooper Dale Benjamin "Bennie" Courtney for his service to this state.. Description: Recognizes and honors Oregon State Police Trooper Dale Benjamin "Bennie" Courtney (1925-1950) for his service to this state.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to crime; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows circuit court judge to authorize execution of search warrant outside judicial district for interrelated conduct carried on in more than one county. Allows circuit court judge to authorize execution of search warrant outside judicial district for interrelated conduct carried on in more than one county. Defines "interrelated conduct." Allows judge assigned to judicial district to authorize execution of search warrant in that judicial district regardless of whether regularly elected or appointed judge for that judicial district is available. Prohibits presenting application for search warrant that is denied in one judicial district to judge in another judicial district. Creates exceptions. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to providing for mental health needs of the agricultural workforce; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to support implementation of AgriStress Helpline in Oregon. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to support implementation of AgriStress Helpline in Oregon. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sex offenses.. Description: Expands types of prior convictions that increase offense level for crime of public indecency. Expands types of prior convictions that increase offense level for crime of public indecency. Modifies crime of luring a minor to include engaging in sexual conduct in immediate presence of minor for purposes of inducing minor to engage in sexual conduct. Declares emergency, effective on passage.].
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care providers.. Description: Allows Oregon Health Authority to conduct off-site investigation after receiving certain complaints against hospitals. Allows Oregon Health Authority to conduct off-site investigation after receiving certain complaints against hospitals. Allows initial licensure inspections to be conducted off-site for specified providers of home- and community-based care and hospice care.] Permits authority to disclose information obtained during investigation of complaint or reported violation against home health agency, in-home care agency, hospice program or caregiver registry to specified public entities to carry out regulatory or enforcement activities of such public entities. Allows authority to issue temporary or provisional certification to practice as hemodialysis technician during local, state or federal declaration of state of emergency or public health emergency. Permits certification by reciprocity of hemodialysis technicians. Authorizes authority to require fingerprints for purpose of conducting criminal records check of persons applying for or renewing certification as hemodialysis technicians. Updates defined term from "dialysis facility or center" to "outpatient renal dialysis facility" for purposes of hemodialysis technician statutes. Removes requirement that outlines of instruction for courses for psilocybin service facilitators be submitted to Department of Education. Expands membership of Oregon Public Health Advisory Board and specifies criteria for new members.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to adopt standards for types of data collected for all payer, all claims database that are consistent with standards adopted for collection of data on race, ethnicity, language, disability, sexual orientation and gender identity. Requires Oregon Health Authority to adopt standards for types of data collected for all payer, all claims database that are consistent with standards adopted for collection of data on race, ethnicity, language, disability, sexual orientation and gender identity. Allows authority to charge fee for releasing information from database. Removes obsolete provisions related to individual shared responsibility provisions of Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Modifies membership of Health Insurance Exchange Advisory Committee and sunsets requirement for authority to report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly on integration into authority of duties, functions and powers transferred from Department of Consumer and Business Services. Repeals COFA Premium Assistance Program. Replaces provisions related to Health Plan Quality Metrics Committee with provisions creating Metrics and Scoring Committee under Oregon Health Policy Board. Modifies duties of committee. Repeals metrics and scoring subcommittee.] Beginning in reporting year 2025, requires metrics and scoring subcommittee of Health Plan Quality Metrics Committee to select, based on specified criteria, downstream health outcome and quality measures for coordinated care organizations from sets of core quality measures for Medicaid program published by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and at least four upstream health outcome and quality measures that focus on social determinants of health. Requires Oregon Health Authority to annually update health outcome and quality measures if necessary to conform to latest sets of core quality measures published by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Authorizes members of Public Health Benefit Purchasers Committee, Health Care Workforce Committee, Health Plan Quality Metrics Committee, Behavioral Health Committee and metrics and scoring subcommittee who are not members of Oregon Health Policy Board to receive compensation and actual and necessary travel and other expenses as prescribed by Oregon Health Authority by rule. Repeals requirement that initial assessment by coordinated care organization of child in custody of Department of Human Services be performed in accordance with metrics established by metrics and scoring subcommittee. Requires Oregon Health Authority to study coordinated care organization quality incentive program, develop recommendations for changes and report recommendations to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to health by September 15, 2024. Permits Oregon Health Authority to reimburse coordinated care organizations for health-related social needs services using methods other than global budgets. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to systems of care.. Description: Modifies criteria for membership on System of Care Advisory Council. Modifies criteria for membership on System of Care Advisory Council. Modifies duties of System of Care Advisory] council.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to nursing assistants; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Removes requirement that Oregon State Board of Nursing certify as nursing assistant any qualified applicant. Removes requirement that Oregon State Board of Nursing certify as nursing assistant any qualified applicant. Allows board to deny certificate and place nursing assistant on probation for specified reasons. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pharmacy; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Revises definitions related to pharmacy for consistency with applicable federal law. Revises definitions related to pharmacy for consistency with applicable federal law. Becomes operative November 26, 2023. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the health insurance exchange; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to transition from healthcare.gov to state-based marketplace by November 1, 2026. Requires Oregon Health Authority to transition from healthcare.gov to state-based marketplace by November 1, 2026. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sexual assault; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Creates crime of sexual abuse by fraudulent representation. Creates crime of sexual assault] abuse by fraudulent representation. Punishes by maximum of 10 years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine, or both. Specifies statute of limitations for crime. Defines crime as sex crime, requiring persons convicted of crime to report as sex offender. Requires, for provision excluding certain conduct from crimes of unlawful sexual penetration and custodial sexual misconduct, that conduct be for legitimate medical purpose. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Department of Revenue debt collections.. Description: Authorizes Oregon Department of Administrative Services to exempt certain accounts that originate in Department of Revenue from general requirement to assign liquidated and delinquent account to private collection agency within one year of most recent payment on account. Authorizes Oregon Department of Administrative Services to exempt certain accounts that originate in Department of Revenue from general requirement to assign liquidated and delinquent account to private collection agency within one year of most recent payment on account.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to high school completion.. Description: Removes alternative certificate as option for completing high school. Prescribes requirements for information recorded on student transcript, including types of credits earned by student.] Establishes requirements for when student may be enrolled in course for modified credit.] Removes alternative certificate as option for completing high school. Allows student to receive certificate of attendance. Removes exception to requirement that student who qualifies for modified diploma, extended diploma or certificate of attendance have access to instructional hours, hours of transition services and hours of other services that is equal to at least total number of instructional hours available to students attending public high school.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to judge advocates.. Description: Modifies who may be appointed as temporary Assistant State Judge Advocates from officers of organized militia to members of organized militia who are members in good standing of Oregon State Bar. Modifies who may be appointed as temporary Assistant State Judge Advocates from officers of organized militia to members of organized militia who are members in good standing of Oregon State Bar. Removes authority of Adjutant General to appoint State Judge Advocate Legal Assistants.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to leave laws concerning time off from work; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Clarifies meaning of "one-year period" for purposes of determining amount of unpaid family leave that eligible employee is entitled to take within any given one-year period. Clarifies meaning of "one-year period" for purposes of determining amount of unpaid family leave that eligible employee is entitled to take within any given one-year period. Requires Employment Department to adopt rules establishing factors for determining whether significant personal bond exists to determine individual's status as family member by reason of affinity for purposes of paid family and medical leave. For purposes of unpaid family leave, requires Commissioner of Bureau of Labor and Industries to adopt rules relating to affinity that are consistent with rules adopted by Employment Department. Expands definition of "family member" for purposes of provisions related to unpaid family leave. Clarifies employer obligations with respect to continuation of benefits during and after period of paid family and medical leave. Clarifies employer obligations regarding job protection after period of protected paid family and medical leave or unpaid family leave. Clarifies provisions related to coordination of leave taken under provisions related to paid family and medical leave program and provisions related to unpaid family leave. Clarifies that provisions permitting employees to file administrative complaint with commissioner alleging violation of provisions relating to prohibited conduct do not apply if remedy for such violations is made available under other provisions of law related to paid family and medical leave. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school facilities; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Eliminates State School Fund distributions for facility grants. Eliminates State School Fund distributions for facility grants. Carves out amount from State School Fund to be used by Department of Education in supporting school districts, education service districts and public charter schools before, during or after threat or hazard to help improve safety and security of students and staff. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to regional family support networks; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Department of Human Services to establish and maintain regional family support networks for families of individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Directs Department of Human Services to establish and maintain regional family support networks for families of individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Permits department to contract with community organizations for provision of regional family support network services. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to restrictive interventions.. Description: Modifies provisions regarding retention of records of incidents involving the use of restraints or seclusion of children in care and students in public education programs. Modifies provisions regarding retention of records of incidents involving the use of restraints or seclusion of children in care and students in public education programs. Directs Department of Human Services to adopt rules regarding installation and use of recording equipment in specified programs. Directs public education programs to provide records of incidents involving use of restraint or seclusion of students to certain investigators] persons upon request.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Specialist Four Michael Lee Wilkins for his service to his country.. Description: Recognizes and honors Specialist Four Michael Lee Wilkins (1947-1969) for his service to his country. Recognizes and honors Specialist Four Michael Lee Wilkins (1947-1969) for his service to his country.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to active service.. Description: Defines "active service," "active service of the state" and "state active duty." Expands authority of Adjutant General, with approval of Governor, to order members of organized militia into active service of the state. Defines "active service," "active service of the state" and "state active duty." Expands authority of Adjutant General, with approval of Governor, to order members of organized militia into active service of the state. Redefines "service member" for purposes of who may apply to court or administrative body for relief with respect to any obligation or liability incurred before period of active service began or stay of civil or administrative proceeding in which service member is party. Redefines "service member" for purposes of cap on interest rate to be incurred by service member called into active service. Redefines "service member" for purposes of service member who may terminate or suspend provision of service from telecommunications service provider, Internet service provider, health club, health spa or provider of television service. Redefines "surviving family member" for purposes of approved post-secondary tuition waivers for members of Oregon National Guard and surviving family members. Defines "active service of the state" for purposes of requirement that employer grant leave of absence during period of active service of the state.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the payment of costs for educational services provided by programs operated by the military; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Education to make biennial transfer to Oregon Military Department from State School Fund for purpose of paying costs of educational services provided through programs operated by military department for at-risk youth. Directs Department of Education to make biennial transfer to Oregon Military Department from State School Fund for purpose of paying costs of educational services provided through programs operated by military department for at-risk youth. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to child care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Early Learning and Care to establish and administer by rule pilot program for child care micro centers. Directs Department of Early Learning and Care to establish and administer by rule pilot program for child care micro centers. Requires department to report to committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to early learning and care no later than September 15, 2025. Sunsets January 2, 2026. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health insurance coverage of breast examinations.. Description: Prohibits cost-sharing on certain health insurance coverage of supplemental and diagnostic breast examinations. Prohibits cost-sharing on certain health insurance coverage of supplemental and diagnostic breast examinations.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to opioid overdose reversal medication.. Description: Requires hospitals and other specified facilities that provide substance use disorder treatment to provide to specified patients upon discharge or release two doses of opioid overdose reversal medication and necessary medical supplies to administer medication. Requires hospitals and other specified facilities that provide substance use disorder treatment to provide to specified patients upon discharge or release two doses of opioid overdose reversal medication and necessary medical supplies to administer medication. Creates exception. Provides immunity from civil liability for person who in good faith provides opioid overdose reversal medications and necessary medical supplies to administer medications. Provides that civil liability protection does not apply to person involved in manufacture or sale of opioid overdose reversal medication. Requires Oregon Health Authority to facilitate access to opioid overdose reversal medication for hospitals and other specified facilities.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to equity in public procurements; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Raises contract price threshold under which contracting agency may apply certain solicitation and procurement methods for public contracts. Raises contract price threshold under which contracting agency may apply certain solicitation and procurement methods for public contracts. Requires state contracting agency that awards public contract with contract price of $10,000 or more to document in state contracting agency's procurement file actions that state contracting agency takes to provide notice of procurement to Governor's Policy Advisor for Economic and Business Equity and to invite or consider for participation in procurement businesses or enterprises that Certification Office for Business Inclusion and Diversity certifies. Requires Oregon Department of Administrative Services to promote policy of diversity, equity and inclusion in public contracting by engaging in efforts to increase public contracting opportunities for businesses and enterprises that Certification Office for Business Inclusion and Diversity has certified. Requires department to review and evaluate results of disparity study, to develop plan to implement and implement priority recommendations of study and to report periodically to Governor's Policy Advisor for Economic and Business Equity concerning progress of department's plan and implementation. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to a Department of Transportation small business assistance program; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Department of Transportation to establish small business development program to assist qualified small businesses in competing for department's public improvement contracts. Directs Department of Transportation to establish small business development program to assist qualified small businesses in competing for department's public improvement contracts. Specifies requirements for program and how department will determine that business is qualified small business. Caps aggregated value of public improvement contracts department can award each year in connection with program. Requires department to report annually on implementation of program. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Removes requirement for boards and other entities to report to Emergency Board prior to adopting fees. Transfers moneys from Public Employees' Revolving Fund to General Fund for general governmental purposes.] Removes requirement for boards and other entities to report to Emergency Board prior to adopting fees. Transfers specified moneys to General Fund for general governmental purposes. Extends sunset for tide gate grant program. Modifies maximum number of state employees. Extends deadline for operation of certain projects by State Forestry Department. Directs disposition of proceeds from specified legal settlements. Modifies maximum reimbursement rate for student vision screening. Specifies manner of transfer of revenues to Drug Treatment and Recovery Services Fund. Modifies continuous appropriation of moneys in Early Learning Account. Creates fund for fire mobilization costs. Repeals provisions relating to financing of Interstate 5 bridge replacement project. Modifies certain Oregon Health Authority programs to provide reimbursements instead of grants. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the implementation of new academic content standards; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Aligns implementation date of academic content standards for Holocaust and genocide studies with implementation date of academic content standards for ethnic studies. Aligns implementation date of academic content standards for Holocaust and genocide studies with implementation date of academic content standards for ethnic studies. Directs Department of Education to provide professional development to ensure that school districts are able to offer instruction that meets academic content standards related to Holocaust, genocide and ethnic studies. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to human trafficking.. Description: Modifies crimes related to involuntary servitude and human trafficking. Modifies crimes related to involuntary servitude and human trafficking. Establishes affirmative defense for human trafficking victims. Directs Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to classify subjecting another person to involuntary servitude crimes as specified crime categories when victim was under 18 years of age at time of offense. Provides that certain evidence concerning victim of human trafficking involving involuntary servitude is not admissible. Extends statute of limitations for civil action based on violation of conduct constituting involuntary servitude or human trafficking. Requires alcohol service permittee to report suspected human trafficking on licensed premises. Directs Board on Public Safety Standards and Training to include human trafficking investigation training in minimum training required for basic police officer certification. Directs Department of Justice to develop training for certain state agencies concerning human trafficking awareness and prevention. Requires employees designated by specified agencies to annually complete training.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to criminal offenses.. Description: Provides that in prosecution for offense that includes as element causing physical injury to another person, evidence of physical injury may include specified types of evidence. Modifies definition of "physical injury," for purposes of Oregon Criminal Code, to include physical trauma. Defines "physical trauma." Specifies how physical injury may be proved.] Expands crime of criminal mistreatment in the first degree to include subjecting dependent person or elderly person to offensive physical contact. Punishes by maximum of five years' imprisonment, $125,000 fine, or both.] Provides that in prosecution for offense that includes as element causing physical injury to another person, evidence of physical injury may include specified types of evidence.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to annexing territory to rural fire protection districts; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes board of directors of rural fire protection district to annex to district, under certain circumstances, lands that are within coverage area of district. Authorizes board of directors of rural fire protection district to annex to district, under certain circumstances, lands that are within coverage area of district. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to residential tenancies.. Description: Allows residential landlord and tenant to agree to provide written notices by electronic mail and allow landlord to refund moneys by electronic means. Allows residential landlord and tenant to agree to provide written notices by electronic mail and allow landlord to refund moneys by electronic means. Requires mailed copy of termination notices provided by electronic mail.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Universal Health Plan Governance Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Universal Health Plan Governance Board. Establishes Universal Health Plan Governance Board. Specifies membership, powers and duties. Requires board to appoint executive director. Requires board to create comprehensive plan to finance and administer Universal Health Plan that meets specified requirements and is consistent with specified values and principles. Directs board to present comprehensive plan for implementation of Universal Health Plan to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to health and to Governor no later than September 15, 2026. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to election transparency.. Description: Authorizes Secretary of State to secure federal grant moneys to fund pilot project providing live video feed of rooms in which ballots are counted and official ballot drop sites. Authorizes Secretary of State to secure federal grant moneys to fund pilot project providing live video feed of rooms in which ballots are counted and official ballot drop sites. Sunsets secretary's authority to secure federal grant moneys for pilot project on July 1, 2026.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to congressional districts; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides transitional guidance and adjusts membership of certain boards and commissions whose governing body membership is based in whole or part on congressional districts, to account for increase in congressional districts. Provides transitional guidance and adjusts membership of certain boards and commissions whose governing body membership is based in whole or part on congressional districts, to account for increase in congressional districts. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Board of Accountancy; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Board of Accountancy. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Board of Accountancy. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Department of Administrative Services; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Department of Administrative Services for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Department of Administrative Services for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Commission for the Blind; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Commission for the Blind for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Commission for the Blind for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by commission. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Corrections; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Corrections for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Corrections for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Criminal Justice Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Criminal Justice Commission for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Criminal Justice Commission for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from certain lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by commission. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocations during biennium. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocations during biennium. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to specified state agencies for biennial expenses. Modifies certain biennial appropriations made from General Fund to specified state agencies. Limits biennial expenditures from specified moneys collected or received by specified state agencies. Modifies limitations on expenditures for certain biennial expenses for specified state agencies. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023] on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Employment Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by Employment Department. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by Employment Department. Appropriates moneys from certain federal funds to department for certain purposes. Appropriates moneys from Employment Department Special Administrative Fund for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from other federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Employment Relations Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Employment Relations Board for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Employment Relations Board for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by board. Limits biennial expenditures by board from moneys received from assessment against state agencies. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Department of Fish and Wildlife; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Fish and Wildlife for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Fish and Wildlife for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and federal funds from Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery Fund, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds for certain purposes. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Department of Geology and Mineral Industries; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Geology and Mineral Industries for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Geology and Mineral Industries for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and specified federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from other federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Housing and Community Services Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Housing and Community Services Department for biennial expenses and for debt service. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Housing and Community Services Department for biennial expenses and for debt service. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures by department from other federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Judicial Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Judicial Department for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Judicial Department for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and reimbursements from federal service agreements, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to department for Oregon Law Commission, Council on Court Procedures, conciliation and mediation services in circuit courts, law libraries ,] and Legal Services Program , security screening and county courthouse replacement planning]. Modifies specified General Fund appropriations for biennium ending June 30, 2023. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocation to Judicial Department. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023] on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Commission on Judicial Fitness and Disability; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Commission on Judicial Fitness and Disability for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Commission on Judicial Fitness and Disability for biennial expenses. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Justice; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Justice for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Justice for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Bureau of Labor and Industries; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Bureau of Labor and Industries for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Bureau of Labor and Industries for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by bureau. Limits biennial expenditures by bureau from Wage Security Fund. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Limits biennial expenditures by bureau from federal funds. Limits biennial expenditures by bureau from certain lottery moneys. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of legislative branch agencies; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Legislative Administration Committee, Legislative Assembly, Legislative Counsel Committee, Legislative Fiscal Officer, Legislative Revenue Officer, Commission on Indian Services and Legislative Policy and Research Committee for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Legislative Administration Committee, Legislative Assembly, Legislative Counsel Committee, Legislative Fiscal Officer, Legislative Revenue Officer, Commission on Indian Services and Legislative Policy and Research Committee for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by certain legislative branch agencies. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Board of Licensed Social Workers; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Licensed Social Workers. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Licensed Social Workers. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Library; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Library for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Library for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including certain Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Library. Limits biennial expenditures by State Library from assessment against state agencies. Limits biennial expenditures by State Library from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Long Term Care Ombudsman; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Long Term Care Ombudsman for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Long Term Care Ombudsman for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and federal Older Americans Act funds received from Department of Human Services, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by Long Term Care Ombudsman. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Marine Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Marine Board. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Marine Board. Limits biennial expenditures by board from federal funds. Limits biennial expenditures by board from American Rescue Plan Act Coronavirus State Fiscal Recovery Fund moneys for specified purposes. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Medical Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Medical Board. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Medical Board. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon State Board of Nursing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon State Board of Nursing. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon State Board of Nursing. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Business Development Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Business Development Department for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Business Development Department for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from specified fund for specified purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds for certain purposes. Authorizes certain nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Health Authority; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Health Authority for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Health Authority for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, tobacco and marijuana tax receipts, beer and wine tax receipts, provider taxes and Medicare receipts, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by authority for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by authority from certain lottery moneys for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by authority from certain federal funds for certain purposes. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Limits biennial expenditures from Public Employees' Revolving Fund and Oregon Educators Revolving Fund for benefit plan premiums and self-insurance. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Oregon Health Authority. Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Oregon Health Authority. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Parks and Recreation Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Parks and Recreation Department for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Parks and Recreation Department for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds for certain purposes. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by board. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Board of Pharmacy; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Pharmacy. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Pharmacy. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of State Police; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of State Police for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of State Police for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain moneys or other revenues allocated from Parks and Natural Resources Fund for certain purposes. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Psychiatric Security Review Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Psychiatric Security Review Board for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Psychiatric Security Review Board for biennial expenses. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Public Defense Services Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Public Defense Services Commission for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Public Defense Services Commission for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by commission. Modifies specified General Fund appropriations for biennium ending June 30, 2023. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocation to commission. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Public Safety Standards and Training; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Public Safety Standards and Training for debt service. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Public Safety Standards and Training for debt service. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Public Utility Commission of Oregon; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Public Utility Commission of Oregon. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Public Utility Commission of Oregon. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Racing Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Racing Commission. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Racing Commission. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Real Estate Agency; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Real Estate Agency. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Real Estate Agency. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Teacher Standards and Practices Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Teacher Standards and Practices Commission for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Teacher Standards and Practices Commission for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by commission. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Veterans' Affairs; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Veterans' Affairs for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Veterans' Affairs for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys for certain purposes. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and Oregon War Veterans' Bond Sinking Account, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board for certain biennial expenses. Directs board to allocate moneys from Watershed Conservation Operating Fund to various state agencies to implement Article XV, section 4b, of Oregon Constitution. Limits biennial expenditures by board from federal funds and lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by board. Directs board to establish by rule process for allocating available moneys in Natural Resources Subaccount of Parks and Natural Resources Fund. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits expenditures of lottery funds from Watershed Conservation Grant Fund for local grant expenditures by Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board for six-year period beginning July 1, 2023. Limits expenditures of lottery funds from Watershed Conservation Grant Fund for local grant expenditures by Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board for six-year period beginning July 1, 2023. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Youth Authority; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Youth Authority for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Youth Authority for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by authority. Limits biennial expenditures by authority from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Department of Public Safety Standards and Training. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Department of Public Safety Standards and Training. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies purposes and amounts authorized for issuance of general obligation bonds in 2021-2023 biennium. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Modifies purposes and amounts authorized for issuance of general obligation bonds in 2021-2023 biennium. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023] on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies limits on payment of expenses from specified funds by certain state agencies for capital construction. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Modifies limits on payment of expenses from specified funds by certain state agencies for capital construction. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023] on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies amounts of lottery moneys allocated from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Modifies amounts of lottery moneys allocated from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund. Modifies amounts allocated from Oregon Marijuana Account. Directs distribution of moneys from Fund for Student Success. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023] on passage.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by State Board of Pharmacy. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by State Board of Pharmacy. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Commending Southern Oregon University on its 150th anniversary.. Description: Commends Southern Oregon University on its 150th anniversary and for being an inclusive, sustainable university for the future that guides all learners to develop knowledge, capacities and audacity to innovate boldly and create lives of purpose. Commends Southern Oregon University on its 150th anniversary and for being an inclusive, sustainable university for the future that guides all learners to develop knowledge, capacities and audacity to innovate boldly and create lives of purpose.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Kendra "Kennie" Parry.. Description: In memoriam: Kendra "Kennie" Parry (1947-2021). In memoriam: Kendra "Kennie" Parry (1947-2021).
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Declaring March as Social Work Month in Oregon.. Description: Declares March as Social Work Month in Oregon. Declares March as Social Work Month in Oregon.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: James Alan "Jim" Meyer.. Description: In memoriam: James Alan "Jim" Meyer (1936-2021). In memoriam: James Alan "Jim" Meyer (1936-2021).
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Designating rescued shelter dogs and cats as official state pet.. Description: Designates rescued shelter dogs and cats as official state pet. Designates rescued shelter dogs and cats as official state pet.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Adjourning organizational session of Eighty-second Legislative Assembly.. Description: Adjourns organizational session of Eighty-second Legislative Assembly. Adjourns organizational session of Eighty-second Legislative Assembly. Provides that Eighty-second Legislative Assembly shall convene in regular session on January 17, 2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring John and Shirley Vandermosten for their leadership and service to people of Oregon.. Description: Recognizes and honors John and Shirley Vandermosten for their leadership and service to people of Oregon. Recognizes and honors John and Shirley Vandermosten for their leadership and service to people of Oregon.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Indian community and extending congratulations and support for ongoing celebrations of India's independence.. Description: Recognizes and honors Indian community and extends congratulations and support for ongoing celebrations of India's independence. Recognizes and honors Indian community and extends congratulations and support for ongoing celebrations of India's independence.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Frank Moore.. Description: In memoriam: Frank Moore, 1923-2022. In memoriam: Frank Moore, 1923-2022.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing importance of civic education and commending Classroom Law Project for 40 years of service.. Description: Recognizes importance of civic education and commends Classroom Law Project for 40 years of service in providing interactive civic education programs. Recognizes importance of civic education and commends Classroom Law Project for 40 years of service in providing interactive civic education programs.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Commemorating 150th anniversary of opening of Willamette Falls Locks.. Description: Commemorates 150th anniversary of opening of Willamette Falls Locks. Commemorates 150th anniversary of opening of Willamette Falls Locks.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Officer Gary Lavaughn Sumpter for his service to this state.. Description: Recognizes and honors Officer Gary Lavaughn Sumpter (1938-1969) for his service to this state. Recognizes and honors Officer Gary Lavaughn Sumpter (1938-1969) for his service to this state.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Establishing deadlines for completion of legislative measures for 2023 regular session of Eighty-second Legislative Assembly.. Description: Establishes deadlines for completion of legislative measures for 2023 regular session of Eighty-second Legislative Assembly. Establishes deadlines for completion of legislative measures for 2023 regular session of Eighty-second Legislative Assembly.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Leonard Jules "Len" Bergstein.. Description: In memoriam: Leonard Jules "Len" Bergstein, 1945-2022. In memoriam: Leonard Jules "Len" Bergstein, 1945-2022.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Commemorating 75th anniversary of Oregon Institute of Technology.. Description: Commemorates 75th anniversary of Oregon Institute of Technology. Commemorates 75th anniversary of Oregon Institute of Technology.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Willie Bell Richardson.. Description: In memoriam: Willie Bell Richardson, 1948-2023. In memoriam: Willie Bell Richardson, 1948-2023.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring volunteer firefighter Robert A. Hales.. Description: Recognizes and honors volunteer firefighter Robert A. Hales (1967-2008) for his service to this state. Recognizes and honors volunteer firefighter Robert A. Hales (1967-2008) for his service to this state.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Lieutenant Colonel Herman A. "Mac" MacDonald, Jr., for his service to his state, country and fellow veterans.. Description: Recognizes and honors Lieutenant Colonel Herman A. "Mac" MacDonald, Jr. (1929-2022), for his service to his state, country and fellow veterans. Recognizes and honors Lieutenant Colonel Herman A. "Mac" MacDonald, Jr. (1929-2022), for his service to his state, country and fellow veterans.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Establishing limitations and deadlines for legislative measures for the 2024 regular session of the Eighty-second Legislative Assembly, and providing certain labor negotiation procedures.. Description: Establishes limitations and deadlines for legislative measures for 2024 regular session of Eighty-second Legislative Assembly. Establishes limitations and deadlines for legislative measures for 2024 regular session of Eighty-second Legislative Assembly. Provides that certain labor negotiations are not legislative deliberations and are to be conducted under executive session.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Expressing support for county clerks and local election officials.. Description: Expresses support for county clerks and local election officials. Expresses support for county clerks and local election officials.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring service members of Oregon National Guard.. Description: Recognizes and honors service members of Oregon National Guard. Recognizes and honors service members of Oregon National Guard.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Designating potato as official vegetable of Oregon.. Description: Designates potato as official vegetable of Oregon. Designates potato as official vegetable of Oregon.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Deputy Douglas Eugene Smith for his service to this state.. Description: Recognizes and honors Deputy Douglas Eugene Smith (1955-1978) for his service to this state. Recognizes and honors Deputy Douglas Eugene Smith (1955-1978) for his service to this state.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Mary Curtis Gramley.. Description: In memoriam: Mary Curtis Gramley (1936-2021). In memoriam: Mary Curtis Gramley (1936-2021).
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Former state Representative Ralph Davis Brown, 1944-2022.. Description: In memoriam: Former state Representative Ralph Davis Brown, 1944-2022. In memoriam: Former state Representative Ralph Davis Brown, 1944-2022.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Curtis Frederick "Curt" Benefiel.. Description: In memoriam: Curtis Frederick "Curt" Benefiel, 1926-2015. In memoriam: Curtis Frederick "Curt" Benefiel, 1926-2015.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Donald C. "Don" Carey.. Description: In memoriam: Donald C. "Don" Carey, 1925-2019. In memoriam: Donald C. "Don" Carey, 1925-2019.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: John Michael "Mike" Garvey.. Description: In memoriam: John Michael "Mike" Garvey (1953-2022). In memoriam: John Michael "Mike" Garvey (1953-2022).
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Lance Corporal Don Edward Darnall for his service to his country.. Description: Recognizes and honors Lance Corporal Don Edward Darnall (1946-1966) for his service to his country. Recognizes and honors Lance Corporal Don Edward Darnall (1946-1966) for his service to his country.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Declaring legislative intent to address inequities facing Compact of Free Association islanders residing in State of Oregon.. Description: Declares legislative intent to address inequities facing Compact of Free Association islanders residing in State of Oregon. Declares legislative intent to address inequities facing Compact of Free Association islanders residing in State of Oregon.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Adjourning sine die 2023 regular session of Eighty-second Legislative Assembly.. Description: Adjourns sine die 2023 regular session of Eighty-second Legislative Assembly. Adjourns sine die 2023 regular session of Eighty-second Legislative Assembly.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating centennial of Oregon's ratification of Nineteenth Amendment to United States Constitution.. Description: Commemorates centennial of Oregon's ratification of Nineteenth Amendment to United States Constitution and honors those who led woman suffrage campaign in Oregon.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Proposing amendment to Oregon Constitution relating to the impeachment of statewide elected Executive Branch officials.. Description: Proposes amendment to Oregon Constitution to vest power of impeachment of statewide elected Executive Branch officials in House of Representatives and power to try impeachments in Senate. Proposes amendment to Oregon Constitution to vest power of impeachment of statewide elected Executive Branch officials in House of Representatives and power to try impeachments in Senate. Requires three-fifths] two-thirds majority vote of House of Representatives to deliver impeachment resolution to Senate and two-thirds majority vote of Senate for conviction. Limits judgment to removal from office and disqualification from holding other public office in this state. Refers proposed amendment to people for approval or rejection at next regular general election held throughout this state.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Proposing amendment to Oregon Constitution relating to public official compensation.. Description: Proposes amendment to Oregon Constitution to establish Independent Public Service Compensation Commission. Proposes amendment to Oregon Constitution to establish Independent Public Service Compensation Commission. Provides that specified individuals are ineligible for membership on commission. Directs commission to establish salaries for specified public officials. Provides that moneys sufficient to pay for salaries are appropriated from General Fund upon commission's adoption of its determinations. Refers proposed amendment to people for their approval or rejection at next regular general election.
In 2023, Oregon passed a bill titled: Informing Congress that specified applications for amendment convention under Article V of United States Constitution are withdrawn and null and void.. Description: Informs Congress that all applications for amendment convention under Article V of United States Constitution made by Legislative Assembly before effective date of chapter ___, Oregon Laws 2023 (Enrolled House Bill 3625), are withdrawn and are null and void. Informs Congress that all applications for amendment convention under Article V of United States Constitution made by Legislative Assembly before effective date of chapter ___, Oregon Laws 2023 (Enrolled House Bill 3625), are withdrawn and are null and void.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to residential tenancies; declaring an emergency.. Description: Extends suspension of termination of residential tenancies for nonpayment of rent for tenants who have applied for emergency rental assistance and provided documentation of application to their landlord on or before June 30, 2022, throughout period that application is pending. Extends suspension of termination of residential tenancies for nonpayment of rent for tenants who have applied for emergency rental assistance and provided documentation of application to their landlord on or before June 30, 2022, throughout period that application is pending. Amends notice provided with eviction summons delivered by clerk. Adds additional requirements for certain rental assistance providers. Extends until October 1, 2022, sunset of safe harbor for tenants who have applied for emergency rental assistance and sunset of changes extending cure period in termination notices for nonpayment of residential rent. Extends eligibility for funding from Housing and Community Services Department for certain landlords experiencing delay in termination for nonpayment. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to financial assistance for agricultural producers; declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs State Department of Agriculture to establish forgivable loan program to provide financial assistance to farming and ranching producers in Oregon with lost gross farm income in calendar year 2021 due to qualifying natural disaster. Directs State Department of Agriculture to establish forgivable loan program to provide financial assistance to farming and ranching producers in Oregon with lost gross farm income in calendar year 2021 due to qualifying natural disaster. Sunsets July 1, 2023. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to illegal cannabis; declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires prioritizing financial assistance to local law enforcement agencies to partner with community-based organizations in order to address humanitarian crisis associated with unlawful marijuana cultivation or distribution operations in awarding grants through Illegal Marijuana Market Enforcement Grant Program. Requires prioritizing financial assistance to local law enforcement agencies to partner with community-based organizations in order to address humanitarian crisis associated with unlawful marijuana cultivation or distribution operations in awarding grants through Illegal Marijuana Market Enforcement Grant Program. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to specified state agencies for specified expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to specified state agencies for specified expenses. Modifies certain biennial appropriations made from General Fund to specified state agencies. Limits biennial expenditures from specified moneys collected or received by specified state agencies. Modifies limitations on expenditures for certain biennial expenses for specified state agencies. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Adjourning sine die 2021 second special session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly.. Description: Adjourns sine die 2021 second special session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly. Adjourns sine die 2021 second special session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to redistricting; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Removes current congressional district provisions. Removes current congressional district provisions. Specifies new congressional districts. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to redistricting; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides for state legislative redistricting. Provides for state legislative redistricting. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Adjourning sine die 2021 special session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly.. Description: Adjourns sine die 2021 special session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly. Adjourns sine die 2021 special session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to procedures for the reduction of educator staff; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires school district that is making reductions in educator staff positions to retain teacher with less seniority if release of teacher would result in lesser proportion of teachers with cultural or linguistic expertise. Requires school district that is making reductions in educator staff positions to retain teacher with less seniority if teacher has more merit and if retention of teacher is necessary to maintain school district's diversity ratio] release of teacher would result in lesser proportion of teachers with cultural or linguistic expertise. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Public Defense Services Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Expands membership of Public Defense Services Commission from seven to nine members. Expands membership of Public Defense Services Commission from seven to nine members. Modifies qualifications of members. Modifies duties of commission. Directs commission to adopt specified policies, including policies concerning compensation, caseloads and oversight. Directs commission to report on implementation of changes to committees of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary on or before February 1, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Department of Administrative Services to distribute to Oregon Community Foundation to provide grants to support emergency shelters. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Housing and Community Services Department Revolving Account for low-barrier emergency shelters and to Oregon Department of Administrative Services for navigation centers] Oregon Department of Administrative Services to distribute to Oregon Community Foundation to provide grants to support emergency shelters. Requires Oregon Community Foundation to provide report to interim committee of Legislative Assembly on grants no later than September 15, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Defines "emergency shelter." Requires local governments to allow siting of qualifying emergency shelters by qualifying entities notwithstanding land use laws and regulations. Defines "emergency shelter." Requires local governments to allow siting of qualifying emergency shelters by qualifying entities notwithstanding land use laws and regulations. Sunsets requirement July 1, 2022. Expands description of transitional housing accommodations to include motor-vehicle camping. Removes three-vehicle limit on motor-vehicle camping on religious institution property.] Expands motor-vehicle camping that political subdivisions may allow. Expands uses of Emergency Housing Account to include developing technical assistance regarding emergency shelters or transitional housing accommodations. Authorizes Housing and Community Services Department to use Emergency Housing Account to fund grants and technical assistance for organizations to develop or operate low-barrier emergency shelters, develop supportive facilities or provide rapid rehousing services and support. Authorizes Oregon Department of Administrative Services to distribute funds to develop navigation centers that must be operating on or before July 1, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to addressing disparities; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows Department of Consumer and Business Services to require implicit bias training for mortgage loan originators. Allows Department of Consumer and Business Services to require implicit bias training for mortgage loan originators. Establishes Joint Task Force on Addressing Racial Disparities in Home Ownership. Requires task force to report to interim committee of Legislative Assembly on or before September 15, 2022. Sunsets task force on December 31, 2022. Appropriates moneys to Legislative Policy and Research Committee to compensate task force.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to affordable housing provided by religious organizations; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides tax exemption for property of religious organization held or used solely to provide affordable housing to low income households. Provides tax exemption for property of religious organization held or used solely to provide affordable housing to low income households. Conditions tax exemption on property being subject to covenant to maintain affordability for not less than 60 years. Provides that default six-year sunset of tax expenditures does not apply to exemption. Requires initial claim to be filed with Department of Revenue and annual claims with county assessor thereafter. Restricts conditions that local governments may place on development of affordable housing provided by religious nonprofit corporations and expands zoning where such housing must be allowed. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to strategies to protect Oregonians from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes temporary limitations on lenders' remedies for borrowers' failures to make payments on obligations secured by mortgages, trust deeds or land sale contracts for certain real property. Establishes temporary limitations on lenders' remedies for borrowers' failures to make payments on obligations secured by mortgages, trust deeds or land sale contracts for certain real property. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Oregon Health Authority, in collaboration with Department of Consumer and Business Services, to create implementation plan for public health plan to be made available to individuals and families in individual health insurance market and to small employers. Directs Oregon Health Authority, in collaboration with Department of Consumer and Business Services, to create implementation plan for public health plan to be made available to individuals and families in individual health insurance market and to small employers. Requires authority and department to conduct analyses of specified subjects regarding public health plan. Requires authority and department to report to Legislative Assembly by January 1, 2022, on implementation plan, results of analyses and recommendations for structure, design and other elements of public health plan. Requires authority to report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to health, by July 1, 2022, recommendations for regional global budget health care delivery model pilot. Sunsets January 2, 2023. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to assessment of ground water resources.. Description: Instructs Water Resources Department to enter into agreement with United States Geological Survey to produce and publish ground water budgets for all major hydrologic basins in this state, contract for person to produce report on statewide consumptive water use, expand ground water level monitoring network, measure progress in estimating and monitoring ground water levels, recharge and use and ensure that department staff members serve as community engagement coordinators. Instructs Water Resources Department to enter into agreement with United States Geological Survey to produce and publish ground water budgets for all major hydrologic basins in this state, contract for person to produce report on statewide consumptive water use, expand ground water level monitoring network, measure progress in estimating and monitoring ground water levels, recharge and use and ensure that department staff members serve as community engagement coordinators. Increases appropriation to department from General Fund for technical services.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to clean energy; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires retail electricity providers to reduce greenhouse gas emissions associated with electricity sold to Oregon consumers to 80 percent below baseline emissions levels by 2030, 90 percent below baseline emissions levels by 2035 and 100 percent below baseline emissions levels by 2040. Requires retail electricity providers to reduce greenhouse gas emissions associated with electricity sold to Oregon consumers to 80 percent below baseline emissions levels by 2030, 90 percent below baseline emissions levels by 2035 and 100 percent below baseline emissions levels by 2040. Requires electric companies to develop clean energy plans and electricity service suppliers to report information for meeting clean energy targets. Directs Department of Environment Quality to determine amount of emissions reduction necessary for each retail electricity provider to meet clean energy targets. Limits cumulative rate impact for compliance to six percent of annual revenue requirements. Permits performance incentive for early compliance. Requires electric company that files clean energy plan to convene Community Benefits and Impacts Advisory Group with input from stakeholders who represent interests of customers and affected entities and communities. Requires electric company to file biennial report with Public Utility Commission that assesses community benefits and impacts of electric company. Directs State Department of Energy to convene work group to examine opportunities to encourage development of small scale and community-based renewable energy projects and report findings to interim committee of Legislative Assembly no later than September 30, 2022. Sunsets December 15, 2022. Permits electric company, if agreed to and in coordination with government, to provide program of rates or charges to serve retail electricity consumers that covers costs of electricity generated from renewable energy resources or nonemitting energy resources or paired with unbundled renewable energy certificates. Defines "government." Requires electricity service suppliers to publicly disclose aggregated energy supply mix and associated emissions of power sources. Establishes contractor labor standards in construction or repowering of large-scale projects. Defines "large-scale project." Prohibits Energy Facility Siting Council from issuing site certificate for new generating facility that produces energy from fossil fuels unless facility generates only nonemitting electricity. Prohibits council from approving amendment of site certificate for generating facility in manner that would increase carbon dioxide emissions from operation of generating facility. Creates grant program within State Department of Energy to provide grants to Indian tribes, public bodies and consumer-owned utilities to plan or develop community renewable energy projects. Establishes Community Renewable Investment Fund within State Treasury for purposes of grant program for community renewable energy projects. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Community Renewable Investment Fund. Increases, from eight percent to 10 percent by 2030, requirement that aggregate electrical capacity of all electric companies be composed of electricity from small-scale renewable energy projects or facilities using biomass. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to resident preferences in employment; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires public employers to give preferences to residents of Malheur County for civil service positions if majority of work of position will be performed within Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Region. Requires public employers to give preferences to residents of Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Region] Malheur County for civil service positions if majority of work of position will be performed within Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Region. Provides that resident applicant who receives position must maintain residency in Malheur County for at least five consecutive years following date on which employment begins. Provides that failure to maintain residency shall be considered voluntary termination of employment. Provides that resident applicant who elects not to receive preference is not subject to residency requirement. Authorizes Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Board, in consultation with governing body of Malheur County, to prescribe method for employee to notify employer of county of residence. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state-owned assets.. Description: Defines "parking facility." Allows Oregon Department of Administrative Services to establish boundaries in Salem where department manages parking facilities. Defines "parking facility." Allows Oregon Department of Administrative Services to establish boundaries in Salem where department manages parking facilities. Allows department to establish rules for parking rates. Requires department to determine typical parking market rate. Requires state agencies to set rates for parking facilities no lower than typical parking market rate. Allows department to establish by written policy low-emission vehicles available for purchase by state agencies. Changes operative date from January 1, 2029, to January 1, 2025, for law requiring agencies to purchase light-duty vehicles that are zero-emission vehicles whenever possible.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to municipal corporation finances.. Description: Eases process for city to elect to receive state-shared revenues. Eases process for city to elect to receive state-shared revenues. Eliminates withholding of 10 percent of state-shared revenues from municipal corporation that has not filed annual audit report.].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to advocacy; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to advocacy commissions. Modifies provisions relating to advocacy commissions. Capitalizes "Black" in references to Black persons. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to regulation of the use of pesticides by the State Department of Agriculture.. Description: Modifies definition of "pesticide applicator." Adds violations of federal law to reasons for which State Department of Agriculture may revoke, suspend or refuse to issue pesticide license or certificate. Modifies definition of "pesticide applicator." Adds violations of federal law to reasons for which State Department of Agriculture may revoke, suspend or refuse to issue pesticide license or certificate. Modifies authority of department to impose civil penalties for violation of provisions related to restricted-use pesticides.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to authorizing regional implementation of traditionally maintained channels program; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes that Department of State Lands or State Department of Agriculture rules implementing traditionally maintained channels program may provide for implementation on region-by-region basis. Establishes that Department of State Lands or State Department of Agriculture rules implementing traditionally maintained channels program may provide for implementation on region-by-region basis. Requires implementation throughout state within five-year period. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to deputy state veterinary technicians.. Description: Authorizes State Department of Agriculture to deputize veterinary technicians to assist department in carrying out its duties. Authorizes State Department of Agriculture to deputize veterinary technicians to assist department in carrying out its duties.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to supervision by the State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision.. Description: Authorizes State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision to discharge person from parole or post-prison supervision prior to end of supervision term for specified medical reason if compatible with best interests of person and community. Authorizes State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision to discharge person from parole or post-prison supervision prior to end of supervision term for specified medical reason if compatible with best interests of person and community. Requires board to make reasonable effort to notify victim prior to final decision concerning discharge.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to loan limits for economic development.. Description: Increases limits for loans for certain business development projects made with moneys from Oregon Business Development Fund and provides for annual adjustment of limits for changes in Consumer Price Index. Increases limits for loans for certain business development projects made with moneys from Oregon Business Development Fund and provides for annual adjustment of limits for changes in Consumer Price Index.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to access to loans for economic development; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Extends sunsets for temporary increases in annual revenue limit amount and maximum loan amount for entrepreneurial development loans and provides for annual adjustment of amounts for changes in Consumer Price Index. Extends sunsets for temporary increases in annual revenue limit amount and maximum loan amount for entrepreneurial development loans and provides for annual adjustment of amounts for changes in Consumer Price Index. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to responsibilities associated with workers' compensation coverage.. Description: Provides that insurer and self-insured employer may keep records of workers' compensation claims at location outside this state if insurer or self-insured employer makes records available to Department of Consumer and Business Services at location inside this state. Provides that insurer and self-insured employer may keep records of workers' compensation claims at location outside this state if insurer or self-insured employer makes records available to Department of Consumer and Business Services at location inside this state. Provides that person that awards contract to another person is not responsible for providing workers' compensation insurance coverage for individuals who perform labor under contract if other person is licensed as construction contractor or landscape contracting business.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to methods for reporting information related to workers' compensation claims; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Permits Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to specify by rule methods for reporting claims, denials of claims and closures of claims related to workers' compensation cases. Permits Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to specify by rule methods for reporting claims, denials of claims and closures of claims related to workers' compensation cases. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to insurance regulation by the Department of Consumer and Business Services; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Specifies conditions under which assuming insurer may receive credit as asset or reduction in liability for reinsurance ceded by ceding insurer. Directs Department of Consumer and Business Services to study and evaluate requirements to maintain accreditation with National Association of Insurance Commissioners and to submit findings and recommendations for legislation to appropriate committee of Legislative Assembly not later than December 31, 2022.] Specifies conditions under which assuming insurer may receive credit as asset or reduction in liability for reinsurance ceded by ceding insurer.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health insurance.. Description: Requires insurer to provide specified notice to insured or prospective insured enrolled in short term health insurance policy. Requires insurer to provide specified notice to insured or prospective insured enrolled in short term health insurance policy. Prohibits insurer from establishing due date for payment of first individual health benefit plan premium earlier than 15 days after coverage begins or after date invoice is sent, whichever is later. Authorizes Department of Consumer and Business Services to access, use and disclose data in all payer all claims database for carrying out department's duties, subject to conditions. Requires grace period of at least 30 days for payment of premium for individual health benefit plan. Requires notice of adverse benefit determination to be provided in culturally and linguistically appropriate manner and specifies elements that must be included in notice. Adds new provisions applicable to external review by independent review organization. Requires insurer to send notice of nonpayment of premium at least 15 days prior to end of grace period established for individual health benefit plans. Removes or modifies certain references to federal law in laws concerning health insurance.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to property held by the Department of Corrections.. Description: Modifies authority of Department of Corrections to receive, hold and dispose of property. Modifies authority of Department of Corrections to receive, hold and dispose of property. Expands authority to include property seized from person on probation or other supervised or conditional release. Provides for manner of disposing of unclaimed property.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to orders setting aside convictions.. Description: Requires court to send to Department of Corrections certified copy of order setting aside conviction. Requires court to send to Department of Corrections certified copy of order setting aside conviction.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Innovative Grant Program.. Description: Establishes Innovative Grant Fund. Establishes Innovative Grant Fund. Directs Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to establish and administer Innovative Grant Program to award grants to programs that enhance public safety and meet other requirements. Appropriates moneys to commission for Innovative Grant Program.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the statewide youth reengagement system; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Broadens eligibility of youths who may participate in statewide youth reengagement system. Broadens eligibility of youths who may participate in statewide youth reengagement system. Expands list of entities Youth Development Council must coordinate with when adopting rules for system. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the wearing of Native American items of cultural significance at public school events; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires school district to allow students to wear Native American items of cultural significance at public school events, including high school graduation. Requires school district to allow students to wear Native American items of cultural significance at public school events, including high school graduation. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to early learning programs; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies community plan requirements for Preschool Promise Program. Modifies community plan requirements for Preschool Promise Program. Removes provisions related to fiscal agents for multiple preschool providers and multiple infant and toddler care providers. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Early Learning Kindergarten Readiness Partnership and Innovation Program.. Description: Modifies recipients of, and uses for, grants provided under Early Learning Kindergarten Readiness Partnership and Innovation Program. Modifies recipients of, and uses for, grants provided under Early Learning Kindergarten Readiness Partnership and Innovation Program. Clarifies administrators of program and related account.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Tribal Early Learning Hub.. Description: Establishes Tribal Early Learning Hub for purpose of delivering early learning services to tribal communities of this state. Establishes Tribal Early Learning Hub for purpose of delivering early learning services to tribal communities of this state.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to English instruction.. Description: Expands high school diploma requirements related to completion of credits in English to allow completion of credits in language arts. Expands high school diploma requirements related to completion of credits in English to allow completion of credits in language arts. Makes relevant related changes in statute to expand requirements for English to requirements for language arts. Eliminates requirement that instruction in all subjects must be conducted in English.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to moneys received by the Department of Education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Education to disburse and expend moneys in manner consistent with intended purposes for which moneys were appropriated or allocated. Directs Department of Education to disburse and expend moneys in manner consistent with intended purposes for which moneys were appropriated or allocated. Authorizes department of Education] to disburse or expend moneys appropriated or allocated to department based on determination of department of intended purposes of moneys if provisions for intended disbursement or expenditure are not provided. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to quality improvement systems for child care facilities.. Description: Modifies directive to Office of Child Care to develop quality recognition and improvement system for child care facilities. Modifies directive to Office of Child Care to develop quality recognition and improvement system for child care facilities.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Identifies economically disadvantaged students based on State Board of Education rule for purposes of Student Investment Account distributions. Identifies economically disadvantaged students based on State Board of Education rule for purposes of Student Investment Account distributions. Authorizes State Board of Education to establish targets for student mental and behavioral health needs. Expands list of eligible applicants to receive distributions from Student Investment Account to include Oregon School for the Deaf,] Youth Corrections Education Program, Juvenile Detention Education Program and public charter schools not sponsored by school district. Removes certain students from statewide education plan for students who are black or African-American. Allows education service districts to receive grants under statewide education plans. Expands definition of "eligible student" for purposes of School Breakfast Program. Modifies school reimbursement rates for purposes of schools that provide free or reduced price meals under National School Lunch Program or School Breakfast Program. Eliminates civil action for disclosure of certain education records.] Establishes Student Success Teams Account for purpose of funding intensive program for school districts with highest needs. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to energy efficiency standards; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes energy efficiency standards for certain appliances sold or offered for sale in this state. Establishes energy efficiency standards for certain appliances sold or offered for sale in this state. Removes requirement that certain appliances sold or offered for sale in this state meet state energy efficiency standards. Authorizes Director of State Department of Energy to update energy efficiency standards by rule. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to standby generation facilities; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Removes requirement that person seeking exemption from requirement to obtain site certificate for standby generation facility request exemption from Energy Facility Siting Council. Removes requirement that person seeking exemption from requirement to obtain site certificate for standby generation facility request exemption from Energy Facility Siting Council. Prohibits council from requiring request for exemption for standby generation facility. Becomes operative January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to a quorum of the Energy Facility Siting Council; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies quorum requirement for Energy Facility Siting Council. Modifies quorum requirement for Energy Facility Siting Council. Becomes operative January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to landowner preference tags for hunting wildlife.. Description: Extends sunset on provisions regarding issuance and use of landowner preference tags for hunting wildlife to January 2, 2026. Makes] Extends sunset on provisions regarding issuance and use of landowner preference tags for hunting wildlife permanent] to January 2, 2026.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sage grouse mitigation funding.. Description: Establishes Sage Grouse Mitigation Program In-Lieu Fee Fund. Establishes Sage Grouse Mitigation Program In-Lieu Fee Fund. Continuously appropriates moneys in fund to State Department of Fish and Wildlife for supporting efforts to restore, protect, enhance or increase habitat for sage grouse, including for related administrative costs, related research or assessment activities or insurance for sage grouse habitat.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to lead-based paint; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires person to identify to Oregon Health Authority third party that performs lead-based paint activities or renovation. Requires person to identify to Oregon Health Authority third party that performs lead-based paint activities or renovation. Allows authority to order risk assessment and hazard control or abatement of lead-based paint activities and renovation when authority has reason to believe violation occurred. Allows authority to impose civil penalty for violation of order. Allows authority to impose costs related to risk assessment and hazard control or abatement and impose lien for costs. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to home health agency licensing fees.. Description: Increases fees for licenses for home health agencies. Increases fees for licenses for home health agencies.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to prescription monitoring program fees; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Increases prescription monitoring program fees from $25 to $35. Increases prescription monitoring program fees from $25 to $35. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to radiation; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes vendor license and annual fee for persons engaging in certain conduct regarding radiation devices and equipment, including X-ray machines and tanning devices. Establishes vendor license and annual fee for persons engaging in certain conduct regarding radiation devices and equipment, including X-ray machines and tanning devices. Modifies registration fee for certain radiation devices and equipment from per machine basis to per tube basis. Increases registration fee for tanning devices. Becomes operative January 1, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health.. Description: Repeals electronic credentialing information program. Repeals electronic credentialing information program. Removes requirement for Pain Management Commission to review pain management curricula of educational institutions. Modifies pain management education requirements for health professionals. Removes requirement for Oregon Health Authority to annually report to Legislative Assembly on Oregon Health Information Technology program. Aligns with federal law requirements about eligibility of temporary public employees to qualify for health benefit coverage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care costs.. Description: Modifies Health Care Cost Growth Target program and Health Care Cost Growth Target Implementation Committee. Modifies Health Care Cost Growth Target program and Health Care Cost Growth Target Implementation Committee. Directs Oregon Health Authority to adopt schedule of civil penalties for providers or payers that fail to report cost growth data or to develop and implement performance improvement plan if required to do so.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to individuals with behavioral health disorders; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to establish peer and community-driven programs that provide culturally specific and culturally responsive behavioral health services to people of color, tribal communities and people of lived experience. Appropriates moneys to] Requires Oregon Health Authority for] to establish peer and community-driven programs that provide culturally specific and culturally responsive behavioral health services that are directly responsive to and driven by] to people of color, tribal communities and people of lived experience. Increases funding to reintegrate into community criminal defendants found unfit to proceed in criminal proceeding.] Appropriates moneys to authority to construct and operate secure residential treatment facility to serve up to 39 individuals.] Requires authority to reimburse cost of co-occurring mental health and substance use disorder treatment paid for on fee-for-service basis at enhanced rate based on specified factors. Requires authority to conduct study of reimbursement rates for co-occurring disorder treatments and study of Medicaid rates paid for behavioral health services compared to physical health services and rates paid for addiction treatment services compared to mental health services. Imposes requirements on authority regarding reimbursement for services provided by mental and behavioral health providers to medical assistance recipients.] Requires authority to continually evaluate and revise administrative rules to reduce regulatory burden on providers. Directs authority to adopt rules requiring coordinated care organizations to provide housing navigation services and address social determinants of health through care coordination. Requires intensive behavioral health treatment providers, coordinated care organizations and insurers to collect and report to authority data regarding access to intensive behavioral health] treatment for children and adolescents with high acuity behavioral health needs. Requires authority to contract with third-party vendor to survey medical assistance recipients about their experiences with behavioral health care and services. Requires Oregon Health Policy Board, by February 1, 2022, to establish Behavioral Health Committee consisting of specified members to establish quality metrics for behavioral health services provided by coordinated care organizations and providers who contract with authority and establish incentives to improve quality of behavioral health services. Requires authority to make specified reports to Legislative Assembly. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to tribal health care providers.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to adopt by rule qualification criteria for tribal traditional health workers as additional category of traditional health workers. Requires Oregon Health Authority to adopt by rule qualification criteria for tribal traditional health workers as additional category of traditional health workers.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to boundaries of community college districts; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves Proposed and Final Order of Higher Education Coordinating Commission dated December 12, 2019, transferring northernmost portion of Lake County from Central Oregon Community College Service District to Klamath Community College Service District. Approves Proposed and Final Order of Higher Education Coordinating Commission dated December 12, 2019, transferring northernmost portion of Lake County from Central Oregon Community College Service District to Klamath Community College Service District. Clarifies that transferred area remains liable for its share of debt of Central Oregon Community College Service District that exists at time of transfer. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to community college districts.. Description: Establishes timeline for petition to make changes in boundary of community college district. Establishes timeline for petition to make changes in boundary of community college district. Enhances procedures to be followed by Higher Education Coordinating Commission when holding public hearings on potential change in boundary of community college district. Requires commission to hold election on revising community college district boundaries only when Legislative Assembly has appropriated money to commission for purposes of holding election. Revises provisions relating to allocation of assets and liabilities when territory leaves community college district.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to boundaries of community college districts; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves Proposed and Final Order of Higher Education Coordinating Commission dated November 12, 2020, changing boundaries of Lane Community College Service District. Approves Proposed and Final Order of Higher Education Coordinating Commission dated ______] November 12, 2020, changing boundaries of Lane Community College Service District. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to youth programs.. Description: Alters scope of duties and data collection requirements for Oregon Youth Employment Program. Alters scope of duties and data collection requirements for Oregon Youth Employment Program. Requires Higher Education Coordinating Commission, after allocating portion of program funds to Oregon Youth Corps, to provide grants to local workforce development boards. Directs commission to allocate no less than 20 percent of program funds to organizations that serve communities of color. Allows program participants to receive award that is equivalent to minimum wage if participant is otherwise prohibited from receiving wages from program provider. Appropriates moneys to commission to administer grants.] Places Oregon Youth Corps and Oregon Community Stewardship Corps within Oregon Youth Employment Program.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing.. Description: Authorizes Housing and Community Services Department to define "veteran" by rule for Oregon Housing Fund programs. Authorizes Housing and Community Services Department to define "veteran" by rule for Oregon Housing Fund programs. Allows department director to delegate signing of housing bonds. Clarifies definition and qualification criteria of "qualified housing sponsor."
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to tax court fees.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to fees in tax court. Modifies provisions relating to fees in tax court.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to publicly supported housing.. Description: Aligns timing of extension of affordability restriction for publicly supported housing with timing for sending notices. Aligns timing of extension of affordability restriction for publicly supported housing with timing for sending notices. Allows qualified purchasers to make offer upon delivery of, or delivery deadline for, first notice. Requires owners of certain publicly supported housing to provide notice to tenants before expiration of affordability restrictions.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Amends Housing and Community Services Department's distribution of Emergency Housing Account funds and administration of federal anti-poverty programs. Amends Housing and Community Services Department's distribution of Emergency Housing Account funds and administration of federal anti-poverty programs. Establishes Task Force on Homelessness and Racial Disparities to address provision of and access to homeless services. Requires task force to submit report to appropriate committee of Legislative Assembly no later than January 15, 2022. Sunsets task force July 1, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to rental assistance programs.. Description: Clarifies that all housing authorities must participate in Housing Choice Landlord Guarantee Program. Clarifies that all housing authorities must participate in Housing Choice Landlord Guarantee Program. Changes eligibility for reimbursement under program. Raises per-tenant limit and eliminates per-landlord limit for reimbursements under Rent Guarantee Program.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to programs administered by the Department of Human Services; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Department of Human Services to report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to human services , by December 31, 2022, comprehensive proposal for department staffing that meets specified criteria. Requires Department of Human Services to report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to human services any changes needed to statutes governing programs administered by department due to changes to budget], by December 31, 2022, comprehensive proposal for department staffing that meets specified criteria. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to alternatives to protective proceedings.. Description: Directs school district to provide child with disability and child's parents with information regarding supported decision-making and strategies to remain engaged in child's secondary education and post-school outcomes. Prescribes standards for supported decision-making agreements. Provides scope of valid agreement. Limits liability of supporter acting under authority granted in written supported decision-making agreement. Limits liability of individuals relying on supporter's authority under written supported decision-making agreement.] Requires court to consider supported decision-making as less restrictive alternative to protective proceeding.] Directs school district to provide child with disability and child's parents with information regarding alternatives to protective proceedings, including] supported decision-making and strategies to remain engaged in child's secondary education and post-school outcomes.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the overpayment of public benefits.. Description: Provides that notice of garnishment related to overpayment of public benefits issued by Department of Human Services or Oregon Health Authority need not be signed by person issuing notice on behalf of department or authority. Provides that notice of garnishment related to overpayment of public benefits issued by Department of Human Services or Oregon Health Authority need not be signed by person issuing notice on behalf of department or authority. Directs supervisory authority of county to provide specified information to Oregon Health Authority and Department of Human Services when defendant is committed to custody of supervisory authority.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to independent residence facilities.. Description: Removes requirement that independent residence facilities be licensed as child-caring agencies. Removes requirement that independent residence facilities be licensed as child-caring agencies.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to county land use permits to establish renewable energy facilities; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies definition of "renewable energy facility" for purposes of county permitting process for certain energy facilities. Modifies definition of "renewable energy facility" for purposes of county permitting process for certain energy facilities. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to payments by petitioners to Land Use Board of Appeals petitions; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies costs for petitioners filing notice of petition with Land Use Board of Appeals. Modifies costs for petitioners filing notice of petition with Land Use Board of Appeals. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Changes name of "Oregon Liquor Control Commission" to "Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission." Declares emergency, effective August 2, 2021. Changes name of "Oregon Liquor Control Commission" to "Oregon Liquor and Cannabis Commission." Declares emergency, effective August 2, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to members of the Oregon Medical Board; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Expands specific geographic diversity requirement to include all medical professional members of Oregon Medical Board. Expands specific geographic diversity requirement to include all medical professional members of Oregon Medical Board. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to psychologist associates; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Repeals Oregon Board of Psychology authority to issue initial psychologist associate licenses. Repeals Oregon Board of Psychology authority to issue initial psychologist associate licenses. Specifies functions that currently licensed psychologist associate may perform. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the 2-1-1 system.. Description: Transfers responsibility for 2-1-1 system from Office of Emergency Management to Department of Human Services. Transfers responsibility for 2-1-1 system from Office of Emergency Management to Department of Human Services. Modifies terminology related to 2-1-1 system. Repeals law relating to duty to contract for creation of 2-1-1 system. Modifies laws relating to financial contributions for 2-1-1 system.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to State Mortuary and Cemetery Board death report fees.. Description: Increases death report fee imposed by State Mortuary and Cemetery Board. Increases death report fee imposed by State Mortuary and Cemetery Board.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to historic cemeteries; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Creates rolling definition of "historic cemetery" as burial place containing remains of one or more persons who died more than 75 years before current date. Creates rolling definition of "historic cemetery" as burial place containing remains of one or more persons who died more than 75 years before current date. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to reporting requirements of tax professionals in a breach of security; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires tax professional to report breach of security associated with tax return preparation to Department of Revenue. Requires tax professional to report breach of security associated with tax return preparation to Department of Revenue. Applies to breaches of security occurring on or after January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Rural Veterans Healthcare Transportation Grant Program.. Description: Establishes Rural Veterans Healthcare Transportation Grant Program within Department of Veterans' Affairs. Establishes Rural Veterans Healthcare Transportation Grant Program within Department of Veterans' Affairs. Directs department to provide grants to entities to provide transportation to veterans in rural areas to access services for physical, mental or behavioral health care.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to charitable contributions by means of checkoff; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Updates statutes governing contributions of personal income tax refunds by checkoff. Updates statutes governing contributions of personal income tax refunds by checkoff. Provides that all charitable and governmental entities that submit applications and that are eligible to receive contributions of taxpayer refunds by checkoff are to be included on schedule of individual income tax return. Replaces system for screening and listing entities that employs eligibility roster and rotation of eligible entities through form listing and instruction listing. Aligns processes for ongoing review of entities included on return with current practice. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2021. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to due date for filing declaration of estimated tax; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Extends, to conform with income tax return due date frequently delayed if due date falls on weekend or based on observation of Emancipation Day holiday in District of Columbia, date for filing declaration of estimated tax and making estimated tax installment payment. Extends, to conform with income tax return due date frequently delayed if due date falls on weekend or based on observation of Emancipation Day holiday in District of Columbia, date for filing declaration of estimated tax and making estimated tax installment payment. Applies to declarations of estimated tax due in tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to liability for amounts held in trust; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides for liability of officer, employee or member of entity for unpaid amounts of taxes or fees collected by entity and held in trust for payment to Department of Revenue. Provides for liability of officer, employee or member of entity for unpaid amounts of taxes or fees collected by entity and held in trust for payment to Department of Revenue. Extends uniform liable entity procedures to liabilities under various tax and fee programs. Applies to amounts due as of January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to criminal records checks; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to criminal records checks. Modifies provisions relating to criminal records checks. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon enrolled a bill titled: Relating to discipline by the Teacher Standards and Practices Commission.. Description: Prohibits Teacher Standards and Practices Commission from issuing license or registration to person convicted of crime related to domestic violence. Prohibits Teacher Standards and Practices Commission from issuing license or registration to person convicted of crime constituting] related to domestic violence. Allows commission, based on consideration of factors prescribed by commission, to issue license or registration to person convicted of crime related to domestic violence if three or more years have elapsed since date of conviction. Extends period for which license or registration issued by commission may be suspended or revoked.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the disciplinary authority of the Teacher Standards and Practices Commission.. Description: Clarifies terminology of persons who may be investigated or disciplined by Teacher Standards and Practices Commission. Clarifies terminology of persons who may be investigated or disciplined by Teacher Standards and Practices Commission.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transportation; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies, adds and repeals laws related to transportation. Modifies, adds and repeals laws related to transportation. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to veterans' loans.. Description: Modifies laws relating to program for home and farm loans to veterans. Modifies laws relating to program for home and farm loans to veterans.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to fees charged by the Water Resources Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Increases certain fees charged by Water Resources Department. Increases certain fees charged by Water Resources Department. Creates fee for additional points of appropriation included in application for approval of change to existing water right or permit. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to annual fees for hydroelectric projects; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Changes annual fees for all power claimants to match annual fees for other hydroelectric projects. Changes annual fees for all power claimants to match annual fees for other hydroelectric projects. Changes annual relicensing and reauthorization fees to match annual fees for other hydroelectric projects. Revises fee structure for annual hydroelectric project fee. Changes timing requirement for appointment of panel to review fee amount. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the performance of work on wells.. Description: Establishes Water Well Abandonment, Repair and Replacement Fund. Establishes Water Well Abandonment, Repair and Replacement Fund. Continuously appropriates moneys in fund to Water Resources Department for purpose of providing financial assistance to persons and certain institutions to carry out well abandonment, repair or replacement. Creates additional qualification required for receipt of water well constructor's license. Creates exception for existing licensees. Creates condition for renewal of water well constructor's license. Changes requirements for submission of information to commission prior to commencing work on well. Requires commission rulemaking. Requires that submission of information after July 1, 2024, be in electronic form. Changes composition of Well Constructors Continuing Education Committee. Extends sunset for provisions regarding well constructor continuing education. Appropriates moneys to Water Resources Department out of General Fund for certain technical services. Appropriates moneys to department out of General Fund for deposit in Water Well Abandonment, Repair and Replacement Fund.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to mandatory reporters of child abuse.. Description: Modifies definition of "public or private official" for purposes of mandatory child abuse reporting. Modifies definition of "public or private official" for purposes of mandatory child abuse reporting.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unclaimed property; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Clarifies role of State Treasurer with respect to unclaimed property and escheated estates. Clarifies role of State Treasurer with respect to unclaimed property and escheated estates. Establishes Unclaimed Property School Fund and Legacy Unclaimed Property School Fund within Common School Fund. Establishes Unclaimed Property and Estates Fund. Combines and transfers moneys in Unclaimed Property Revolving Fund, Common School Fund Account and funds holding escheated property into Unclaimed Property and Estates Fund and Legacy Unclaimed Property School Fund. Provides that unclaimed property of nonprofits, limited liability companies and unclaimed wage claims are treated like other unclaimed properties. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to expansion of urban growth boundaries to accommodate affordable housing; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes Land Conservation and Development Commission to approve plans for urban growth boundary expansion to accommodate affordable housing in Pendleton. Authorizes Land Conservation and Development Commission to approve plans for urban growth boundary expansion to accommodate affordable housing in Pendleton. Sunsets affordable housing pilot program on January 2, 2028. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Department of Public Safety Standards and Training; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to designate one or more accrediting bodies for law enforcement agencies with 35 or more sworn police officers. Directs Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to designate one or more accrediting bodies for law enforcement agencies with 35 or more sworn police officers. Phases in requirement for law enforcement agencies to become accredited based on agency size. Directs department to report to Legislative Assembly on amount of additional instruction hours necessary to expand equity training in basic training course for police officers. Adds two public members to Board of Public Safety Standards and Training. Adds public member to Police Policy Committee of board. Directs department to develop statewide equity training program for police officers and require training for basic certification as police officer. Provides that police officer certification may be denied, suspended or revoked if officer has been discharged for cause for use of excessive force, abuse of lawful authority or discriminatory policing. Increases specified limitation on expenditures by department for purposes of carrying out Act. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to rental assistance; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes long-term rental assistance program in Housing and Community Services Department operating in three to four regions. Establishes long-term rental assistance program in Housing and Community Services Department operating in three to four regions. Requires department to report on program to Oregon Housing Stability Council by December 31 of even years] September 15, 2022, and September 15, 2023. Establishes Rental] Long-Term Rent Assistance Fund to fund program. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to alternative fuel transportation.. Description: Requires electric companies that make sales of electricity to 25,000 or more retail electricity consumers in this state to collect amount from all retail electricity consumers, to be expended to support transportation electrification pursuant to plan accepted by Public Utility Commission. Requires electric companies that make sales of electricity to 25,000 or more retail electricity consumers in this state to collect amount from all retail electricity consumers, to be expended to support transportation electrification pursuant to plan accepted by Public Utility Commission. Sunsets January 2, 2031. Authorizes commission to allow electric companies to recover costs from retail electricity consumers for prudent infrastructure measures to support transportation electrification if certain criteria are met. Increases, by $10,000, maximum base manufacturer's suggested retail price for hydrogen fuel-powered light-duty zero-emission vehicles to qualify for standard and Charge Ahead zero-emission and electric vehicle rebates. Modifies eligibility for and increases value of Charge Ahead zero-emission and electric vehicle rebates. Modifies provisions related to administrative costs of program. Repeals sunset on standard and Charge Ahead zero-emission and electric vehicle rebate programs. Maintains funding of programs through tax for privilege of engaging in business of selling motor vehicles at retail.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to education equity; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Early Childhood Suspension and Expulsion Prevention Program. Establishes Early Childhood Suspension and Expulsion Prevention Program. Directs Early Learning Division to administer program. Requires persons certified or registered by Office of Child Care to comply with provisions of program. Directs State Board of Education to adopt social emotional learning standards and statewide social emotional framework. Directs Department of Education to convene advisory group for purposes of adopting standards and framework. Expands State Board of Education rulemaking authority to include authority to adopt rules for public kindergartens and public elementary and secondary schools consistent with goal of increasing educator diversity. Authorizes Teacher Standards and Practices Commission to approve certain educator preparation programs that are nontraditional pathway to licensure. Expands types of entities that may sponsor or provide approved educator preparation programs. Increases amount of scholarships awarded by Higher Education Coordinating Commission to culturally and linguistically diverse teacher candidates. Modifies requirements related to parties and contents of intergovernmental agreement establishing Educator Advancement Council. Prescribes council membership requirements. Authorizes Department of Education to award grants from Statewide Education Initiatives Account to certain eligible public charter schools. Prescribes requirements related to application and use of grants. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state entities.. Description: Creates Racial Justice Council within Office of Governor. Directs Office of Governor to study and make recommendations regarding certain proposals relating to state boards and commissions. Requires office to submit report on findings by January 1, 2023.] Creates Racial Justice Council within Office of Governor. Directs council to report at least once per year on strategies designed to institutionalize racial justice into conduct of state business. Directs council to provide advice and recommendations to Governor relating to racial justice. Directs council to advise and assist state agencies in creating racial impact statements for programs in agency request budgets. Directs council to communicate with Legislative Assembly to monitor investments in and track progress toward racial equity. Requires state agencies to include racial impact statements with agency request budgets. Requires Governor's budget to include narrative summarizing racial impact statements.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Juneteenth; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes Juneteenth as legal state holiday. Establishes Juneteenth as legal state holiday. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to outdoor recreation; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appoints Associate Director of Outdoor Recreation, or designee, as nonvoting, ex officio member of Oregon Conservation and Recreation Advisory Committee. Appoints Associate Director of Outdoor Recreation, or designee, as nonvoting, ex officio member of Oregon Conservation and Recreation Advisory Committee. Appropriates moneys to Oregon Conservation and Recreation Fund. Limits distributions from fund to amounts matching deposits from certain other sources. Repeals sunset.] Repeals abolishment of Oregon Conservation and Recreation Fund. Repeals sunset of Oregon Conservation and Recreation Advisory Committee. Appropriates moneys to Emergency Board, out of General Fund, to be allocated to State Department of Fish and Wildlife for purposes of Oregon Conservation and Recreation Fund. Provides that moneys may only be released to department in increments matching deposits into fund from sources other than state government. Directs State Parks and Recreation Department to establish statewide recommended standards for design of recreation projects. Directs department to ensure existing recreation facilities comply with statewide recommended standards no later than January 2, 2025.] Establishes Outdoor Recreation Advisory Committee within Office of Outdoor Recreation. Directs Office of Outdoor Recreation to maintain website with links to agency websites with information regarding how to purchase outdoor recreation passes, permits or licenses. Directs office to study and make recommendations for legislation necessary to create single online storefront for outdoor recreation passes. Requires office to submit recommendations to Legislative Assembly by September 15, 2021. Directs Office of Outdoor Recreation to submit annual] inventory and gap analysis of outdoor recreation infrastructure to Legislative Assembly at least once every five years. Directs Office of Outdoor Recreation to study and make recommendations for legislation to increase access to outdoor recreation in Oregon. Requires office to submit report on findings to Legislative Assembly by September 15, 2022. Directs Office of Outdoor Recreation, in collaboration with Oregon Business Development Department, to design and propose legislation to implement grant program to support outdoor recreation products organizations and accelerators. Requires office to submit proposed legislation to Legislative Assembly by September 15, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sentencing.. Description: Expands eligibility for earned reduction in supervision to include persons on any type of supervision who are not serving sentence for disqualifying crime. Expands eligibility for earned reduction in supervision to include persons on any type of supervision who are not serving sentence for disqualifying crime. Specifies that rules adopted by Department of Corrections to carry out program must include notification of eligibility and standards for determining when person has earned reduction.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the distribution of federal forest reserve moneys.. Description: Requires Oregon Department of Administrative Services, upon request of county governing body, to credit forest reserve moneys that would otherwise be credited to county road fund to certain public bodies whose service areas include entire county. Requires Oregon Department of Administrative Services, upon request of county governing body, to credit forest reserve moneys that would otherwise be credited to county road fund to certain public bodies whose service areas include entire county.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to collection of court-imposed financial obligations; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Eliminates minimum amount of fee added to judgment that includes monetary obligation that court or judicial branch is charged with collecting. Eliminates minimum amount of fee added to judgment that includes monetary obligation that court or judicial branch is charged with collecting. Modifies authority of Chief Justice of the Supreme Court with regard to waiver or suspension of certain fees by courts and commissions, departments and divisions in judicial branch. Clarifies provisions relating to prohibition of compromise of restitution or compensatory fine in criminal money judgment. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to vehicles.. Description: Requires Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to amend state building code to require that new construction of certain buildings include provisions for electrical service capacity for specified percentage of parking spaces. Requires Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to amend state building code to require that new construction of certain buildings include provisions for electrical service capacity for specified percentage of parking spaces. Allows municipality to adopt local percentage of parking space requirements higher than state building code requirements. Requires director to make code amendments effective July 1, 2022.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public safety; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to establish program to award grants for restorative justice programs. Provides that public safety officer who represents that person is acting as employee or agent of public body is acting in scope of employment for purposes of Oregon Tort Claims Act.] Increases damages limitations under Oregon Tort Claims Act for claims for acts or omissions of public safety officers. Provides for award of attorney fees.] Provides that person may bring civil action for damages incurred as result of police officer's failure to report or intervene in misconduct.] Expands statewide online database maintained by Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to include settlements of claims against police officers involving misconduct. Requires department to investigate settlements to determine if discipline is warranted.] Directs Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to establish program to award grants for restorative justice programs. Directs commission to report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary concerning awarding of grants. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Attorney General; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs public university to report annually to Attorney General on university's use of outside counsel for legal matters. Limits amount that may be paid to outside attorneys hired by state government.] Directs public university to report annually to Attorney General on university's use of outside counsel for legal matters. Directs Attorney General to report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on use of outside counsel by universities no later than July 1, 2024. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to reemployment rights for servicemembers; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Exempts certain types of voluntary service in uniformed service from five-year limit on eligibility for reemployment rights in private and public sectors. Exempts certain types of voluntary service in uniformed service from five-year limit on eligibility for reemployment rights in private and public sectors. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to orders issued by the Water Resources Commission or Water Resources Department for which judicial review is pending.. Description: Provides that, if Water Resources Commission or Water Resources Department denies stay of final order under certain circumstances and petitioner requests hearing on denial, court must hold hearing not more than 21 days after request is made and denial shall remain in effect until hearing has been held and court has issued decision concerning denial. Provides that, if Water Resources Commission or Water Resources Department denies stay of final order under certain circumstances and petitioner requests hearing on denial, court must hold hearing not more than 21 days after request is made and denial shall remain in effect until hearing has been held and court has issued decision concerning denial. Provides that enforcement of final order that regulated off use of water in favor of determined claim, in-stream water right held by state agency or water right held by, or held in trust for, federally recognized Indian tribe] senior existing water right of record or senior determined claim may only be stayed on appeal if petition for review is served on commission or department and proof of service is filed with court. Provides that, if commission or department receives service of petition that relates to water right or determined claim held by, or held in trust for, federally recognized Indian tribe], not more than five business days after receiving service, commission or department must send petition to person or federally recognized Indian tribe that made call for water not more than five business days after receiving service].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the waiver of property tax charges; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes county to adopt ordinance or resolution authorizing waiver of interest charged for failure to pay taxes when due. Authorizes county to adopt ordinance or resolution authorizing county assessor to waive penalties and] waiver of interest charged for failure to file property tax return or] pay taxes when due. Applies only to 2020-2021 and 2021-2022] property tax years] year, to interest on taxes imposed on real property used in taxpayer's business, provided no uncontested delinquent property taxes were outstanding on such property as of February 15, 2020, and to delinquencies substantially due to effects of COVID-19 pandemic or 2020 Oregon fire season. Sets forth criteria for determining that delinquency is substantially due to effects of COVID-19 pandemic or 2020 Oregon fire season. Requires county that adopts ordinance or resolution to submit report to Legislative Revenue Officer that includes findings and statement of financial impact of waiver of interest on county. Sunsets January 2, 2023. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to items for which a person must obtain a minimum age to purchase.. Description: Prohibits remote sales of inhalant delivery systems. Prohibits remote sales of inhalant delivery systems. Defines "inhalant delivery system." Substitutes "21 years of age" for "the legal minimum purchase age." Requires tobacco retailer to obtain local license if operating in jurisdiction with local license requirement.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to alcohol; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows Indian tribe or airline that holds full on-premises sales license to negotiate with Oregon Liquor Control Commission purchase price of distilled liquor for specified sales. Directs Oregon Liquor Control Commission to study alcohol. Requires report to interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to economic development.] Sunsets January 2, 2022.] Allows Indian tribe or airline that holds full on-premises sales license to negotiate with Oregon Liquor Control Commission purchase price of distilled liquor for specified sales. Changes definition of "malt beverage." Provides that motor vehicle operator's license issued by province or territory of Canada or other form of identification specified by commission is acceptable identification for purchase of alcoholic beverages. Allows nonprofit organization to sell alcoholic beverages for up to 45 calendar days per year without license issued by commission. Allows holder of full on-premises sales license to sell, deliver and ship to consumers specified alcoholic beverages for off-premises consumption. Allows holder of limited on-premises sales license to deliver and ship to consumers specific alcoholic beverages for off-premises consumption. Allows holder of off-premises sales license to sell specified alcoholic beverages for off-premises consumption. Allows holder of temporary sales license to ship specified alcoholic beverages to consumer. Repeals license application fee. Extends period during which specified equipment may be leased or furnished to 14 days and allows for extension of 14-day period as necessary for setup or removal of equipment. Allows advertising by liquor store to be visible from outside store. Specifies that retail sales or distillery outlet agent's deposit with commission is of check and cash receipts. Specifies wine containing more than 16 percent alcohol by volume is taxed at 10 cents per gallon. Requires manufacturer, purchaser and distributor of alcohol to retain records for three years. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to business assistance; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Creates program through which certain lenders may, after competitive RFP process, receive award moneys to fund accounts out of which lenders may be reimbursed for principal losses incurred due to defaults on qualified loans to qualified businesses. Creates program through which certain lenders may, after competitive RFP process, receive award moneys to fund accounts out of which lenders may be reimbursed for principal losses incurred due to defaults on qualified loans to qualified businesses. Requires lender accepting award to enter into written agreement with Oregon Business Development Department and specifies certain terms of agreements. Sets forth circumstances in which lender may use for any purpose, or be required to repay, balance of award moneys. Requires department to develop and implement program to make loans to certain for-profit disadvantaged and emerging small businesses certified by Certification Office for Business Inclusion and Diversity. Sets forth loan requirements regarding maximum principal amount and term, loan documentation, collateral and use of proceeds. Requires business owner interested in applying for loan to seek assistance from technical assistance provider regarding application form and documentation and authorizes technical assistance provider to decide whether to refer application to department for approval or rejection. Establishes Disadvantaged and Emerging Small Business Loan Fund for making loans under program. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to use of land; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Lane County to approve planning application to make permanent certain temporary recreational vehicle parks or campgrounds providing transitional housing for wildfire victims. Directs Department of Land Conservation and Development to study issues relating to use of land and report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on or before September 15, 2022.] Sunsets December 31, 2022.] Requires Lane County to approve planning application to make permanent certain temporary recreational vehicle parks or campgrounds providing transitional housing for wildfire victims. Sunsets January 2, 2024. Allows local governments to consider National Flood Insurance Program requirements in approving application to alter, restore or replace nonresidential use destroyed by 2020 wildfires. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to hemp; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes Oregon Hemp Commission. Establishes Oregon Hemp Commission. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to building in areas affected by wildfires; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes alternative process for alteration, restoration or replacement of certain uses affected by 2020 wildfires. Directs Housing and Community Services Department to study issues relating to building in areas affected by wildfires and report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on or before September 15, 2022.] Establishes alternative process for alteration, restoration or replacement of certain uses affected by 2020 wildfires. Expands eligibility to repair or replace subsurface sewage disposal system for dwellings approved under alternative process. Sunsets December 31, 2022] January 2, 2031. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transportation electrification.. Description: Requires State Parks and Recreation Department to allow for installation and service of public electric vehicle charging stations in parking spaces that are part of facilities of state park system. Requires State Parks and Recreation Department to develop, implement and periodically update plan for] allow for installation and service of public electric vehicle charging stations in parking spaces that are part of facilities of state park system. Establishes Parks and Recreation Transportation Electrification Fund. Continuously appropriates moneys from fund to department to carry out plan. Authorizes Public Utility Commission to allow electric companies to recover costs from retail electricity consumers for prudent infrastructure measures to support transportation electrification if certain criteria are met.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to voluntary stream restoration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs State Department of Fish and Wildlife to adopt by rule and administer program for authorizing voluntary projects for stream restoration and habitat improvement through construction of environmental restoration weirs. Directs State Department of Fish and Wildlife to adopt by rule and administer program for authorizing voluntary projects for stream restoration and habitat improvement through construction of environmental restoration weirs. Exempts authorized projects from removal-fill permit. Exempts authorized projects from fish passage requirements in certain circumstances. Authorizes department to require fish passage as part of authorized project in certain circumstances. Authorizes department to require modification of environmental restoration weirs if found to adversely impact transportation infrastructure or planned transportation infrastructure. Authorizes department to require third-party monitoring of authorized projects. Provides that certain riparian work as part of authorized project is not subject to riparian management requirements under Oregon Forest Practices Act. Requires department to adopt rules establishing program in time for rules to become operative no later than one year after effective date of Act. Requires department to submit, no later than December 31, 2027, report to interim committees related to environment and natural resources of Legislative Assembly on extent and impact of program. Requires department to submit, no later than September 15, 2032, report to interim committees related to environment and natural resources of Legislative Assembly on assessments of conditions of qualifying streams affected by authorized voluntary projects and make recommendations for legislation. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to security for claims of lien in connection with work performed on motor vehicles; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Specifies conditions for requiring, issuing and maintaining in effect surety bond or irrevocable letter of credit for person that creates, attaches, asserts or claims lien in connection with making, altering, repairing, transporting, storing, performing services, supplying materials or performing labor in connection with motor vehicle. Specifies conditions for requiring, issuing and maintaining in effect surety bond or irrevocable letter of credit for person that creates, attaches, asserts or claims lien in connection with making, altering, repairing, transporting, storing, performing services, supplying materials or performing labor in connection with motor vehicle. Specifies persons that are exempt from requirement to maintain surety bond or irrevocable letter of credit. Becomes operative on January 1, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to judgments affecting lawful units of land.. Description: Provides that lawful units of land whose property lines are relocated by certain judgments remain lawful units. Provides that lawful units of land whose property lines are relocated by certain judgments remain lawful units. Prohibits requiring additional validating procedures or denying permits because of judicial boundary changes.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to continuing education for professionals; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Oregon Health Authority and specified professional regulatory boards to require licensees regulated by authority or board to complete continuing education related to suicide risk assessment, treatment and management at specified intervals and to report completion of continuing education to authority or board. Directs Oregon Health Authority and specified professional regulatory boards to require licensees regulated by authority or board to complete six hours of] continuing education related to suicide risk assessment, treatment and management every six years] at specified intervals and to report completion of continuing education to authority or board. Allows authority and boards to establish minimum requirements that licensee must meet to be exempt from requirement to complete continuing education. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to individuals with mental disorders; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Behavioral Health Housing Incentive Fund and transfers interest earned by Housing for Mental Health Fund to Behavioral Health Housing Incentive Fund on effective date of Act. Establishes Behavioral Health Housing Incentive Fund and transfers interest earned by Housing for Mental Health Fund to Behavioral Health Housing Incentive Fund on effective date of Act. Transfers remaining funds in Housing for Mental Health Fund to Behavioral Health Housing Incentive Fund and repeals Housing for Mental Health Fund on June 30, 2022. Directs Oregon Health Authority to use moneys in Behavioral Health Housing Incentive Fund for specified purposes. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to communicating false information about an election.. Description: Prohibits knowingly communicating materially false statement, including by electronic or telephonic means, with intent to mislead electors about date of election, deadline for delivering ballot, voter registration deadline, method of registering to vote, locations at which elector may deposit ballot, qualifications of electors or voter registration status within 30 days of primary election or special election or within 60 days of general election. Prohibits knowingly communicating materially false statement, including by electronic or telephonic means, with intent to mislead electors about date of election, deadline for delivering ballot, voter registration deadline, method of registering to vote, locations at which elector may deposit ballot, qualifications of electors or voter registration status within 30 days of primary election or special election or within 60 days of general election. Authorizes Attorney General] Secretary of State to prosecute violation and establishes civil penalty of up to $10,000 for violation. Expressly states that current prohibition on circulating materially false statement relating to candidate, political committee or measure includes circulation by electronic or telephonic means. Prohibits printing or circulation of imitation voters' pamphlet unless pamphlet is clearly marked as unofficial. Establishes fine of up to $10,000 for violation.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to State School Fund distributions; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Makes permanent school district funding for foreign exchange students and small school district grants. Makes permanent school district funding for foreign exchange students and small school district grants. Increases weighted average daily membership limit for purpose of distributions to small school districts. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to over-the-air broadcasting; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Excludes from meaning of "communication," for purposes of central assessment for property taxation, services of television and radio stations licensed by Federal Communications Commission that use primarily earth-based transmitters to broadcast programming via radio waves to television or radio receivers that use indoor or outdoor antennas for reception. Excludes over-the-air broadcasting] from meaning of "communication," for purposes of central assessment for property taxation, services of television and radio stations licensed by Federal Communications Commission that use primarily earth-based transmitters to broadcast programming via radio waves to television or radio receivers that use indoor or outdoor antennas for reception. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to use of psychotropic medications for children in foster care.. Description: Directs Department of Human Services to report information regarding prescription of psychotropic medications to children in foster care. Directs Department of Human Services to report information regarding prescription of psychotropic medications to children in foster care.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to taxation of damaged property; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes tax collector in county covered by state of emergency declared by Governor due to fire or act of God, or authority of Governor under Emergency Conflagration Act, who knows or has reason to believe property has been destroyed or damaged by fire or act of God to prorate taxes imposed on property. Authorizes tax collector in county covered by state of emergency declared by Governor due to fire or act of God, or authority of Governor under Emergency Conflagration Act, who knows or has reason to believe property has been destroyed or damaged by fire or act of God to prorate taxes imposed on property. Combines provisions for proration of taxes for property destroyed and property damaged by fire or act of God. Provides new computation for proration of taxes for property other than specially assessed property. Applies to property tax years beginning on or after July 1, 2020. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to local government authority to suspend enterprise zone employment requirements; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes governing body of enterprise zone sponsor to adopt resolution suspending enterprise zone employment requirements otherwise imposed on authorized business firms for either or both of property tax years beginning on July 1, 2021, and July 1, 2022. Authorizes governing body of enterprise zone sponsor to adopt resolution suspending enterprise zone employment requirements otherwise imposed on authorized business firms for either or both of property tax years beginning on July 1, 2021, and July 1, 2022. Requires resolution to establish direct relationship between factors showing financial distress of business firm and COVID-19 pandemic. Provides resolution may not be adopted after later of June 30 immediately preceding applicable property tax year or 45 days following effective date of Act. Authorizes governing body of enterprise zone sponsor to allow exemption for property tax years beginning on July 1, 2021, and July 1, 2022, to qualified property of authorized business firm that otherwise does not meet certain requirements during declared public health emergency. Authorizes refunds without interest of all or any part of payments collected with respect to disqualification in certain circumstances, and based on property taxes that would otherwise have been due for property tax] assessment years beginning on July 1, 2021, or July 1, 2022] January 1, 2020, or January 1, 2021, with respect to qualified property subject to either grant of authority. Sunsets both grants of authority on date that is one year following end of declared public health emergency. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to labeling requirements for wipes; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires persons that have responsibility for or control over packaging and labeling premoistened nonwoven disposable wipes with specified characteristics to comply with certain labeling requirements for product packaging. Requires persons that have responsibility for or control over packaging and labeling disposable cleaning cloths or similar implements] premoistened nonwoven disposable wipes with specified characteristics to comply with certain labeling requirements for product packaging. Punishes failure to comply with or violation of Act as unlawful trade practice under Unlawful Trade Practices Act.] Permits city, county or special district that provides wastewater service to enforce compliance with Act by bringing action to recover civil penalty in specified amount. Requires city, county or special district to provide alleged violator with notice of violation. Becomes operative July 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to a rural service center for economic development; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Oregon Business Development Department to distribute moneys in Oregon Rural Capacity Fund to Oregon's Economic Development Districts for purpose of assisting rural jurisdictions to apply for and administer grants and other forms of funding available from any source. Requires Oregon Business Development Department to distribute moneys in Oregon Rural Capacity Fund to Oregon's Economic Development Districts for purpose of assisting rural jurisdictions to apply for and administer grants and other forms of funding available from any source. Requires rural jurisdictions to use funding solely to attain staffing and capacity necessary for workforce, infrastructure, economic and community development. Directs department to develop policy for assistance program and determine amount of moneys for distribution to districts. Requires districts to file quarterly reports with department about assistance given to rural jurisdictions. Requires department to submit annual reports about assistance program to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to economic development. Establishes Oregon Rural Capacity Fund and continuously appropriates net moneys in fund to department for distribution to districts. Appropriates moneys to department for purposes related to operation of program for assistance to rural jurisdictions. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care interpreters; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires health care providers to work with health care interpreters from health care interpreter registry operated by Oregon Health Authority to provide interpretation services. Requires health care providers to work with health care interpreters from health care interpreter registry operated by Oregon Health Authority to provide interpretation services. Requires health professional regulatory boards, Department of Human Services and authority to adopt rules to enforce requirement. Provides exceptions. Requires interpretation service companies to only employ or contract with health care interpreters listed on health care registry, subject to exceptions. Requires Oregon Council on Health Care Interpreters to develop and approve standards for testing, qualification and certification of certain health care interpreters. Requires authority to train and certify or qualify health care interpreters and maintain central registry of certified or qualified health care interpreters. Requires coordinated care organizations to work with health care interpreters listed on health care interpreter registry. Makes certain health care interpreters subject workers for purposes of workers' compensation benefits. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits nonprofit hospital from requiring patient to apply for medical assistance before screening for or providing financial assistance. Prohibits nonprofit hospital from requiring patient to apply for medical assistance before screening for or providing financial assistance. Adjusts series reference. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care providers.. Description: Requires approval from Department of Consumer and Business Services or Oregon Health Authority before any mergers, acquisitions, contracts or affiliations of health care entities and other entities if entities meet or exceed specified thresholds in average net patient revenue or in gross amount of premiums in preceding three fiscal years . Requires approval from Department of Consumer and Business Services or Oregon Health Authority before any mergers, acquisitions, contracts or affiliations of health care entities and other entities if entities had $25 million or more] meet or exceed specified thresholds in average net patient revenue or in gross amount of premiums in preceding three fiscal years or net patient revenue of $10 million or more]. Specifies exceptions and procedures. Requires Oregon Health Policy Board to establish criteria for approval by authority of mergers, acquisitions and affiliations based on specified factors. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to temporary sales licenses; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows certain holders of temporary event licenses to sell specified alcoholic beverages for on and off-premises consumption at more than one location on licensed premises or have up to three premises licensed under single temporary sales license and operate for up to 30 days. Allows certain holders of temporary event licenses to sell specified alcoholic beverages for on and off-premises consumption at more than one location on licensed premises or have up to three premises licensed under single temporary sales license and operate for up to 30 days. Applies to temporary sales licenses issued on or after January 1, 2021. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sales of residential dwelling facilities.. Description: Amends requirements and deadlines for sales of manufactured dwelling facilities. Before its sale to third party, requires owner of residential dwelling facility to give tenants 20 days to form tenants committee and to give any tenants committee right of first refusal. Makes other procedural amendments to conducting facility sales.] Amends requirements and deadlines for sales of manufactured dwelling facilities. Amends statutory damages owed for violations by sellers and requires plaintiffs to share damages with Manufactured Dwelling Parks Account.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to preferences in public contracting; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires state contracting agency that awards certain types of public contracts to report number of procurements state contracting agency solicited, general nature of each procurement and estimate of contract price, which contract preferences set forth in statute or administrative rule state contracting agency applied in evaluating bids or proposals for procurement and why state contracting agency applied or did not apply contract preferences. Directs Oregon Department of Administrative Services to study issues related to preferences in public contracting and report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on or before September 15, 2022.] Requires state contracting agency that awards certain types of public contracts to report number of procurements state contracting agency solicited, general nature of each procurement and estimate of contract price, which contract preferences set forth in statute or administrative rule state contracting agency applied in evaluating bids or proposals for procurement and why state contracting agency applied or did not apply contract preferences. Requires Oregon Department of Administrative Services to develop and make available training materials and procedures for applying contracting preferences. Directs department to submit report to interim committee of Legislative Assembly that summarizes information from state contracting agencies and includes recommendations to ensure that state contracting agencies apply contract preferences in accordance with intent of Legislative Assembly. Sunsets January 2, 2023. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to claims against insurance assets of dissolved business entities; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Permits claims against insurance assets of dissolved business entities notwithstanding certain time limitations that otherwise would bar claims. Permits claims against insurance assets of dissolved business entities notwithstanding certain time limitations that otherwise would bar claims. Specifies manner of service on dissolved business entity. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to competency-based education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Higher Education Coordinating Commission to establish competency-based education pilot program. Directs Higher Education Coordinating Commission to establish competency-based education pilot program. Sunsets pilot program on January 2, 2024. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicle liability insurance coverage.. Description: Requires transportation network company and taxi company to provide motor vehicle liability insurance policy with personal injury protection benefits to each driver who operates personal motor vehicle in affiliation with transportation network company or taxi in affiliation with taxi company. Removes option to elect, for uninsured motorist coverage, coverage limits that fall below coverage limits applicable to personal injury protection benefits.] Specifies order in which coverage under motor vehicle insurance policies, other than insured's primary policy, applies to compensate for bodily injury or death of insured.] Includes motor vehicle used as public or livery conveyance within definition of private passenger motor vehicle for purposes of requiring personal injury protection benefits under motor vehicle liability policy.] Requires transportation network company and taxi company to provide motor vehicle liability insurance policy with personal injury protection benefits to each driver who operates personal motor vehicle in affiliation with transportation network company or taxi in affiliation with taxi company. Specifies that personal injury protection benefits must, at all times during which driver operates personal motor vehicle in affiliation with transportation network company or taxi in affiliation with taxi company, cover driver of personal motor vehicle or taxi, any passengers that occupy personal motor vehicle or taxi and pedestrians that are struck by personal motor vehicle or taxi. Permits insurer to exclude from motor vehicle liability insurance policy for private passenger motor vehicle any coverage, including personal injury protection benefits, for loss or injury that occurs while driver is operating private passenger motor vehicle to provide transportation services for compensation in affiliation with transportation network company. Specifies exclusions for personal injury protection benefit coverage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the use of nonwood renewable fiber in recycled paper checkout bags; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies definition of "recycled paper checkout bag" to include bags that contain nonwood renewable fiber for purposes of single-use checkout bag prohibition. Modifies definition of "recycled paper checkout bag" to include bags that contain nonwood renewable fiber for purposes of single-use checkout bag prohibition. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to emergency medical services for residents in long term care settings.. Description: Establishes Senior Emergency Medical Services Innovation Program in Department of Human Services to fund and monitor certain local public sector pilot projects related to emergency medical services for seniors. Establishes Senior Emergency Medical Services Innovation Program in Department of Human Services to fund and monitor certain local public sector pilot projects related to emergency medical services for seniors. Sunsets January 2, 2027.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to atomic cleanup veterans.. Description: Renames portion of Interstate 5, beginning in Albany and ending in Salem, to Atomic Veterans and Atomic Cleanup Veterans Memorial Highway. Renames portion of Interstate 5, beginning in Albany and ending in Salem, to Atomic Veterans and Atomic Cleanup Veterans Memorial Highway.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pesticide application within planned communities.. Description: Prohibits homeowners associations from requiring application of pesticide on owner's property except as necessary for ecological or public health. Prohibits homeowners associations from requiring application of pesticide on owner's property except as necessary for ecological or public health. Requires association to notify owners, upon the owner's request, prior to pesticide application on owners' property.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to telecommunications; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires notifications and process for allowing interested telecommunications providers to coordinate with Department of Transportation to include installation of underground infrastructure for provision of broadband as part of certain projects included in Statewide Transportation Improvement Program. Requires notifications and process for allowing interested telecommunications providers to coordinate with Department of Transportation to include installation of underground infrastructure for provision of broadband as part of certain projects included in Statewide Transportation Improvement Program. Becomes operative January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to electronic access to building codes information; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Department of Consumer and Business Services to adopt rules to establish minimum standards and statewide consistency in electronic processes for reviewing plans, issuing permits and performing field inspections. Requires Department of Consumer and Business Services to conduct study to evaluate feasibility of and develop standards and specifications for system that allows for performing electronic field inspections and construction progress inspections and to verify compliance with building code requirements on site] adopt rules to establish minimum standards and statewide consistency in electronic processes for reviewing plans, issuing permits and performing field inspections. Requires municipalities that administer and enforce building inspection programs to use department's electronic system for access to building codes information or to use system that is equivalent to and compatible with] department's system. Requires municipalities that administer and enforce building inspection programs to meet minimum standards department adopts regardless of whether municipality uses equivalent system. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to crisis intervention resources; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Expands crisis stabilization services, including crisis stabilization centers meeting criteria adopted by Oregon Health Authority by rule, short-term respite facilities, peer respite centers, behavioral health urgent care walk-in centers and crisis hotline center. Requires Oregon Health Authority to provide grants to cities or funding to county community mental health programs to operate mobile crisis intervention teams and provide other behavioral health supports.] Directs authority to convene work group to study and evaluate methods for continuing to fund mobile crisis intervention teams and other behavioral health supports.] Expands crisis stabilization services, including crisis stabilization centers meeting criteria adopted by Oregon Health Authority by rule, short-term respite facilities, peer respite centers, behavioral health urgent care walk-in centers and crisis hotline center. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to authority to provide funding to county community mental health programs to establish and maintain mobile crisis intervention teams. Requires authority, no later than January 1, 2022, to report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to mental or behavioral health, recommendations on policies and legislative changes, if any, needed to implement National Suicide Hotline Designation Act of 2020 and establish statewide coordinated crisis services system. Specifies information that must be included in report. Limits liability of 9-8-8 coordinated crisis services system to conduct that is willful or wanton. Prohibits blocking delivery or forwarding to public safety answering point of 9-8-8 coordinated crisis services system information. Makes number identifications and subscriber information received by 9-8-8 coordinated crisis services system confidential and not subject to public disclosure unless specified criteria are met. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to protections for reporting unlawful practices regarding workplace safety.. Description: Extends timeline for filing complaint with Commissioner of Bureau of Labor and Industries alleging retaliation or discrimination for reporting unlawful practices or exercising certain rights relating to safety and health in workplace. Extends timeline for filing complaint with Commissioner of Bureau of Labor and Industries alleging retaliation or discrimination for reporting unlawful practices or exercising certain rights relating to safety and health in workplace.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to emergency preparedness; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Oregon Homeland Security Council to develop updated list of equipment for purposes of emergency preparedness equipment grant program. Directs Oregon Homeland Security Council to develop updated list of equipment for purposes of emergency preparedness equipment grant program. Directs council to prioritize preparedness equipment necessary for urban search and rescue teams. Directs Office of Emergency Management to prioritize grant requests from certain applicants for urban search and rescue purposes. Authorizes issuance of general obligation bonds under Article XI-Q of Oregon Constitution for grant program. Limits amount of bond proceeds that may be expended for urban search and rescue preparedness equipment.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to taxation; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies provisions allowing for income and corporate excise tax credits. Directs Legislative Revenue Officer to study state and local tax systems and report findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to revenue no later than September 15, 2022.] Modifies provisions allowing for income and corporate excise tax credits. Extends or establishes sunsets for certain tax expenditures. Increases limitations on tax credits allowed for all taxpayers, for certain tax credits. Creates subtraction from federal taxable income for amounts received as AmeriCorps national service educational awards, for personal income taxpayers. Applies to amounts received in tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2021, and before January 1, 2027. Exempts from state and local transient lodging taxes military lodging used for temporary overnight human occupancy by active or retired members or service veterans of Armed Forces of the United States or National Guard or by employees or agents of Oregon Military Department. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to revenue; prescribing an effective date; and providing for revenue raising that requires approval by a three-fifths majority.. Description: Removes sunset of increase in aircraft fuel taxes made by House Bill 2075 (chapter 700, Oregon Laws 2015). Removes sunset of increase in aircraft fuel taxes made by House Bill 2075 (chapter 700, Oregon Laws 2015). Restructures distributions of aircraft fuel tax revenues that provide funding for airports and aviation-related business under Aviation System Action Program. Allows Oregon Department of Aviation to enter into commercial arrangements for terms up to 50 years. Extends and sets biennial rates for privilege taxes on merchantable forest products harvested on forestlands.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to property taxation; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes county with population of less than 15,000 to adopt property tax exemption for newly constructed single-family dwellings built and occupied as primary residences by individuals with annual taxable income of not more than $75,000 if filing separately or not more than $150,000 if filing jointly. Directs Legislative Revenue Officer to study property tax reform and report findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to revenue no later than September 15, 2022.] Authorizes county with population of less than 15,000 to adopt property tax exemption for newly constructed single-family dwellings built and occupied as primary residences by individuals with annual taxable income of not more than $75,000 if filing separately or not more than $150,000 if filing jointly. Requires county to prescribe application forms for precertification process and exemption. Limits new exemptions to no more than five dwellings per county per property tax year. Allows county to determine length of exemption, between three and five years. Prohibits new exemptions for property tax years beginning on or after July 1, 2032. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the tax exemption of property used as low-income housing; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Extends sunset of property tax exemption for property of nonprofit corporation offered, occupied or used as low-income housing. Extends sunset of property tax exemption for property of nonprofit corporation offered, occupied or used as low-income housing. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to taxation; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Makes corrections to and updates tax statutes. Makes corrections to and updates tax statutes. Allows governing body of local government to elect definition of "low income" from expanded definition for purposes of certain rental property tax exemptions. Clarifies that property tax exemption for environmentally sensitive logging equipment applies to logging equipment actually used or held for use. Allows city to extend for 24 months deadline for completion of construction of single-unit housing eligible for property tax exemption. Extends sunset for homestead property tax deferral program.] Aligns provision for calculating interest paid by Department of Revenue if refund is owed with similar interest provisions. Applies to tax refunds owing as of January 1, 2018.] Allows tax credit for contribution to Oregon Production Investment Fund or for contribution made by April 15 of tax year to Opportunity Grant Fund for tax year immediately preceding current tax year, if return is not yet filed for preceding tax year. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2019] 2021, and before January 1, 2024. Advances sunset and deadline for contributions for tax credit for donation to fiduciary organization for distribution to individual development accounts.] Provides that infrastructure for which tax credit for short line railroad rehabilitation is allowed may be leased. Establishes $700,000 per-taxpayer limit on tax credit in single tax year. Modifies prioritization process if preliminary certifications exceed total amount available for credit. Changes biennial cap on amount available for credit to annual cap. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2020, and before January 1, 2026.] Requires biennial review of special use fuel license fees by Department of Transportation and Oregon Transportation Commission.] Allows Department of Revenue to disclose information about vehicle privilege tax to Department of Transportation. Authorizes municipal tax collection agency in city with population of 250,000 or more, for purpose of conducting certain criminal background checks, to require fingerprints and to enter into agreements with Department of State Police. Creates exemption against personal income or corporate excise tax for sale of manufactured dwelling park destroyed by natural disaster to nonprofit corporation or housing authority, for redevelopment of park. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to connection to federal tax law; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Updates connection date to federal Internal Revenue Code and other provisions of federal tax law. Updates connection date to federal Internal Revenue Code and other provisions of federal tax law. Expands types of expenses, in conformity with federal law, for which use of withdrawal from higher education savings network account is qualified withdrawal for purpose of tax-advantaged treatment. Conforms age limits, applicable to retirement and to commencing payment of benefits, to federal law, for purposes of Public Employees Retirement System. Applies to transactions or activities occurring on or after January 1, 2021, in tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2021. Ties to provisions of federal law as amended and in effect on April 1, 2021. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the correction of erroneous material in Oregon tax law; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Makes technical changes in Oregon statutes. Makes technical changes in Oregon statutes. Corrects cross-references to statute. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to video conferencing.. Description: Includes in definition of "conversation" communication occurring through video conferencing program for purposes of statutes regulating recording of communications. Includes in definition of "conversation" communication occurring through video conferencing program for purposes of statutes regulating recording of communications. Prohibits recording of communication occurring through video conferencing program if participants are not informed of recording. Punishes by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both. Specifies exceptions.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health.. Description: Requires state medical assistance program to provide mental health wellness appointments as prescribed by Oregon Health Authority. Requires state medical assistance program to provide for up to six behavioral health checkups every year] mental health wellness appointments as prescribed by Oregon Health Authority.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Oregon Institute of Technology.. Description: Designates Oregon Institute of Technology as Oregon's Polytechnic University. Designates Oregon Institute of Technology as Oregon's Polytechnic University.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to family leave.. Description: Expands eligibility for protected leave under Oregon Family Leave Act to all employees of covered employer during public health emergency unless employee was employed for fewer than 30 days prior to commencing leave or worked average of less than 25 hours per week in 30 days prior to commencing leave. Expands applicability of certain provisions relating to family leave to employers who employ one or more employees.] Expands eligibility for protected leave under Oregon Family Leave Act to all employees of covered employer during public health emergency unless employee was employed for fewer than 30 days prior to commencing leave or worked average of less than 25 hours per week in 30 days prior to commencing leave. Establishes eligibility to take leave for employees who separate from employment, are eligible at time of separation and are reemployed within 180 days of separation, or for employees who are eligible at beginning of temporary cessation of scheduled hours of 180 days or less and who return to work at end of cessation period. Allows for restoration of time worked by employee when employee returns to work after separation or temporary cessation period. Includes closure of child care provider or school due to public health emergency as qualifying purpose for which leave may be taken. Allows employers to request verification for need for leave due to such closure. Reduces amount of time employee must work for employer before becoming eligible to take leave. Eliminates disciplinary action that may be imposed upon employee for employee's failure to comply with leave notice requirements. Allows employee to determine order in which employee may choose to use accrued leave.] Removes gendered language from provisions related to pregnancy.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public utilities.. Description: Authorizes Public Utility Commission to consider differential energy burden and other inequities of affordability in rates. Authorizes Public Utility Commission to consider differential energy burden and other inequities of affordability in rates. Authorizes public utilities to enter into agreements to provide financial assistance for organizations to represent in regulatory proceedings before commission interests of low-income residential customers and residential customers that are members of environmental justice communities. Provides that total aggregate financial assistance available to all such organizations may not exceed $500,000 annually. Requires commission to establish process for evaluating and approving agreements. Requires commission to report by September 15, 2025, to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to energy on implementation and impacts of new authorization to provide such financial assistance. Authorizes certain measures to address mitigation of energy burdens. Requires costs of measures to be collected in rates of electric company through charges paid by all retail electricity consumers.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to law enforcement equipment; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Prohibits law enforcement agencies from receiving certain military surplus equipment from federal government. Prohibits law enforcement agencies from receiving certain military surplus equipment from federal government. Specifies requirements when military surplus equipment is purchased, or] requested or received by law enforcement agency. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to vehicles.. Description: Provides that registered owner may request that registration card issued for vehicle include that owner, or person operating vehicle, may be deaf or hard of hearing. Provides that registered owner may request that registration card issued for vehicle include that owner, or person operating vehicle, may be deaf or hard of hearing. Prohibits Department of Transportation from adding restriction on driver license or driver permit if reason for restriction is because person is deaf or hard of hearing.] Provides that person may include on driver license or identification card fact that person is deaf or hard of hearing.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to park model recreational vehicles; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows Department of Transportation to title park model recreational vehicles based on original manufacturing. Allows Department of Transportation to title park model recreational vehicles based on original manufacturing. Becomes operative September 1, 2021. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Governor's Child Foster Care Advisory Commission.. Description: Directs Governor's Child Foster Care Advisory Commission to establish Child Welfare Equity Advisory Committee to advise commission and Department of Human Services regarding equitable provision of child welfare services. Directs Governor's Child Foster Care Advisory Commission to establish Child Welfare Equity Advisory Committee to advise commission and Department of Human Services regarding equitable provision of child welfare services. Requires commission to report recommendations of committee and steps taken by commission and department to implement committee's recommendations to interim committees of Legislative Assembly on or before September 1 of each even-numbered year. Directs Department of Human Services to provide staff support, including full-time equivalent policy analyst, for Governor's Child Foster Care Advisory Commission. Increases number of members on commission from 11 to 13. Modifies commission membership requirements. Directs Chief Justice of Supreme Court to appoint any member of commission who is representative of Judicial Department. Appropriates moneys to commission for purposes of Act.].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Residential Service Protection Fund.. Description: Decouples Oregon Telephone Assistance Program from funding offered by Federal Communications Commission. Decouples Oregon Telephone Assistance Program from funding offered by Federal Communications Commission. Modifies sunset provisions applicable to Oregon Telephone Assistance Program.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to telemedicine; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prescribes requirements for reimbursement by Oregon Health Authority and coordinated care organizations of health services delivered using telemedicine. Requires Oregon Health Authority to ensure] Prescribes requirements for reimbursement by Oregon Health Authority and coordinated care organizations of health services delivered using telemedicine. Modifies requirements for health benefit plan coverage of telemedicine. Requires Department of Consumer and Business Services to report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly, no later than March 1, 2023, on impact of required reimbursement of telemedicine health services by health benefit plans on cost of health insurance premiums in Oregon. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to peace officers.. Description: Requires police officers to be trained in airway and circulatory anatomy and physiology and certified in cardiopulmonary resuscitation. Requires police officers to be trained in airway and circulatory anatomy and physiology and certified in cardiopulmonary resuscitation. Requires peace officer to request emergency medical services within 60 seconds] immediately after encountering restrained person suffering respiratory or cardiac compromise in certain circumstances.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to managing the utilization of health care.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to compile and annually post to website report on information reported to authority by coordinated care organizations regarding requests for prior authorization. Requires coordinated care organizations to report specified information to] Oregon Health Authority to compile and annually post to website report on information reported to authority by coordinated care organizations regarding requests for prior authorization. Requires insurers offering health benefit plans to report specified information to Department of Consumer and Business Services regarding requests for prior authorization. Creates new requirements and modifies existing requirements applicable to utilization review by insurers offering health benefit plans and health benefit plans offered by Public Employees' Benefit Board and Oregon Educators Benefit Board. Creates new requirements applicable to step therapy requirements imposed by entities providing health insurance, medical services contracts or health care service contracts, multiple employer welfare arrangements and pharmacy benefit managers.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to brownfields; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes program to make forgivable loans to reimburse private owner or operator of brownfield for eligible costs incurred in completion of removal or remedial action at brownfield. Establishes program to make forgivable loans to reimburse private owner or operator of brownfield for eligible costs incurred in completion of removal or remedial action at brownfield. Requires Oregon Business Development Department to consider means to encourage participation in reimbursable removal and remedial actions by minority-owned and woman-owned businesses and emerging small businesses. Requires department to submit report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to economic development setting forth recipients of forgivable loans and third parties with which recipients contracted to complete removal and remedial actions with respect to which forgivable loans were made. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to intrastate delivery of marijuana items; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows delivery of marijuana items, pursuant to bona fide orders, to consumers within city or county in which marijuana retailer is located and to consumers in cities or counties that have adopted ordinances allowing for delivery of marijuana items from adjacent cities or counties. Allows delivery of marijuana items, pursuant to bona fide orders, to consumers within city or county in which marijuana retailer is located and to consumers in cities or counties that have adopted ordinances allowing for delivery of marijuana items from adjacent cities or counties. Allows governing body of city or county to adopt ordinance allowing for delivery of marijuana items from adjacent city or county. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transient lodging taxation; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires transient lodging tax collector to provide invoice, receipt or other similar document that clearly sets forth sum of all transient lodging taxes charged for occupancy of transient lodging. Requires transient lodging tax collector to provide invoice, receipt or other similar document that clearly sets forth sum of all transient lodging taxes charged for occupancy of transient lodging. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to reinstating driving privileges; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Department of Transportation to waive driving privilege reinstatement fee if driving privileges were suspended for certain traffic offenses. Directs Department of Transportation to waive driving privilege reinstatement fee if driving privileges were suspended for failing to pay fine] certain traffic offenses. Sunsets January 2, 2023. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Indigenous Peoples' Day; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Designates second Monday of October of each year as Indigenous Peoples' Day. Designates second Monday of October of each year as Indigenous Peoples' Day. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to regulation of private security entities; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to establish by rule standards and procedures for licensing of private security entities. Requires Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to establish by rule standards and procedures for licensing of private security entities. Defines "private security entity." Requires that rules adopted by department require private security entity to provide private security providers with professional training. Increases limitations on biennial expenditures by department to implement provisions of Act. Conditions licensure upon applicant's successful passing of qualification examination and upon applicant's character, competence and reliability. Establishes requirements for licensed private security entities and for private security entities employing armed private security professionals. Prohibits private security entity from discharging or discriminating against private security provider employed or contracted by entity for making claim or participating in proceeding against entity. Creates personal, joint and several liability for unpaid wages for person who retains unlicensed private security entity. Creates personal liability for all penalty wages for wages due. Permits department to bring action to enjoin person from using or acting as private security entity and to seek damages. Prohibits entity from providing private security services without license, person from providing services as private security entity without first providing license information and person from retaining private security entity without first verifying entity's license. Makes act of providing private security services as private security entity without license Class A violation. Makes act of retaining services of private security entity without first verifying entity's license information Class A violation. Permits Board on Public Safety Standards and Training to impose license sanctions against private security entity that has multiple violations. Becomes operative January 1, 2024. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to dental therapy; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Oregon Board of Dentistry to issue dental therapist license to qualified applicant. Directs Oregon Board of Dentistry to issue dental therapist license to qualified applicant. Prohibits unlicensed use of title "dental therapist" and practice of dental therapy. Provides exceptions to prohibition. Requires dental therapist to purchase and maintain liability insurance. Requires dental therapist to dedicate majority of practice to specified patient populations. Directs board to consult with dental therapists and dental therapist organizations in rulemaking. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to use of photo radar on urban high crash corridors.. Description: Repeals sunset on authorization to operate fixed photo radar on urban high crash corridors in City of Portland. Repeals sunset on authorization to operate fixed photo radar on urban high crash corridors in City of Portland. Authorizes cities with population of 50,000 or more to operate fixed photo radar on urban high crash corridors.].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pollinator health.. Description: Adds State Forestry Department, Department of Transportation and State Department of Fish and Wildlife as consulting agencies for state pollinator health outreach and education plan. Adds State Forestry Department, Department of Transportation and State Department of Fish and Wildlife as consulting agencies for state pollinator health outreach and education plan. Requires Oregon State University and specified agencies to meet annually and confer regarding pollinator health outreach and education plan.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to removal of discriminatory restrictions in governing documents; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires homeowners associations and condominium associations to review governing documents and remove discriminatory language or certify the nonexistence of such language on or before December 31, 2022. Requires homeowners associations and condominium associations to review governing documents and remove discriminatory language or certify the nonexistence of such language on or before December 31, 2023] 2022. Provides a cause of action for enforcement. Sunsets January 2, 2026.] Makes certain discriminatory language in governing documents void and unenforceable. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school meals provided at no charge to students; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires school or school district to offer lunches and breakfasts at no charge to student if school or school district meets requirements of special provisions of federal meal program or if student is from household with income that does not exceed 300 percent of federal poverty guidelines. Requires school or school district to offer lunches and breakfasts at no charge to student if school or school district meets requirements of special provisions of federal meal program or if student is from household with income that does not exceed 300 percent of federal poverty guidelines. Clarifies reimbursement rate to schools and school districts that offer breakfast or lunch at no charge to student. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to career and technical education structural support.. Description: Allows school districts to use moneys distributed from Student Investment Account for payment of student fees, costs and instructors of career and technical student organization programs. Allows school districts to use moneys distributed from Student Investment Account for payment of student fees, costs and instructors of career and technical student organization programs. Establishes policy goal that students in career and technical education program have counselor or mentor assigned to student to assist student in navigating through program.].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to jurors.. Description: Provides that juror may not be identified by name in court proceeding open to public. Provides that juror may not be identified by name in court proceeding open to public. Directs court to ensure that parties have access to names of jurors unless court determines that there is good cause to order otherwise.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to disclosure of mandatory fees at public institutions of higher education.. Description: Requires each public university and community college to prominently display mandatory fees charged. Requires each public university and community college to prominently display mandatory fees charged. Requires each public university and community college to provide annual report to Higher Education Coordinating Commission detailing compliance with requirement.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to homeless youth; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes Department of Human Services to award two-year grants to organizations that provide services to unaccompanied homeless youth and to organizations that operate host home projects for unaccompanied homeless youth. Authorizes Department of Human Services to award two-year grants to organizations that provide services to unaccompanied homeless youth and to organizations that operate host home projects for unaccompanied homeless youth. Sunsets grant programs on July 1, 2023. Requires department to submit reports on host home project grant program to interim committees of Legislative Assembly relating to housing, homeless youth services and high school education. Appropriates moneys to department for statewide assessment and grants.] Increases certain General Fund appropriations to Department of Human Services for purposes of carrying out Act. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public access site reports; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires agencies to send copies of reports on public access sites to State Marine Board and for board to make reports public, including by hosting map of reported sites on website. Requires agencies to send copies of reports on public access sites to State Marine Board and for board to make reports public, including by hosting map of reported sites on website. Becomes operative January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the duties of the seller's agent in real estate transactions.. Description: Directs seller's agent to reject communication from buyer to seller as necessary to help seller avoid selecting buyer based on buyer's race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status or familial status, in violation of federal fair housing laws. Directs seller's agent to redact or withhold] reject communication from buyer to seller as necessary to help seller avoid selecting buyer based on buyer's race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status or familial status, in violation of federal fair housing laws.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to expanding remote participation of public in self-government through use of technology.. Description: Requires governing body of public body, to extent reasonably possible, to make all meetings accessible remotely through technological means and provide opportunity for members of general public to remotely submit oral and written testimony . Requires governing body of public body, to extent reasonably possible, to make all meetings accessible remotely through technological means and provide opportunity for members of general public to remotely submit oral and written testimony during meetings to extent in-person oral and written testimony is allowed]. Imposes same requirements on hearings under ORS chapters 197 and 215.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Willamette Falls Locks Authority; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Willamette Falls Locks Authority as public corporation. Establishes Willamette Falls Locks Authority as public corporation. Prescribes duties of authority. Modifies duties of Willamette Falls Locks Commission. Sunsets commission on June 30, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to liability for prescribed fires; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Department of Consumer and Business Services, in consultation with State Forestry Department, Oregon Forest and Industries Council, Oregon Small Woodlands Association, Oregon State University, Oregon Prescribed Fire Council and representative of insurance industry, to study liability for prescribed fires. Directs Department of Consumer and Business Services, in consultation with State Forestry Department, Oregon Forest and Industries Council, Oregon Small Woodlands Association, Oregon State University, and] Oregon Prescribed Fire Council and representative of insurance industry, to study liability for prescribed fires. Requires Department of Consumer and Business Services to report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on results of study no later than July 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to disposition of dead bodies.. Description: Clarifies permissibility of disposition of human bodies by alternative authorized processes including alkaline hydrolysis and natural organic reduction. Clarifies permissibility of disposition of human bodies by alternative authorized processes including alkaline hydrolysis and natural organic reduction. Clarifies authority of State Mortuary and Cemetery Board to license and regulate alternative disposition facilities. Defines "alternative disposition facility." Extends immunity from liability for reducing remains pursuant to written agreement to alternative disposition facilities. Extends requirement for further instructions as to final disposition of cremated remains to remains reduced by alternative disposition facilities. Extends exemption from execution, appropriation for public purpose and taxation to lands held for purposes of alternative disposition facility. Extends privilege by nonprofit corporations organized for cemetery or crematory purposes to nonprofit corporations with reduction purposes. Permits nonprofit corporations with reduction purposes to provide moneys to irreducible fund with interest and income devoted exclusively to preservation and improvement of grounds, buildings and property. Extends ability of nonprofit corporations organized for cemetery or crematory purposes to sell land unsuitable for corporation's purpose to nonprofit corporations with reduction purposes. Extends interment and cremation recordkeeping requirements to reduction. Extends type of funeral expenses recoverable as victim compensation for compensable crimes to expenses related to reduction. Extends incorporated city's right to acquire, own, maintain and operate cemeteries and crematoria to acquiring, owning, maintaining and operating other authorized facilities for disposition of human remains. Becomes operative July 1, 2022.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to interactions with persons who have experienced trauma; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Department of Justice to establish program for awarding grants to law enforcement agencies and local governments for training of groups and agencies that interact with persons who have experienced trauma. Directs Department of Justice to establish program for awarding grants to law enforcement agencies and local governments for training of groups and agencies that interact with persons who have experienced trauma. Sunsets program January 1, 2024. Directs department to develop model training program that takes into account effects of trauma and that has objective of minimizing further trauma. Directs Department of Public Safety Standards and Training, in consultation with Department of Justice, to develop best practices for law enforcement agencies when interacting with persons who have experienced trauma that take into account effects of trauma and that have objective of minimizing further trauma. Requires law enforcement agencies to adopt appropriate best practice policies by date specified by Department of Public Safety Standards and Training. Directs Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to regularly review and update training consistent with Department of Justice model training program for police officers in training academy. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Justice for purpose of awarding training grants] implementing grant program and developing model training program and best practices. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to maximum occupancy of residential dwelling units.. Description: Prohibits establishment or enforcement of occupancy limits based on familial relationships on residential dwelling units by public bodies. Prohibits establishment or enforcement of occupancy limits based on familial relationships on residential dwelling units by public bodies.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to receiving credit for competencies demonstrated prior to enrolling in post-secondary institution of education.. Description: Requires public institutions of higher education to have same developmental educational requirements and placement tests for incoming student who completes high school and institution determines is college ready and incoming student who received certificate for passing approved high school equivalency test and received grade indicating student is college ready . Requires public institutions of higher education to bypass] have same developmental educational requirements and placement tests for each] incoming student who completes high school and institution determines is college ready and incoming student who received certificate for passing receives grade on] approved high school equivalency test and received grade indicating student is college ready indicating student is fully qualified to bypass requirements and tests]. Requires public institutions of higher education to bypass requirements and tests for score of 165 or higher received] consider student college ready in subject area in which student received score designated "GED College Ready" on General Educational Development (GED) test. unless institution notifies Higher Education Coordinating Commission that institution considers score of higher than 165 in identified subject areas to be necessary to bypass requirements and tests.] Requires commission to convene committee upon notification by institution to make final determination, based on justification provided by institution, on whether institution may require score of higher than 165 on General Educational Development (GED) test for student to bypass requirements and tests. Requires committee to submit report to committees of Legislative Assembly relating to higher education if committee agrees with institution's justification.].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to underrepresented students at public post-secondary institutions of education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Task Force on Student Success for Underrepresented Students in Higher Education. Establishes Task Force on Student Success for Underrepresented Students in Higher Education. Directs task force to develop student success policy and funding proposals focusing on increasing likelihood of student success in higher education for students from populations that are underrepresented in higher education enrollment. Sunsets task force on December 31, 2023. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school-based health center grants; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to provide planning grants to 10 school districts or education service districts to evaluate need and develop plans for school-based health services. Allows mobile school-based health centers to qualify for safety net grants from Oregon Health Authority.] Requires Oregon Health Authority to provide planning grants to 10 school districts or education service districts to evaluate need and develop plans for school-based health services. Requires authority to provide funding to operate school-based health center or school nurse model at conclusion of two-year planning process. Requires authority to develop requirements for up to three school districts or education service districts to receive grants for planning for and operation of mobile school-linked health centers. Requires authority to award grants to three school-based health centers to operate pilot projects to expand student access to mental and physical health care services through use of telehealth. Specifies requirements. Extends sunset on current program for school planning grants and technical assistance from January 2, 2026, to January 2, 2028. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to funding for search and rescue; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Permits Office of Emergency Management to enter into agreement with nonprofit organization representing sheriffs under which organization is authorized to administer program to produce and sell outdoor recreation search and rescue cards. Permits Office of Emergency Management to enter into agreement with nonprofit organization representing sheriffs under which organization is authorized to administer program to produce and sell outdoor recreation search and rescue cards. Establishes requirements for agreement. Provides that organization may use revenues from program only to reimburse administrative costs and expenses, to reimburse county sheriffs' offices for certain costs relating to search and rescue and to issue grants for search and rescue purposes. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to undersea cables; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires owners or operators of undersea cables to obtain financial assurances for installation and removal of cable and create plan for removal of cable. Requires owners or operators of undersea cables to obtain financial assurances for installation and removal of cable and create plan for removal of cable. Directs Department of Land Conservation and Development to review part of Territorial Sea Plan that addresses placement of cables, pipelines and other utilities in territorial sea and provide results to Ocean Policy Advisory Council. Directs Ocean Policy Advisory Council to propose] develop recommendations for amendments to Territorial Sea Plan regarding placement of undersea cables within territorial sea. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to tsunami risk.. Description: Imposes tsunami design standards for certain buildings and other structures. Imposes tsunami design standards for certain buildings and other structures. Allows local government to impose vertical evacuation standards for new or existing buildings and other structures as part of local tsunami evacuation plan.] Requires that sites for new structures be evaluated for vulnerability to seismic geologic hazards if structures are major structures or are designated as having specified tsunami risk for design. Requires developer of building designated as having specified tsunami risk for design to request determination, scientific evidence and recommendations from State Department of Geology and Mineral Industries. Requires department to report annually regarding requests, determinations and suggestions.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to construction taxes; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Exempts from construction taxes residential housing being constructed to replace residential housing destroyed or damaged by fire or other emergency event or situation. Exempts from construction taxes residential housing being constructed to replace residential housing destroyed or damaged by fire or other emergency event or situation. Applies to residential housing destroyed or damaged on or after January 1, 2020. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the application of state structural specialty codes to agricultural buildings.. Description: Permits agricultural building to be used for uses other than uses set forth in definition of "agricultural building" if additional uses are incidental and accessory to defined uses, are personal to farm owner and farm owner's immediate family or household and do not pose greater hazard to persons or property than defined uses. Prevents application of state structural specialty code to agricultural building used primarily for specified activities.] Permits agricultural building to be used for uses other than uses set forth in definition of "agricultural building" if additional uses are incidental and accessory to defined uses, are personal to farm owner and farm owner's immediate family or household and do not pose greater hazard to persons or property than defined uses.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to genetic counselors; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes Health Licensing Office to issue license to practice genetic counseling to qualified applicant. Authorizes Health Licensing Office to issue license to practice genetic counseling to qualified applicant. Defines "genetic counseling." Prohibits unlicensed use of "licensed genetic counselor" title and practice of genetic counseling. Provides exemptions to prohibition. Allows office to impose discipline for certain violations. Requires licensed genetic counselor to refer patient as necessary to appropriate licensed health care practitioner for diagnosis and treatment. Requires licensed genetic counselor to practice genetic counseling in culturally and linguistically appropriate manner. Directs office to provide administrative and regulatory oversight to genetic counseling program. Imposes civil penalty for violation of licensure requirements. Becomes operative January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to surgical smoke.. Description: Requires hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers to adopt policies that require use of smoke evacuation system during surgical procedures likely to generate surgical smoke. Requires hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers to adopt policies that require use of smoke evacuation system during surgical procedures likely to generate surgical smoke.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to interim therapeutic restorations; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows expanded practice dental hygienist to perform interim therapeutic restoration. Allows expanded practice dental hygienist to perform interim therapeutic restoration. Requires agreement between dentist and expanded practice dental hygienist to include expanded practice dental hygienist's scope of practice regarding interim therapeutic restorations. Defines "interim therapeutic restoration." Directs Oregon Board of Dentistry to adopt rules to establish educational and instructional requirements for interim therapeutic restoration and to approve applications from education providers for training courses that meet requirements. Requires certain expanded practice dental hygienists to complete approved training course. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to procedures for hostile educational environments; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prescribes notification requirements for school district upon receipt of report of act of harassment, intimidation, bullying or cyberbullying. Prescribes notification requirements for school district upon receipt of report of act of harassment, intimidation, bullying or cyberbullying. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the homestead property tax deferral program; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows surviving spouse or disabled heir of individual whose homestead was granted deferral under homestead property tax deferral program to continue deferral without having owned or occupied homestead for five years. Allows surviving spouse or disabled heir of individual whose homestead was granted deferral under homestead property tax deferral program to continue deferral without having owned or occupied homestead for five years. Creates, for purposes of eligibility of property for homestead property tax deferral program, minimum cap of $250,000 for maximum allowable real market value of homestead. Directs Department of Revenue to adjust minimum cap for maximum allowable real market value annually according to change in Consumer Price Index. Allows claim for deferral to be filed late, with payment of fee. Modifies procedure for allowing claims for deferral in excess of maximum allowable number of claims for property tax year. Adjusts payment of interest on delinquent deferred taxes between county and department. Extends sunset for deferral program. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pseudoephedrine; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows pharmacist or pharmacy technician to transfer drug containing pseudoephedrine without prescription to person who is at least 18 years of age and presents person's valid government-issued photo identification. Allows pharmacist or pharmacy technician to transfer drug containing pseudoephedrine without prescription to person who is at least 18 years of age and presents person's valid government-issued photo identification. Requires pharmacist or pharmacy technician, prior to transfer, to submit specified information into electronic system designed to prevent illegal transfer of drugs containing pseudoephedrine. Requires pharmacist or pharmacy technician to record specified information about transfer of drug containing pseudoephedrine. Specifies maximum amount of pseudoephedrine that person may receive without prescription. Establishes storage requirements for drug containing pseudoephedrine. Clarifies that measure does not apply to drugs transferred pursuant to prescription. Punishes violation by 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both. Becomes operative January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to police dogs; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes emergency medical services providers to provide emergency transportation for treatment to police dogs injured in line of duty, provided that such transportation does not interfere with emergency transportation of humans. Authorizes emergency medical services providers to transport or treat] provide emergency transportation for treatment to police dogs injured in line of duty, provided that such transportation or treatment] does not interfere with emergency transportation or treatment] of humans. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to use of easements for provision of broadband.. Description: Authorizes electric cooperative to use or allow for use of electric easement in provision of broadband services, subject to certain conditions and exceptions. Authorizes electric utility] cooperative to use or allow for use of electric easement in provision of broadband services, subject to certain conditions and exceptions. Provides process for property owner to bring action for damages if use in provision of broadband services results in expanded use of easement.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to protective order information cards.. Description: Directs Department of Justice to develop and implement Hope Card Program for issuance of information cards to persons who are protected by eligible restraining orders. Directs Department of Justice to develop and implement Hope Card Program for issuance of information cards to persons who are protected by eligible restraining orders. Modifies certain appropriation made from General Fund to department.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to inactive voters; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Prohibits moving voter to inactive status due to voter not voting or updating voter registration for any period of time. Requires each county clerk to file annual report with Secretary of State identifying each voter who clerk moved to inactive status during previous calendar year and specifying reason for moving voter to inactive status.] Prohibits moving voter to inactive status due to voter not voting or updating voter registration for any period of time. Reactivates any voter whose registration is currently inactive due to voter not voting or updating voter registration. Requires county clerk, if voter moved to inactive status due to name change or signature on return identification envelope not matching signature in voter registration record, to mail voter notification of reason for inactive status and information on how voter can reactivate voter registration between 60 and 70 days before date of both next] each primary election and next] general election. Requires county clerk to mail all currently inactive voters for whom county clerk has valid address voter notification of inactive status between 60 and 70 days before date of both 2022 primary election and 2022 general election.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to safety standards for construction vehicles; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires person that rents utility vehicle to contracting agency to provide records that describe in detail results of most recent inspection that person performed or had performed on utility vehicle's traction, structure, power train, control components and related parts and equipment in compliance with specified rules, regulations or standards. Directs Construction Contractors Board to adopt rules that require persons that lease construction vehicles in this state to maintain construction vehicles in condition that allows for safe and reliable operation of construction vehicles, to keep certain logs, records and documents and to provide or offer to provide training in safe and reliable operation of construction vehicles.] Requires board to inspect, at least once every two years, persons that lease construction vehicles in this state and assess level of compliance with board's rules. Permits board to charge costs of inspection to person that is subjected to inspection.] Requires contracting agency, as part of contracting agency's determination of whether bidder for public improvement contract is responsible, to check board's assessment of person that supplies construction vehicles for public improvement contract and require bidder to obtain construction vehicles only from person that achieves passing grade from board.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.] Requires person that rents utility vehicle to contracting agency to provide records that describe in detail results of most recent inspection that person performed or had performed on utility vehicle's traction, structure, power train, control components and related parts and equipment in compliance with specified rules, regulations or standards. Provides that person must also provide instructions about how to comply with recommendations from utility vehicle's manufacturer for operating and maintaining utility vehicle, records of all incidents in which use of utility vehicle resulted in injuries or deaths because of equipment failure and affidavit in which person attests to compliance with applicable safety standards and to performing or having performed regular inspections of utility vehicle. Permits contracting agency to delay paying consideration due under agreement to rent utility vehicle until person replaces or repairs utility vehicle that does not meet applicable standards and to seek offset of or reimbursement for labor costs that contracting agency incurs as result of delays to work from utility vehicle that does not meet applicable standards. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school inclusivity.. Description: Requires education provider to prohibit display of any symbols of hate on school property or in education program. Requires education provider to prohibit use or] display of any symbols of hate on school property or in education program. Prescribes requirements that education provider must have in policy related to bias incidents and displays of symbols of hate.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to memorial highways; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies criteria for erecting roadside memorial signs for deceased veterans formerly prisoners of war or unaccounted for. Modifies criteria for erecting roadside memorial signs for deceased veterans formerly prisoners of war or unaccounted for. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to real estate continuing education courses; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires that real estate continuing education courses include information on state and federal fair housing laws. Requires that real estate continuing education courses include information on state and federal fair housing laws. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to court appointed special advocates; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies CASA Volunteer Programs to direct Oregon Department of Administrative Services to contract with nongovernmental entity to serve as statewide coordinating entity for provision of court appointed special advocate services. Modifies CASA Volunteer Programs to direct Oregon Department of Administrative Services to contract with nongovernmental entity to serve as statewide coordinating entity for provision of court appointed special advocate services. Appropriates moneys to Court Appointed Special Advocate Fund for CASA Volunteer Program and for distribution to Oregon CASA Network for court appointed special advocate training programs.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to utility ratepayer assistance.. Description: Increases temporarily, by $10 million annually, funds collected by electric companies for low-income electric bill payment and crisis assistance. Increases temporarily, by $10 million annually, funds collected by electric companies for low-income electric bill payment and crisis assistance. Sunsets temporary increase January 2, 2024. Reorganizes and makes technical changes to statutes related to funds collected by electric companies for low-income electric bill payment and crisis assistance.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to retail sales agents; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes compensation schedule for Oregon Liquor Control Commission retail sales agents. Establishes compensation schedule for Oregon Liquor Control Commission retail sales agents. Applies to compensation paid on or after July 1, 2021. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sale of malt beverages; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows holder of off-premises sales license to sell factory-sealed containers of malt beverages that hold more than seven gallons. Allows holder of off-premises sales license to sell factory-sealed containers of malt beverages that hold more than seven gallons. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to boats.. Description: Directs State Marine Board to provide optional licensing of boats as charter boats if boat carries fewer than seven passengers for hire. Directs State Marine Board to provide optional licensing of boats as charter boats if boat carries fewer than seven passengers for hire.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to meat inspection; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs State Department of Agriculture to establish grant program to fund upgrades to establishments expected to operate under program of state meat inspection, construction of new establishments expected to operate under program of state meat inspection and expansion of certain establishments that operate under program of federal inspection. Directs State Department of Agriculture to establish grant program to fund upgrades to establishments expected to operate under program of state meat inspection, construction of new establishments expected to operate under program of state meat inspection and expansion of certain establishments that operate under program of federal inspection. Appropriates moneys to department out of General Fund for purpose of funding grant program. Appropriates moneys to Higher Education Coordinating Commission, for distribution to Oregon State University, out of General Fund to fund certain upgrades to facilities and equipment at Clark Meat Science Center. Sunsets grant program on January 2, 2027] June 30, 2023. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to temporary siting of recreational vehicles on properties with dwellings destroyed by natural disasters.. Description: Allows temporary siting for up to 24 months of recreational vehicles on properties with dwellings that natural disasters have made uninhabitable. Allows temporary siting for up to 24 months of recreational vehicles on properties with dwellings that natural disasters have made uninhabitable.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to students in a program to earn a General Educational Development certificate; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows student enrolled in program provided by school district or education service district to earn General Educational Development (GED) certificate to participate in interscholastic activities. Allows student enrolled in program provided by school district or education service district to earn General Educational Development (GED) certificate to participate in interscholastic activities. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to employment; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows payment from Wage Security Fund to be made to wage claimant for wages earned and unpaid in event that Commissioner of Bureau of Labor and Industries has obtained judgment in action or has issued final order in administrative proceeding for collection of wage claim. Allows payment from Wage Security Fund to be made to wage claimant for wages earned and unpaid in event that Commissioner of Bureau of Labor and Industries has obtained judgment in action or has issued final order in administrative proceeding for collection of wage claim. Modifies definition of "compensation," for purposes of pay equity requirements, to exclude vaccine incentives, hiring bonuses and retention bonuses. Provides that changes to definition apply only to complaints filed with Commissioner of Bureau of Labor and Industries and claims filed in circuit court on or after specific dates. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Hunger Task Force.. Description: Modifies membership of Hunger Task Force. Modifies membership of Hunger Task Force.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to benefits programs for students at institutions of higher education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires each community college and public university to hire benefits navigator to assist students in determining eligibility and applying for federal, state and local benefits programs. Requires each community college and public university to hire benefits navigator to assist students in determining eligibility and applying for federal, state and local benefits programs. Requires community colleges and public universities to establish statewide consortium to enable benefits navigator to coordinate with benefits navigators at other institutions and to develop best practices. Requires community colleges and public universities to develop internal process to enable students to provide feedback and recommendations on how institution can better assist students in determining eligibility for benefits programs and applying for assistance under benefits programs. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to reserves in Washington County.. Description: Removes designation of rural reserves from private road commonly known as Lasich Lane in Washington County. Removes designation of rural reserves from private road commonly known as Lasich Lane in Washington County.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to healthy homes; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes Healthy Homes Program within the Oregon Health Authority to provide grants to entities to provide financial assistance to low income households and landlords. Establishes Healthy Homes Program within the Oregon Health Authority to provide grants to entities to provide financial assistance to low income households and landlords. Establishes Healthy Homes Repair Fund. Establishes Interagency Task Force on Healthy Homes. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public employee retirement; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides that certain employee of State Fire Marshal qualifies as firefighter for purposes of Public Employees Retirement System. Directs Public Employees Retirement Board to study public employee retirement and report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly no later than September 15, 2022.] Provides that certain employee of State Fire Marshal qualifies as firefighter for purposes of Public Employees Retirement System. Modifies dates on which Public Employees Retirement Board must initiate, resume or reduce payment of certain increased benefits under Public Employees Retirement System because benefit payments are or are not subject to Oregon personal income tax. Provides for restoration of certain retirement credit forfeited at end of 2020. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to validation of lawfully established units of land.. Description: Extends time for recording partition plat incorporating city or county's permit validating unit of land to 365 days. Extends time for recording partition plat incorporating city or county's permit validating unit of land to 365 days. Allow recording of all existing validating permits before December 31, 2022.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to employee contributions to the Public Employees Retirement System.. Description: Provides that, if monthly salary of member of individual account program of Oregon Public Service Retirement Plan does not exceed $3,333, instead of $2,500, Public Employees Retirement Board shall credit all employee contributions made by member to employee account and credit no employee contributions made by member to employee pension stability account. Directs Public Employees Retirement Board to study methods for allowing members of Public Employees Retirement System to certify that member will earn less than $30,000 in calendar year so that board does not credit employee contributions to employee pension stability account.] Provides that, if monthly salary of member of individual account program of Oregon Public Service Retirement Plan does not exceed $3,333, instead of $2,500, Public Employees Retirement Board shall credit all employee contributions made by member to employee account and credit no employee contributions made by member to employee pension stability account.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to emergency medical services providers; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority, upon receipt of federal approval, to assess fee on emergency medical services providers and use fee, interest, penalties assessed on providers and associated federal financial participation less any costs incurred by authority to administer program to reimburse emergency medical services providers for costs of emergency medical services transports. Requires Oregon Health Authority, upon receipt of federal approval, to assess fee on emergency medical services providers and use fee, interest, penalties assessed on providers and associated federal financial participation less any costs incurred by authority to administer program to reimburse emergency medical services providers for costs of emergency medical services transports. Authorizes Medicaid supplemental reimbursements to be paid in addition to reimbursements paid by coordinated care organizations for emergency medical services transports. Increases fees for licenses for ambulance services and ambulances. Becomes operative January 1, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Arab-American Heritage Month.. Description: Designates April of each year as Arab-American Heritage Month. Designates April of each year as Arab-American Heritage Month.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to workers' compensation for occupational diseases that certain workers suffer; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires city that provides disability or retirement system for firefighters by ordinance or charter that is not subject to workers' compensation law to apply provisions requiring presumption that condition or impairment of health is occupational disease that results from employment if firefighter took physical examination upon gaining or during employment that failed to reveal evidence of occupational disease that existed before employment. Requires city that provides disability or retirement system for firefighters and police officers] by ordinance or charter that is not subject to workers' compensation law to apply provisions requiring presumption that condition or impairment of health is occupational disease that results from employment if firefighter took physical examination upon gaining or during employment that failed to reveal evidence of occupational disease that existed before employment. Requires that city's denial of claim for compensation for occupational disease must be on basis of clear and convincing medical evidence that condition or impairment of health is unrelated to employment. Establishes that time limitations for filing claim are one year from date claimant first discovered or should have discovered occupational disease, one year from date claimant becomes disabled or is informed by physician that claimant is suffering from occupational disease or one year from date that worker's beneficiary first discovered or reasonably should have discovered that cause of worker's death was occupational disease. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to training of officers.. Description: Requires Board on Public Safety Standards and Training to ensure that police officers and certified reserve officers are trained to investigate, identify and report crimes motivated by prejudice based on perceived gender of victim. Requires Board on Public Safety Standards and Training to ensure that police officers and certified reserve officers are trained to investigate, identify and report crimes motivated by prejudice based on perceived gender of victim.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to publicly-owned real property; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires local governments, and allows mass transit districts or transportation districts, to prepare and submit to Department of Land Conservation and Development inventory of surplus real property. Requires local governments, and allows mass transit districts or transportation districts, to prepare and submit to Department of Land Conservation and Development inventory of surplus real property. Directs department to submit report on surplus real property to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to housing no later than February 1 of each even-numbered year. Establishes alternative process for city to sell real property for purpose of developing affordable housing. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to disclosure of costs to enroll in classes at public institutions of higher education.. Description: Requires each public university and community college to prominently display , or establish link to website that displays, estimated costs of all required course materials and directly related course fees for no less than 75 percent of total for-credit courses offered by public university or community college. Requires each public university and community college to prominently display total], or establish link to website that displays, estimated costs of all required course materials and directly related course fees for no less than 75 percent of total for-credit courses offered by public university or community college. Establishes how cost information must be displayed, secured and aggregated. Requires each public university and community college to provide annual report to], by December 31, 2023, Higher Education Coordinating Commission to submit report to Legislative Assembly detailing how each public university and community college is ensuring  detailing] compliance with requirement.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to emergency management; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Renames Office of Emergency Management as Oregon Department of Emergency Management. Renames Office of Emergency Management as Oregon Department of Emergency Management. Establishes department as independent state agency. Directs department to carry out certain functions related to regional and statewide emergency response and preparedness. Transfers Oregon Emergency Response System from Department of State Police to Oregon Department of Emergency Management, operative July 1, 2025. Renames office of State Fire Marshal as Department of the State Fire Marshal and establishes department as independent state agency, operative July 1, 2023. Transfers Oregon Homeland Security Council to Office of Governor. Adds members to and modifies duties of commission. Establishes Emergency Preparedness Advisory Council to facilitate policy recommendations related to catastrophic disaster. Sunsets council on January 2, 2030. Establishes Local Government Emergency Management Advisory Council to provide advice and recommendations to Oregon Department of Emergency Management regarding department's emergency preparedness and response functions. Sunsets council on January 2, 2030. Establishes task force to make recommendations as to whether State Fire Marshal should be made independent state agency or housed within existing state agency, operative immediately. Directs task force to report recommendations by February 1, 2022. Becomes operative on July 1, 2022, except as specified. Appropriates moneys from General Fund and increases certain expenditure limitations for various state agencies to carry out provisions of Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the use of tools by law enforcement agencies; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Regulates use of chemical incapacitants, kinetic impact projectiles and sound devices by law enforcement agencies. Regulates use of chemical incapacitants, kinetic impact projectiles , sound devices and strobe lights] and sound devices by law enforcement agencies. Prohibits law enforcement agency from using proxy law enforcement agency to enact measures that court or statute has barred law enforcement agency from using. Prohibits law enforcement agency from acting in concert with another law enforcement agency to engage in misconduct barred by statute or court order. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to police officer misconduct.. Description: Modifies police officer's duty to report misconduct. Modifies police officer's duty to report misconduct. Requires police officers to report violation of certain minimum standards. Requires law enforcement unit to investigate reports of misconduct and violation of standards. Directs Bureau of Labor and Industries to establish and maintain form and database for reports of misconduct and to investigate certain reports of misconduct.] Directs Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to establish and maintain form for reports of misconduct or violation of standards and to forward reports of misconduct or violation of standards to law enforcement units.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to standards concerning law enforcement officer conduct; and declaring an emergency.. Description: For purposes of arbitration proceedings concerning alleged misconduct by law enforcement officers, specifies burden of proof necessary for law enforcement agency, or civilian or community oversight board, agency or review body, to show law enforcement officer engaged in misconduct and that any disciplinary action taken against officer was with just cause. For purposes of arbitration proceedings concerning alleged misconduct by law enforcement officers, specifies burden of proof necessary for law enforcement agency, or civilian or community oversight board, agency or review body, to show law enforcement officer engaged in misconduct and that any disciplinary action taken against officer was with just cause. Establishes standard of review for arbitrator to determine reasonableness of disciplinary action imposed by law enforcement agency, or civilian or community oversight board, agency or review body. Establishes standard under which arbitrator may or may not set aside or reduce disciplinary action when disciplinary action is termination of employment. Clarifies that requirements concerning burdens of proof and standards of review apply to collective bargaining agreements entered into on or after effective date of Act. Prescribes method for selecting arbitrator to serve in arbitration proceeding concerning law enforcement officer misconduct. Establishes Commission on Statewide Law Enforcement Standards of Conduct and Discipline to adopt uniform standards of conduct for law enforcement officers and disciplinary standards by which law enforcement agencies, civilian or community oversight boards, agencies or review bodies and arbitrators shall make determinations regarding imposition of disciplinary action against law enforcement officers. Requires commission to report to House Committee on Judiciary or interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary no later than September 1, 2022, and September 1 every year thereafter, on details of adopted uniform standards and progress by law enforcement agencies in applying standards. Appropriates moneys to Department of State Police for certain training expenses related to uniform standards. Removes discipline guide or discipline matrix as mandatory subject of bargaining. Requires law enforcement agencies, civilian or community oversight boards, agencies or review bodies and arbitrators to comply with uniform standards established by Commission on Statewide Law Enforcement Standards of Conduct and Discipline when making decisions regarding law enforcement disciplinary matters. Restricts arbitrator discretion to impose disciplinary action that is different than disciplinary action imposed by law enforcement agency or civilian or community oversight board, agency or review body, if agency's action was made in accordance with uniform standards adopted by commission. Becomes operative July 1, 2021] on or before November 1, 2022, but not sooner than 30 days after date on which Commission on Statewide Law Enforcement Standards of Conduct and Discipline adopts and publishes rules establishing uniform standards. Declares emergency, effective on passage] July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the use of physical force.. Description: Directs law enforcement unit to participate in National Use-of-Force Data Collection operated by Federal Bureau of Investigation. Directs law enforcement unit to participate in National Use-of-Force Data Collection operated by Federal Bureau of Investigation. Directs Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to analyze data from National Use-of-Force Data Collection and report annually to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on analysis. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Criminal Justice Commission and Department of Corrections for purposes of implementing provisions of Act.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to discrimination.. Description: Limits authority of school district to become member of voluntary organization that administers interscholastic activities unless organization implements equity focused policies that meet certain requirements. Limits authority of school district to become member of voluntary organization that administers interscholastic activities unless organization implements policy that prohibits discrimination based on race, color or national origin] equity focused policies that meet certain requirements. Clarifies meaning of race to include natural hair, hair texture, hair type and protective hairstyles for purposes of prohibited discrimination under antidiscrimination statutes. Clarifies that valid dress code or policy may not have disproportionate adverse impact on members of protected class to extent that is greater than impact on persons generally.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to law enforcement officers.. Description: States legislative findings about racism and public safety. States legislative findings about racism and public safety. Requires Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to create uniform background checklist and standardized personal history questionnaire for use by law enforcement units in hiring public safety officers. Provides that law enforcement unit may not be required to use checklist and questionnaire for purposes of hiring corrections officers until July 1, 2023. Directs law enforcement units to adopt policies that set standards for speech and expression by police officers and reserve officers. Requires employers to provide employment information to law enforcement units for purpose of hiring public safety officers. Exempts law enforcement units from prohibition on employer access to personal social media accounts.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public safety; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Declares venue of juvenile proceeding subject to waiver hearing to be county where alleged act was committed. Declares venue of juvenile proceeding subject to waiver hearing to be county where alleged act was committed. Prohibits venue transfer unless court determines case may not be waived or state stipulates it will not request waiver. Authorizes certain youth offenders who are less than 20 years of age to be admitted to youth correction facility. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to detention of youth.. Description: Creates exception to 28-day time limit for detention of youth if request for waiver hearing is pending. Creates exception to 28-day time limit for detention of youth if request for waiver hearing is pending. Permits youth to waive 10-day detention review hearings.] Extends frequency of detention review hearings to 30 days if request for waiver hearing is pending. Permits youth to waive appearance at individual 30-day detention review hearing. Requires youth to notify district attorney at least five days before review hearing at which youth intends to request release.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to mental health; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to provide incentives to increase recruitment and retention of mental health workforce, including pipeline development, scholarships for undergraduates and stipends for graduate students, loan repayments and retention activities. Requires Oregon Health Authority to provide incentives to increase recruitment and retention of mental health workforce, including pipeline development, scholarships for undergraduates and stipends for graduate students, loan repayments and retention activities. Directs authority to expand funding, develop programs and provide incentives to improve access to culturally responsive behavioral health services by tribal members, people of color, lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender youth, veterans, persons with disabilities, individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities, individuals with limited English proficiency, individuals working in correctional facilities, residents of rural areas and other underserved communities. Directs authority to provide funding to counties, community mental health programs and organizations to support individuals to transition from incarceration back into community.] Directs authority to provide grants to licensed practitioners to pay costs of providing supervision of mental health practitioners in private practice. Requires employers of mental health workers to pay supervision costs of workers. Requires authority to provide funding to community mental health programs and private practitioners to ensure access to mental health care by communities disproportionately challenged by COVID-19.] Appropriates moneys to authority to carry out provisions of Act. Changes name of "licensed professional counselor intern" and "licensed marriage and family therapist intern" to "licensed professional counselor associate" and "licensed marriage and family therapist associate." Declares emergency, effective on July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to community-based structured housing.. Description: Modifies definition of "community-based structured housing." Specifies that Oregon Health Authority has regulatory authority over community-based structured housing. Modifies definition of "community-based structured housing." Specifies that Oregon Health Authority has regulatory authority over community-based structured housing.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public charter school enrollment; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows public charter school to implement weighted lottery that favors historically underserved students when number of applications for enrollment exceeds capacity of program, class, grade level or building. Allows public charter school to implement weighted lottery that favors historically underserved students when number of applications for enrollment exceeds capacity of program, class, grade level or building. Allows public charter school to give enrollment preference to students who were enrolled in public preschool or prekindergarten program operated by public charter school and to students who are at risk because of economic or academic disadvantage that requires special services or assistance. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to prescription drugs; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows pharmacist to prescribe, dispense and administer preexposure prophylactic antiretroviral therapies and post-exposure prophylactic antiretroviral therapies. Allows pharmacist to prescribe, dispense and administer preexposure prophylactic antiretroviral therapies and post-exposure prophylactic antiretroviral therapies. Directs State Board of Pharmacy to adopt rules. Requires health insurers to cover cost of drugs and therapies prescribed, dispensed and administered by pharmacists within their scope of practice and cover costs of services provided by pharmacist. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public health modernization.. Description: Extends deadline for local plans for applying foundational capabilities and implementing foundational programs related to public health to December 31, 2025. Extends deadline for local plans for applying foundational capabilities and implementing foundational programs related to public health to December 31, 2025.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to terminations of commercial tenancies; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Extends grace period for repayment of nonresidential rent between April 1, 2020, and September 30, 2020, until September 30, 2021, for certain tenants. Prohibits termination of commercial tenancy for nonpayment if outstanding rent balance does not exceed rent deposit.] Sunsets January 2, 2023.] Extends grace period for repayment of nonresidential rent between April 1, 2020, and September 30, 2020, until September 30, 2021, for certain tenants. Declares emergency, effective on passage] March 31, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to oral health in schools; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs school districts to provide age-appropriate instruction in oral health as part of health education curriculum. Directs school districts to provide age-appropriate instruction in oral health as part of health education curriculum. Requires Oregon Health Authority to accept claims for reimbursement of costs related to care coordination surrounding school-based oral health services. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Defines "device" for purposes of practice of advanced nonablative esthetics. Defines "device" for purposes of practice of advanced nonablative esthetics. Prohibits use of device not registered with United States Food and Drug Administration. Defines "mechanical or electrical apparatus, appliance or device" for purposes of esthetics. Provides that Board of Certified Advanced Estheticians is subject to oversight by Health Licensing Office. Specifies evidence of education that applicant for residential care facility administrator license must provide to Health Licensing Office. Allows nonprofit charitable corporation that provides dental services to individuals 65 years of age and older and individuals unable to stand or walk unassisted to own, operate, conduct or maintain dental practice, clinic or office. Sunsets January 1, 2023. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to residential peer support for individuals with mental illness who are in crisis; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to provide funding to peer-run organizations in Portland metropolitan area, southern Oregon region, Oregon coast and eastern and central Oregon region to operate peer respite centers to provide peer respite services to individuals with mental illness or trauma response symptoms who experience acute distress, anxiety or emotional pain that may lead to need for higher level of care. Requires Oregon Health Authority to provide funding to peer-run organizations in Portland metropolitan area, southern Oregon region, Oregon coast and eastern and central Oregon region to operate peer respite centers to provide peer respite services to individuals with mental illness or trauma response symptoms who experience acute distress, anxiety or emotional pain that may lead to need for higher level of care. Provides that at least one peer respite center receiving funding must participate in pilot project designed specifically to provide culturally responsive services to historically underrepresented communities. Requires Oregon Health Authority to adopt criteria for peer respite centers that receive funding and to monitor compliance. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to palliative care.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to establish and administer program to provide, through coordinated care organizations, palliative care services, as determined by interdisciplinary team, to patients in their choice of residences. Requires Oregon Health Authority to establish and administer program to provide, through coordinated care organizations, palliative care services, and support provision of home- and community-based end of life care. Specifies eligibility, services and provider qualifications] as determined by interdisciplinary team, to patients in their choice of residences.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the membership of advisory committees to the Oregon Department of Transportation.. Description: Directs Department of Transportation to ensure that membership of advisory committees reflects racial and ethnic and ability composition of Oregon. Directs Department of Transportation to ensure that membership of advisory committees reflects racial and ethnic and ability composition of Oregon.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to payments to members of certain public entities; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies amount of compensation paid to members of state boards and commissions. Modifies amount of compensation paid to members of state boards and commissions. Requires state boards or commissions to pay compensation and expenses to certain members with adjusted gross income below certain threshold. Provides that members may decline to accept compensation or reimbursement. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to administrative rules.. Description: Provides that advisory committees appointed by agency as part of rulemaking must represent interests of persons and communities likely to be affected by rule. Requires agency to appoint advisory committee to represent interests of persons likely to be affected by proposed rule.] Provides that advisory committees appointed by agency as part of rulemaking must represent interests of persons and communities likely to be affected by rule. Requires agency to include in notice of rulemaking statement identifying how adoption of rule will affect racial equity.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to cannabis; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Defines "adult use cannabis item," "artificially derived cannabinoid," "delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol" and "total delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol" for statutes related to marijuana and industrial hemp. Defines "adult use cannabis item," "artificially derived cannabinoid," "delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol" and "total delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol" for statutes related to marijuana and industrial hemp. Authorizes Oregon Liquor Control Commission to regulate artificially derived cannabinoids. Requires industrial hemp commodities or products intended for human consumption to be processed by licensed marijuana processor. Prohibits person other than licensed marijuana retailer from selling specified industrial hemp commodity or product to consumer. Requires commission to adopt rules establishing maximum concentration of total delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol and other cannabinoids, including artificially derived cannabinoids, in single serving of cannabinoid product. Allows Oregon Health Authority to disclose location of specified registered entities to person designated by State Department of Agriculture. Directs department to administer Oregon Hemp State Program for production, processing and sale of industrial hemp. Requires department to conduct criminal records check on applicant for industrial hemp grower license. Allows person licensed by department to transport within this state specified industrial hemp and industrial hemp commodities. Directs commission, in consultation with department, to adopt by rule maximum concentration of tetrahydrocannabinol, other cannabinoids and artificially derived cannabinoids in single servings of industrial hemp product. Requires department to establish by rule requirements for tracking transfer of specified industrial hemp commodities and products. Directs department to adopt rules to require industrial hemp grower to report to department loss of or intention to not plant crop. Requires grower ordered to destroy or remediate industrial hemp crop to provide to department documentation of destruction or remediation. Directs department to refuse to issue registration or take other specified action if person plants industrial hemp crop or commits specified violation prior to applying for grower registration. Allows marijuana processor to transfer, sell or transport industrial hemp commodity or product to person that is not marijuana processor, retailer or wholesaler if commodity or product meets specified requirements. Prohibits sale of industrial hemp commodity or product intended for human consumption to consumer unless commodity or product meets specified requirements. Establishes civil penalty not to exceed $10,000 applicable to certain persons growing industrial hemp crop that contains specified tetrahydrocannabinol concentration. Establishes Task Force on Cannabis-Derived Intoxicants. Requires task force to submit interim report not later than December 31, 2021, and final report not later than December 31, 2022, to interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to economic development. Increases distribution of moneys from Oregon Marijuana Account to Illegal Marijuana Market Enforcement Grant Program Fund. Directs commission to map locations of registered or licensed industrial hemp operations and licensed marijuana production premises and make map available to law enforcement and other specified parties. Directs commission to develop methodology to distinguish whether cannabis plant is industrial hemp or marijuana. Allows department to enter into interagency agreement with commission for purposes of enforcement. Requires department to adopt rules regarding law enforcement accompaniment of department representatives for purposes of protection. Allows Governor to order Oregon National Guard to assist department with enforcement. Creates crime of unlawful production of marijuana. Punishes by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both. Sunsets January 1, 2024. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to diversity in media production in Oregon.. Description: Requires media production companies seeking reimbursement under Oregon Production Investment Fund programs to perform certain actions related to diversity, equity and inclusion with respect to production for which reimbursement is sought. Requires media production companies seeking reimbursement under Oregon Production Investment Fund programs to perform certain actions related to diversity, equity and inclusion with respect to production for which reimbursement is sought.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Extends Veteran Educational Bridge Grant Program. Extends Veteran Educational Bridge Grant Program. Modifies time period for certain study conducted by Legislative Fiscal Officer. Transfers uncommitted balance of certain lottery allocation to related fund. Modifies authorized purposes for expenditures from Public Defense Services Account. Increases number of circuit court judges. Repeals law limiting expenditures by Department of Education from moneys transferred from Education Stability Fund to State School Fund. Authorizes expenditure from State School Fund for administration of statewide facilities assessment program. Authorizes retention of moneys in Fund for Student Success for reserve purposes. Authorizes expenditure from Early Learning Account for certain purposes related to early learning facilities. Authorizes expenditures from Wage Security Fund for investigations of unlawful discrimination. Directs Department of Justice to submit biennial report to chairpersons of Joint Committee on Ways and Means on litigation involving state. Modifies authorized purposes for expenditures from Housing Acquisition Fund. Establishes requirements for certain contracts for certain capital construction projects financed with federal American Rescue Plan Act moneys. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to student fees at public institutions of higher education.. Description: Limits ability of public university to refuse new mandatory incidental fees or process for collecting mandatory incidental fees. Limits ability of public university to refuse new mandatory incidental fees or process for collecting mandatory incidental fees. Limits ability of community college to refuse new mandatory student-initiated fees or process for collecting mandatory student-initiated fees.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to hospital nurse staffing plans.. Description: Adds requirements for suspension of hospital nurse staffing plan during national or state emergency declaration. Adds requirements for suspension of hospital nurse staffing plan during national or state emergency declaration.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to multilingual election materials; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Secretary of State to create and make publicly available list of five most common languages spoken, other than English, by residents of state and of each county. Requires Secretary of State to create and make publicly available list of five most common languages spoken, other than English, by residents of state and of each county. Requires Secretary of State to ensure state voters' pamphlet and county voters' pamphlet are translated into each listed language and to make translated voters' pamphlets available on state and county websites. Requires voters' pamphlets to include, in each listed language, website address for translated voters' pamphlet. Requires Secretary of State to include in translated state voters' pamphlet translation submitted of candidate statement, argument for or against state measure and argument for measure prepared by Legislative Assembly. Establishes Translation Advisory Council. Requires Secretary of State to consult with council to ensure translations of voters' pamphlets are conducted professionally, culturally responsively, accurately and to standard of original version. Applies to voters' pamphlets distributed on or after June 30, 2022. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Secretary of State to carry out Act. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to identification card fees; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Transportation to waive fee for issuing, renewing or replacing identification card if person who is issued card is experiencing homelessness. Directs Department of Transportation to waive fee for issuing, renewing or replacing identification card if person who is issued card is experiencing homelessness. Becomes operative January 1, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care for adults in custody; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Task Force on Corrections Medical Care. Directs Department of Corrections and Oregon Health Authority to establish healthcare navigator pilot program within Coffee Creek Correctional Facility. Directs department, in consultation with authority, to develop health assessment for persons entering facility. Establishes standards for provision of health care to persons in custody. Requires that person in custody be offered copy of medical records upon release.] Establishes healthcare navigator positions for employment within Coffee Creek Correctional Facility. Specifies duties of healthcare navigators. Provides that healthcare navigator salaries are paid by Oregon Health Authority. Appropriates moneys to authority to fund positions.] Establishes Task Force on Corrections Medical Care. Directs task force to conduct review of Department of Corrections medical care grievance process, medical care standards of care and adoption of electronic health records system. Directs task force to submit report and recommendation for prioritized list of medical care to Legislative Assembly no later than September 15, 2022. Directs Department of Corrections to regularly report to Legislative Assembly concerning health data] medical care and health outcomes of persons in custody and results of survey of pilot program participants]. Sunsets program] task force and reporting requirement on June 30, 2023. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to physician assistants; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows physician assistant to register with Oregon Medical Board for authority to dispense prescription drugs. Allows physician assistant to register with Oregon Medical Board for authority to dispense prescription drugs. Specifies requirements for dispensation by physician assistant. Allows board to license out-of-state physician assistant to practice medicine in Oregon. Becomes operative January 15, 2022. Removes requirement that physician assistant practice under supervising physician. Requires physician assistant to enter into collaboration agreement with physician, podiatric physician or employer. Defines "collaboration agreement." Becomes operative July 15, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to youth suicide response; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs medical examiner or medical-legal death investigator to report deaths of decedents 24 years of age or younger to local mental health authority if district medical examiner, assistant district medical examiner, pathologist or designee of district medical examiner reasonably believes manner of death was suicide. Directs medical examiner or medical-legal death investigator to report suspected suicides involving] deaths of decedents 24 years of age or younger to local mental health authority if district medical examiner, assistant district medical examiner, pathologist or designee of district medical examiner reasonably believes manner of death was suicide. Directs Oregon Health Authority to develop statewide suicide post-intervention protocol. Authorizes cross-reporting between local mental health authorities. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to system development charges; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Housing and Community Services Department, in consultation with Department of Land Conservation and Development, Department of Environmental Quality, Department of Revenue and Oregon Business Development Department, to conduct comprehensive study of system development charges. Directs Housing and Community Services Department, in consultation with Department of Land Conservation and Development, Department of Environmental Quality, Department of Revenue and Oregon Business Development Department, to conduct comprehensive study of system development charges. Requires Housing and Community Services Department to submit, to interim legislative committees related to housing and economic recovery and prosperity, preliminary report no later than December 31, 2021, and final report no later than June 1, 2022. Requires city, county or special district that maintains public website to include certain information regarding system development charges in manner readily accessible to general public. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to mandatory abuse reporters.. Description: Modifies definition of "public or private official" with mandatory duty to report suspected abuse to include all state and local elected officials. Modifies definition of "public or private official" with mandatory duty to report suspected abuse to include all state and local elected officials.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to gender identity; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Removes "gender identity" from definition of "sexual orientation" in ORS 174.100 and creates standalone definition of "gender identity" in ORS 174.100. Removes "gender identity" from definition of "sexual orientation" in ORS 174.100 and creates standalone definition of "gender identity" in ORS 174.100. Adds "gender identity" or "gender identities" to all statutes that reference "sexual orientation" or "sexual orientations." Repeals prohibition on political subdivisions enacting or enforcing certain laws related to sexual orientation. Removes provision that sexual orientation is not physical or mental impairment qualifying as disability under certain employment discrimination statutes. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unemployment insurance benefits; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that, during statutorily declared emergency, Governor may authorize Director of Department of Revenue to disclose certain information set forth in tax report or return to Director of Employment Department if Director of Department of Revenue determines that administration of any federal or state law or program requires disclosure to enable Employment Department to verify identity or income level of any person for purposes related to emergency or any consequences of emergency. Changes alternative amount from $300 to 23 times minimum wage in effect in Metro for determination of earnings disregard for purposes of unemployment insurance benefits.] Creates alternative maximum amount of 23 times minimum wage in effect in Metro that individual may receive in part-time remuneration and still be deemed "unemployed" for purposes of unemployment insurance benefits.] Provides that, during statutorily declared emergency, Governor may authorize Director of Department of Revenue to disclose certain information set forth in tax report or return to Director of Employment Department if Director of Department of Revenue determines that administration of any federal or state law or program requires disclosure to enable Employment Department to verify identity or income level of any person for purposes related to emergency or any consequences of emergency. Ratifies disclosures made by Director of Department of Revenue in compliance with identical provision enacted by section 1, chapter 2, Oregon Laws 2020 (second special session), on or after date of sunset of section 1, chapter 2, Oregon Laws 2020 (second special session), and before effective date of this Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to mental health drugs; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Extends sunset on requirement that Oregon Health Authority reimburse cost of mental health drugs in medical assistance program. Extends sunset on requirement that Oregon Health Authority reimburse cost of mental health drugs in medical assistance program. Prohibits authority from requiring prior authorization for mental health drugs under specified conditions. Defines "mental health drug." Requires Pharmacy and Therapeutics Committee to consider recommendations of Mental Health Clinical Advisory Group in making recommendations to authority regarding mental health drugs to be included on any preferred drug list or Practitioner-Managed Prescription Drug Plan. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to behavioral health.. Description: Specifies behavioral health treatment that must be provided by coordinated care organizations and covered by group health insurance and individual health plans and restricts utilization review criteria for behavioral health treatment. Specifies behavioral health treatment that must be provided by coordinated care organizations and covered by group health insurance and individual health plans and restricts utilization review criteria for behavioral health treatment. Requires carriers and coordinated care organizations to conduct analyses of compliance with mental health parity requirements and report specified data to Department of Consumer and Business Services and Oregon Health Authority respectively.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to disclosure of personal information; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes civil cause of action for improper disclosure of personal information. Establishes civil cause of action for improper disclosure of personal information. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transportation.. Description: Prohibits sale of gasoline by dealer unless it contains at least 10 percent denatured fuel ethanol by volume or concentrations of at least 9.2 percent anhydrous ethanol by volume. Requires Department of Transportation to study development of uniform standards for speed bump height and markings.] Sunsets January 2, 2023.] Prohibits sale of gasoline by dealer unless it contains at least 10 percent denatured fuel ethanol by volume or concentrations of at least 9.2 percent anhydrous ethanol by volume.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transportation; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies, adds and repeals laws relating to transportation. Modifies, adds and repeals laws relating to transportation. Exempts from license tax first sale, use or distribution of motor vehicle fuel in this state purchased by Indian tribe, tribal entity or tribal member entity for delivery to service station owned by Indian tribe, tribal entity or tribal member entity and operated on tribe's reservation or trust land. Requires Indian tribe to impose tax at same rate as license tax on sales of purchased motor vehicle fuel and to use revenues solely for uses consistent with constitutional requirements applicable to revenues from sales of motor vehicle fuel. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the disclosure of information related to COVID-19; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes Oregon Health Authority to disclose individually identifiable information related to COVID-19 to certain persons and under certain circumstances. Authorizes Oregon Health Authority to disclose individually identifiable information related to COVID-19 to certain persons and under certain circumstances. Sunsets June 30, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unlawful assemblies.. Description: Modifies statute authorizing law enforcement officers to command dispersal of unlawful assemblies and arrest participants who do not disperse. Repeals] Modifies statute authorizing law enforcement officers to command dispersal of unlawful assemblies and arrest participants who do not disperse. Removes requirement to go among persons unlawfully assembled and arrest persons. Authorizes arrest for unlawful activity constituting offense.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to use of unmanned aircraft systems in state parks.. Description: Directs State Parks and Recreation Commission to adopt rules managing use of unmanned aircraft systems by people in state parks. Directs State Parks and Recreation Commission to adopt rules managing use of unmanned aircraft systems by people in state parks.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to early childhood governance; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Changes name of Early Learning Division to Department of Early Learning and Care. Changes name of Early Learning Division to Department of Early Learning and Care. Establishes Department of Early Learning and Care as state agency that is separate from Department of Education and that functions under, and is coordinated by, Early Learning Council. Prescribes expanded duties, functions and powers of Department of Early Learning and Care, including administration of Employment Related Day Care. Modifies requirements of Employment Related Day Care. Directs Early Learning Division, Department of Education and Department of Human Services to develop and implement plans for seamless transfer of relevant duties, functions and powers, and to report on plans to appropriate interim committees of Legislative Assembly. Revises goals of statewide early learning system. Modifies membership and duties of State Interagency Coordinating Council. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to credit unions.. Description: Changes date for exercise by state credit unions of powers available to federal credit unions without prior approval. Changes date for exercise by state credit unions of powers available to federal credit unions without prior approval. Modifies laws relating to credit union membership.] Authorizes Director of the Department of Consumer and Business Services to approve merger of credit unions without regard to common bond differences under certain emergency circumstances. Modifies laws relating to investments of credit unions.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to swiping documents issued by the Department of Transportation.. Description: Allows financial institution to swipe identification card or driver license to collect information about individual for purpose of processing application for deposit account or loan for individual. Allows financial institution to swipe identification card or driver license to collect information about individual for purpose of processing application for deposit account or loan for individual.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the contract price required for an exemption from competitive bidding requirements for public improvement contracts; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Raises contract price at which public improvement contract solicitations are exempt from competitive bidding requirement from $5,000 to $10,000. Raises contract price at which public improvement contract solicitations are exempt from competitive bidding requirement from $5,000 to $10,000. Becomes operative on January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to ground water levels; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Water Resources Department to establish program for purpose of sharing cost of remediating reductions in amount of ground water available for domestic personal use in Greater Harney Valley Groundwater Area of Concern due to overallocation of ground water . Requires Water Resources Department to establish grant] program for purpose of sharing cost of remediating reductions in amount of ground water available for domestic personal use in Greater Harney Valley Groundwater Area of Concern due to overallocation of ground water for agricultural use]. Establishes in State Treasury, separate and distinct from General Fund, Domestic Well Remediation Fund to provide funds for grant] program. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Water Resources Department for deposit into Domestic Well Remediation Fund. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to resolving adverse health care events.. Description: Repeals sunset on early discussion and resolution program for resolving adverse health care incidents. Repeals sunset on early discussion and resolution program for resolving adverse health care incidents.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to water uses.. Description: Authorizes holder of water right certificate that allows storage of water to change type of use of water, subject to certain requirements. Authorizes holder of water right certificate that allows storage of water to change type of use of water, subject to certain requirements. Directs Water Resources Commission to hold facilitated meetings for purpose of finding agreement among stakeholders on path forward for transfers of stored water and development of related legislative proposals. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to commission for purposes related to meetings.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to correction of erroneous material in Oregon law.. Description: Makes nonsubstantive and technical changes in Oregon law. Makes nonsubstantive and technical changes in Oregon law. Corrects grammar and punctuation. Deletes obsolete provisions. Conforms language to existing statutes and legislative style.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public employee retirement.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to public employee retirement. Modifies provisions relating to public employee retirement.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to child care facilities.. Description: Limits certain restrictions by local governments on use of property for child care facilities. Limits certain restrictions by local governments on use of property for child care facilities. Allows development of certain uses for children as conditional use on lands zoned for exclusive farm use.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to rent increase notices.. Description: Limits exemption from rent increase limits for landlords renting under government programs reducing rents. Removes] Limits exemption from rent increase limits for landlords renting under government programs reducing rents.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to ocean chemistry; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of State Lands, State Department of Fish and Wildlife and Higher Education Coordinating Commission in certain amounts for certain purposes related to ocean chemistry. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Ocean Science Trust] Department of State Lands, State Department of Fish and Wildlife and Higher Education Coordinating Commission in certain amounts for certain purposes related to ocean chemistry. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the regulation of public property with respect to persons experiencing homelessness; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that local law regulating sitting, lying, sleeping or keeping warm and dry outdoors on public property that is open to public must be objectively reasonable as to time, place and manner with regards to persons experiencing homelessness. Provides that local law regulating sitting, lying, sleeping or keeping warm and dry outdoors on public property that is open to public must be objectively reasonable as to time, place and manner with regards to persons experiencing homelessness. Creates affirmative defense to charge of violating such local law that law is not objectively reasonable. Creates cause of action for person experiencing homelessness to challenge objective reasonableness of such local law. Authorizes court to award attorney fees to prevailing plaintiff in such suit in certain circumstances. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to homelessness; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Increases time that written notice must be posted before removal of homeless individuals from established camping site. Increases time that written notice must be posted before removal of homeless individuals from established camping site. Increases categories of persons to whom unclaimed personal property from camping site may be given. Requires written notice to state how individuals may claim personal property removed from camping site. Requires that unclaimed personal property be stored in orderly fashion. Authorizes donation of unclaimed property to tax exempt charitable corporation. Provides that local law that is more specific or provides greater protections to homeless individuals subject to removal from established camping site preempts contrary provisions of section. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to documents issued by the Department of Transportation.. Description: Directs Department of Transportation to create emergency contact information form and make form available for individuals to voluntarily provide emergency contact information for inclusion in individual's motor vehicle record for police officers to use, during or after emergency situations, to contact those listed. Directs Department of Transportation to create emergency contact information form and make form available for individuals to voluntarily provide emergency contact information for inclusion in individual's motor vehicle record for police officers to use, during or after emergency situations, to contact those listed. Directs department to conduct outreach program to educate applicants and general public about opportunity to include emergency contact information in motor vehicle record. Sunsets outreach program January 2, 2025.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to wildfire recovery; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs county board to annex to domestic water supply district, upon petition, land surrounded by district where water supply has become inadequate or contaminated due to wildfire, if district or independent water supply source of district has water supply sufficient to provide water to land. Directs Legislative Policy and Research Office to study strategies to promote recovery from 2020 wildfire season and report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on or before September 15, 2022.] Sunsets January 2, 2023.] Directs county board to annex to domestic water supply district, upon petition, land surrounded by district where water supply has become inadequate or contaminated due to wildfire, if district or independent water supply source of district has water supply sufficient to provide water to land. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to due date of estate tax return; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Extends time for filing of estate tax return . Extends time for filing of estate tax return as applicable to estate owing no federal estate tax]. Applies to estates of decedents dying on or after January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to youth suicide.. Description: Requires mental health care provider who assesses minor to be at imminent and serious threat of attempting suicide to disclose relevant information to parent, guardian or other individuals to engage in safety planning. Requires parental disclosure when minor receives suicide risk assessment, intervention, treatment or support services.] Requires mental health care provider who assesses minor to be at imminent and serious threat of attempting suicide to disclose relevant information to parent, guardian or other individuals to engage in safety planning. Permits provider to disclose relevant information regarding minor's treatment and diagnosis to organizations providing minor's treatment support. Permits provider to disclose minor's treatment and diagnosis information to individuals and organizations involved in minor's treatment if minor does not object to disclosure. Permits provider to decline to disclose minor's treatment and diagnosis information if disclosure could endanger minor, is not in minor's best interest or would disclose information to individual who abused or neglected minor. Grants civil immunity to providers for making disclosures in good faith without minor's consent.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to psilocybin; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Makes changes to statutes related to operating vehicle or boat while under influence of intoxicants that reference controlled substances to clarify applicability to psilocybin. Makes changes to statutes related to operating vehicle or boat while under influence of intoxicants that reference controlled substances to clarify applicability to psilocybin. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to energy; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Reduces public purpose charge for retail electricity consumers within service areas of electric companies and Oregon Community Power. Reduces public purpose charge for retail electricity consumers within service areas of electric companies and Oregon Community Power. Modifies allocation of funds collected through public purpose charges. Requires recovery in rates by electric company of funds necessary to plan for and pursue all available energy efficiency resources that are cost effective, reliable and feasible. Allows for credit against amounts recovered in certain circumstances. Modifies reporting requirements for nongovernmental entity that is paid certain funds as directed by commission. Requires Public Utility Commission to establish and update metrics for assessing, addressing and creating accountability for environmental justice in expenditure and investment of funds collected for certain purposes and paid to nongovernmental entity. Requires reporting by nongovernmental entity on progress in achieving equity metrics. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to interest charged on delinquent property taxes; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Delays to December 15 date on which interest begins to accrue on first one-third of property taxes, and other related charges, not paid when due on November 15. Provides for daily rather than monthly computation of interest on delinquent property taxes. Permits county to authorize waiver or reduction of interest if taxpayer demonstrates good and sufficient cause for late payment. Defines "good and sufficient cause" as extraordinary circumstance beyond taxpayer's control that caused late payment.] Delays to December 15 date on which interest begins to accrue on first one-third of property taxes, and other related charges, not paid when due on November 15. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to records.. Description: Requires law enforcement unit that imposes discipline including economic sanction on police officer to report to Department of Public Safety Standards and Training. Directs Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to establish publicly available database of certain information about misconduct and discipline of public safety employees established by department.] Requires reporting of complaints, allegations, charges, disciplinary proceedings, certain judicial findings and prosecutorial determinations, suspensions and revocations of certification and certain resignations and terminations of public safety employees to department for inclusion in database.] Modifies crime of tampering with public records. Creates crime of recklessly tampering with public records, punishable by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both.] Allows production of disciplinary records of public safety employees under public records law.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.] Requires law enforcement unit that imposes discipline including economic sanction on police officer to report to Department of Public Safety Standards and Training. Requires department to include discipline of police officers involving economic sanctions in statewide online database of information about police officers.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to wildlife inspection stations.. Description: Authorizes State Department of Fish and Wildlife to operate wildlife inspection stations for purposes of preventing spread of infections or infestations harmful to wildlife or of furthering wildlife management efforts. Authorizes State Department of Fish and Wildlife to operate wildlife inspection stations for purposes of preventing spread of infections or infestations harmful to wildlife or of furthering wildlife management efforts. Requires operator of vehicle transporting taken wildlife or parts of taken wildlife to stop when arriving at wildlife inspection station. Makes failure to stop at wildlife inspection station when required Class A violation subject to maximum fine of $2,000.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to residential land use planning by local governments within urban growth boundaries; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires cities within Metro with population greater than 10,000 to conduct housing needs analysis. Requires cities within Metro with population greater than 10,000 to conduct housing needs analysis. Replaces requirement that Metro allocate housing capacity among those cities with requirement that cities amend their land use regulations and housing production strategy if analysis shows housing need. Provides optional process for housing production strategy and buildable lands and housing needs analysis for any city with population of 10,000 or less. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to data collection; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires coordinated care organization, health care provider or health insurer to collect from patient, client or member data on race, ethnicity, preferred spoken and written languages, disability status, sexual orientation and gender identity. Requires coordinated care organization, health care provider or health insurer to collect from patient, client or member data on race, ethnicity, preferred spoken and written languages, disability status, sexual orientation and gender identity. Establishes civil penalty for violation. Requires Oregon Health Authority to establish data system for receipt and storage of specified data. Requires authority to report every two years, beginning on June 1, 2022, on collection of data to appropriate interim committees of Legislative Assembly. Directs authority to administer grant program to provide funding to support safe data collection by specified organizations. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the application of the crime of interfering with a peace officer or parole and probation officer; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies crime of interfering with a peace officer or parole and probation officer. Modifies crime of interfering with a peace officer or parole and probation officer. Removes refusal to obey officer order as manner of committing crime. Provides that person may not be arrested for or charged with interfering with a peace officer or parole and probation officer for conduct that would constitute any] if person is arrested or charged for other criminal offense based on same conduct. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to administrative hearings; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Permits chief administrative law judge to require implied consent hearing to be conducted by telephone or other two-way communication device if judge determines that meeting in person poses significant risk to health or safety. Permits chief administrative law judge to require implied consent hearing to be conducted by telephone or other two-way communication device if judge determines that meeting in person poses significant risk to health or safety. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unemployment; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Temporarily removes condition for being deemed "unemployed" that individual's weekly remuneration for part-time work must be less than individual's weekly unemployment insurance benefit amount. Temporarily removes condition for being deemed "unemployed" that individual's weekly remuneration for part-time work must be less than individual's weekly unemployment insurance benefit amount. Restores condition for weeks beginning on or after January 2, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the education of children with hearing conditions.. Description: Requires parents of child who is deaf or deafblind or who is hard of hearing to be provided information about relevant services and placements offered by school district, education service district, regional programs and Oregon School for the Deaf whenever individualized family service plan or individualized education program is developed, revised or reviewed. Requires school district to provide information about certain services and placements available for children who are deaf or deafblind or who are hard of hearing and to ensure that representative of Oregon School for the Deaf is present for certain meetings related to individualized education programs or 504 Plans.] Requires parents of child who is deaf or deafblind or who is hard of hearing to be provided information about relevant services and placements offered by school district, education service district, regional programs and Oregon School for the Deaf whenever individualized family service plan or individualized education program is developed, revised or reviewed.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the protection of undisturbed wetlands during agricultural channel maintenance.. Description: Prohibits spreading of material in undisturbed wetlands during maintenance of agricultural channels. Prohibits spreading of material in undisturbed wetlands during maintenance of agricultural channels. Directs Department of State Lands to further define "farmed wetlands," "previously impacted wetlands" and] "undisturbed wetlands" for purposes of agricultural channel maintenance program.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to employment status.. Description: Changes definitions of "employer" and "worker" for purposes of workers' compensation law. Changes definitions of "employer" and "worker" for purposes of workers' compensation law. Changes total labor cost at which employment is casual from $500 to $1,000.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to returning hatchery fish.. Description: Directs State Fish and Wildlife Commission to adopt certain requirements related to carcasses of returning hatchery fish. Directs State Fish and Wildlife Commission to adopt certain requirements related to carcasses of returning hatchery fish.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to foreign courts.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to foreign restraining orders. Provides procedure for recognition and enforcement of orders and judgments of tribal courts in courts of this state.] Modifies provisions relating to foreign restraining orders.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the use of certain Employment Department funds; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Expands permissible uses of amounts in Employment Department Special Fraud Control Fund, including payment of costs associated with federal Lost Wages Assistance program. Expands permissible uses of amounts in Employment Department Special Fraud Control Fund, including payment of costs associated with federal Lost Wages Assistance program. Provides for methods of collection from debtor of reimbursements to Federal Emergency Management Agency for benefit overpayments required under Lost Wages Assistance program. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to manufactured dwellings; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Expands allowable uses for Housing and Community Services Department's manufactured dwelling programs to support dwellings and parks destroyed by natural disaster. Expands allowable uses for Housing and Community Services Department's manufactured dwelling programs to support dwellings and parks destroyed by natural disaster. Allows department to contract for administration of manufactured dwelling replacement loans. Removes cap on loans per individual. Adjusts cap on department's manufactured dwelling decommissioning and disposal grants. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to manufactured dwelling parks; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Amends definition of "manufactured dwelling park" to include parks with certain prefabricated structures. Amends definition of "manufactured dwelling park" to include parks with certain prefabricated structures. Requires local governments to approve reconstruction of manufactured dwelling parks after wildfire] natural disasters. Authorizes local governments to rezone areas for manufactured dwelling parks where wildfires have creating housing scarcity.] Allows Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to exempt those manufactured dwelling parks from certain building codes. Sunsets January 2, 2026.] Establishes respective rights for landlords and tenants of manufactured dwelling parks following natural disaster. Allows landlords to require park tenants to maintain liability insurance. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to buildings.. Description: Prohibits Department of Consumer and Business Services from outlawing in state building code certain uses of specific refrigerants authorized under federal law. Directs Housing and Community Services Department to study issues relating to adequacy of buildings in this state and report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on or before September 15, 2022.] Sunsets January 2, 2023.] Prohibits Department of Consumer and Business Services from outlawing in state building code certain uses of specific refrigerants authorized under federal law.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care for adults in custody in local correctional facilities; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to convene advisory council to assist with recommendations related to health care standards in local correctional facilities. Directs Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to convene advisory council to assist with recommendations related to health care standards in local correctional facilities. Requires commission to submit report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary on or before September 15, 2022. Sunsets January 2, 2023. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transplant education in public schools.. Description: Requires school districts to provide instruction on organ and tissue donation and education. Requires school districts to provide instruction on organ and tissue donation and education. Takes effect July 1, 2022.].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the education of students in treatment programs; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Expands definition of term "eligible residential treatment program" for purpose of determining which programs Department of Education will provide payment for costs of education of students in program. Directs Department of Education to provide moneys for payment of costs of education of students in qualified treatment programs.] Expands definition of term "eligible residential treatment program" for purpose of determining which programs Department of Education will provide payment for costs of education of students in program. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to providing information to employees about the public service loan forgiveness program; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs education employer to provide materials and assistance to eligible employees concerning public service loan forgiveness program. Directs education employer to provide materials and assistance to eligible employees concerning public service loan forgiveness program. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to conversion of properties for living spaces; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits local government's restrictions on conversions of certain properties into emergency shelters or affordable housing. Limits local government's restrictions on conversions of certain properties into emergency shelters or affordable housing. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to immigration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits law enforcement agency or public body from denying services, benefits, privileges or opportunities to certain individuals on basis of federal civil immigration actions, inquiring about individual's citizenship status without connection to criminal investigation or providing information about individual in custody to federal immigration authority. Prohibits law enforcement agency or public body from denying services, benefits, privileges or opportunities to certain individuals on basis of federal civil immigration actions, inquiring about individual's citizenship status without connection to criminal investigation or providing information about individual in custody to federal immigration authority. Requires law enforcement agency to explain to individual committed or detained by law enforcement agency individual's right to refuse to disclose nationality, citizenship or immigration status and potential immigration consequences of refusal to disclose. Prohibits use of public resources to assist federal immigration enforcement. Requires public body that receives communication or request for assistance from federal immigration authority to report request or communication to Oregon Criminal Justice Commission. Requires commission to continually publish reports of communications and requests received by public bodies. Requires Department of Justice to establish mechanism to receive reports of certain violations. Prohibits public body, law enforcement agency or officer from entering into specified agreements related to federal immigration enforcement. Allows any person to bring action to enjoin law enforcement agency or public body from providing certain information to federal immigration authority, using agency resources to enforce immigration laws or failing to comply with other requirements. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to insurance; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires insurer that provides coverage for full replacement costs of damaged or destroyed property to allow insured not less than 12 months within which to repair, rebuild or replace damaged or lost property or, if damage or loss to property occurred in location subject to declaration of emergency and damage or loss is directly related to emergency, not less than 24 months. Requires insurer that provides coverage for full replacement costs of damaged or destroyed property to allow insured not less than 12 months within which to repair, rebuild or replace damaged or lost property or, if damage or loss to property occurred in location subject to declaration of emergency and damage or loss is directly related to emergency, not less than 24 months. Requires insurer to provide insured with additional living expenses for period of 24 months after date of damage to or loss of insured's primary dwelling if damage or loss occurred in location subject to declaration of emergency and damage or loss is directly related to emergency. Requires insurer to add time to allowable period for repairing, rebuilding or replacing damaged or lost property and for providing additional living expenses in increments of six months for total period of not more than 24 months for repairing, rebuilding or replacing damaged or lost property, or not more than 36 months if property was located in location that was subject to declaration of state of emergency, and not more than 36 months of additional living expenses. Requires policy of property insurance or casualty insurance that covers insured's dwelling to permit insured to combine payments up to policy limits for claims of damage to or loss of insured's primary dwelling and other structures and for any covered expenses necessary to rebuild or replace damaged or lost dwelling or other structure if policy limits are insufficient.] Provides that policy of homeowner insurance must require insurer to combine coverage limits that apply to claims for loss of insured's primary dwelling and claims for loss of other covered structures if loss occurs in location that was subject to declaration of emergency, loss is directly related to emergency and coverage limit that applies to insured's primary dwelling is insufficient to pay for rebuilding or replacing primary dwelling. Caps amount that insurer must pay under combined coverage limits. Requires insurer to provide insured with opportunity to obtain estimate of cost to repair, rebuild or replace damaged or lost property every other year at time insurer offers to renew insurance policy if insured provides information necessary for estimate. Prohibits policy of property insurance or casualty insurance from limiting or denying payment of replacement cost or building code upgrade cost for damaged or lost property on basis that insured has decided to rebuild or purchase existing structure in new location. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to booking photos.. Description: Prohibits law enforcement agency from releasing booking photo except in specified circumstances. Prohibits law enforcement agency from releasing booking photo except in specified circumstances. Requires publish-for-pay publication to remove and destroy booking photo upon request within specified time period. Prohibits publication from charging fee for removal and destruction of certain booking photos. Provides that publication is liable for fees, costs and statutory damages for failure to remove and destroy photo as required.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to permanently affordable owner-occupied housing; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Exempts land owned by eligible covenant holder that is burdened by affordable housing covenant, requiring affordability for at least 99 years, from ad valorem property taxation if improvements on land constitute owner-occupied housing. Exempts land owned by eligible covenant holder that is burdened by affordable housing covenant, requiring permanent] affordability for at least 99 years, from ad valorem property taxation if improvements on land constitute owner-occupied housing. Provides that 27 percent of real market] assessed value of owner-occupied condominium unit burdened by affordable housing covenant, requiring permanent] affordability for at least 99 years, is exempt from ad valorem property taxation. Allows exception to occupancy requirements for period of construction or rehabilitation of seven years, with three-year extension available. Provides clawback of property tax benefits for up to five years in cases where use or enforcement requirements are not complied with. Requires annual claim to be filed with county assessor. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to protecting the privacy of the personal health data of residents of this state; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits covered organization from collecting, using or disclosing personal health data about resident individual who has not given affirmative express consent for collection, use or disclosure unless in context of employment relationship or to comply with legal obligation, or unless personal health data was lawfully available to public from federal, state or local government records, was collected before emergency period for reasons other than tracking, monitoring or tracing resident individual's exposure to or infection by SARS-CoV-2 or COVID-19 or has been deidentified in accordance with federal law. Prohibits covered organization from collecting, using or disclosing personal health data about resident individual who has not given affirmative express consent for collection, use or disclosure unless in context of employment relationship or to comply with legal obligation, or unless personal health data was lawfully available to public from federal, state or local government records, was collected before emergency period for reasons other than tracking, monitoring or tracing resident individual's exposure to or infection by SARS-CoV-2 or COVID-19 or has been deidentified in accordance with federal law. Prohibits covered organization from retaining, storing or using personal health data and requires covered organization to destroy, delete or render inaccessible personal health data not later than specified dates unless personal health data consists of aggregations, statistical analyses, compilations or interpretations and covered organization takes reasonable measures to ensure that personal health data does not and cannot personally identify resident individual] deidentifies personal health data in accordance with federal law. Requires covered organization to collect, receive or use] collect, use, receive, process, examine, disclose or collate only personal health data only for specified purposes] that is reasonably necessary to provide services to resident individual and to provide resident individual with certain disclosures and ability to revoke affirmative express consent for collection, receipt or use of personal health data except in specified circumstances. Punishes violation of Act as unlawful trade practice. Sunsets Act 270 days after COVID-19 emergency period, as defined in Act, ends. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to elections.. Description: Requires ballots returned by mail to have postal indicator showing ballot was mailed not later than date of election and be received by county clerk not later than seven days after date of election. Requires Secretary of State to conduct study and analyze best practices for financing electoral campaigns. Requires secretary to develop recommendations regarding most effective method for financing electoral campaigns in Oregon.] Requires secretary to submit report to interim legislative committees detailing recommendations by September 15, 2022.] Sunsets January 2, 2023.] Requires ballots returned by mail to have postal indicator showing ballot was mailed not later than date of election and be received by county clerk not later than seven days after date of election. Moves quarterly election date from third Tuesday in September to fourth Tuesday in August. Allows county clerks to open and begin counting ballot upon receipt. Applies to elections held on or after January 1, 2022.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to water project community engagement.. Description: Authorizes provider of water project support to make support available to local organizations and local governments for purpose of developing local community engagement plans for water projects. Authorizes provider of water project support to make support available to local organizations and local governments for purpose of developing local community engagement plans for water projects. Allows provider to condition support for community engagement on local organization or local government use of provider-recognized best practices related to equitable and meaningful participation in water project planning and decision-making process. Requires provider of water project support to periodically coordinate with other providers to update and ensure uniform application of best practices regarding community engagement planning.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to feminine hygiene products in public schools; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires every public education provider to provide both tampons and sanitary pads at no cost to students. Requires every public education provider to provide both tampons and sanitary pads at no cost to students. Phases in requirement. Provides funding for costs incurred by public education provider. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to marijuana revenue; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies county eligibility requirements for transfer of moneys from Oregon Marijuana Account. Modifies city and] county eligibility requirements for transfer of moneys from marijuana revenue] Oregon Marijuana Account. Requires county to convene cannabis advisory panel before county adopts specified ordinance related to marijuana to be eligible for transfers of moneys. Creates exception to convening of county cannabis advisory panel before ordinance adoption for certain counties. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state highways in rural communities; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs Department of Transportation to provide progress report on implementation and utilization of recommendations identified in department's report titled "Blueprint for Urban Design." Requires department to submit report to Joint Committee on Transportation no later than September 15, 2022. Directs Department of Transportation to conduct study regarding impact of department's state highway regulations on rural downtown districts. Requires department to submit report on findings to appropriate committee of Legislative Assembly no later than September 15, 2022.] Directs Department of Transportation to provide progress report on implementation and utilization of recommendations identified in department's report titled "Blueprint for Urban Design." Requires department to submit report to Joint Committee on Transportation no later than September 15, 2022. Sunsets January 2, 2023. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to intergovernmental agreements; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Clarifies that intergovernmental entity may seek to obtain any benefits from any public or private entity that any unit of local government or American Indian tribe that is party to intergovernmental agreement may seek to obtain. Clarifies that intergovernmental entity may seek to obtain any benefits from any public or private entity that any unit of local government or American Indian tribe that is party to intergovernmental agreement may seek to obtain. Requires benefits sought to be used for purposes for which intergovernmental entity was created. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to use of land; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires, if certain conditions are met, Department of Land Conservation and Development to approve City of Bend's expansion of urban growth boundary to include specified lands and allows department to approve other land use regulations for those lands. Requires, if certain conditions are met, Department of Land Conservation and Development to approve City of Bend's expansion of urban growth boundary to include specified lands and allows department to approve other land use regulations for those lands. Sunsets provisions on January 2, 2030. Exempts dog training facilities from state structural specialty codes. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes Housing and Community Services Department to grant moneys to nonprofit organization for ADU community pilot programs that develop accessory dwelling units for income-eligible homeowners and that are available for lease by income-eligible tenants. Authorizes Housing and Community Services Department to grant moneys to nonprofit organization for ADU community pilot programs that develop accessory dwelling units for income-eligible homeowners and that are available for lease by income-eligible tenants. Sunsets January 2, 2024. Requires department to report on ADU community pilot programs to interim committee of Legislative Assembly no later than September 15, 2023. Appropriates moneys to department for grant to be awarded to Hacienda Community Development Corporation. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to retail sales agents.. Description: Specifies that agent appointed by Oregon Liquor Control Commission shall monthly deposit moneys and report receipts to commission from agent's retail sale of distilled liquor. Specifies that required deposit to Oregon Liquor Control Commission of moneys from retail sale of distilled liquor by appointed agent is determined by retail sales in cash] agent appointed by Oregon Liquor Control Commission shall monthly deposit moneys and report receipts to commission from agent's retail sale of distilled liquor.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to access to health care; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Renames Health Care for All Oregon Children program as Cover All People program and expands eligibility to adults who would qualify for Medicaid-funded state medical assistance program but for their immigration status. Renames Health Care for All Oregon Children program as Cover All People program and expands eligibility to adults who would qualify for Medicaid-funded state medical assistance program but for their immigration status. Allows Oregon Health Authority to restrict eligibility to specific categories or groups of individuals to stay within legislative appropriation for this biennium. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care expenditures; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to seek federal approval of amendment to state Medicaid demonstration project to permit coordinated care organizations to use portion of global budgets to improve health equity, improve overall health of community or enhance payments to providers who advance health equity or provide services improving overall health of community and to allow such expenditures to be counted as medical expenses in coordinated care organization's base medical budget and in calculation of global budget and flexible spending for given year. Requires Oregon Health Authority to seek federal approval of amendment to state Medicaid demonstration project to permit coordinated care organizations to use portion of global budgets to improve health equity, improve overall health of community or enhance payments to providers who advance health equity or provide services improving overall health of community and to allow such expenditures to be counted as medical expenses for purposes of required medical loss ratio] in coordinated care organization's base medical budget and in calculation of global budget and flexible spending for given year. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to educator preparation program standards.. Description: Directs Teacher Standards and Practices Commission to adopt standards for educator preparation programs relating to evaluations of teacher candidates. Directs Teacher Standards and Practices Commission to adopt standards for educator preparation programs relating to evaluations of teacher candidates.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to law enforcement officer identification; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Specifies identification required on uniforms of law enforcement officers working in crowd management in city with population over 60,000. Specifies identification required on uniforms of law enforcement officers working in crowd management in city with population over 150,000] 60,000. Exempts members of Oregon State Police. Directs law enforcement officers to provide identifying information upon request from member of public. Directs law enforcement agency to investigate identity of law enforcement officer when member of public provides certain information, and to provide requester with identity or explanation of why identification could not be performed within specified time. Becomes operative 90 days after effective date of Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to food delivery.. Description: Provides that third-party food platform may not take and arrange for delivery of order from food place without written consent of food place. Requires third-party food platform to enter into agreement with food place before arranging delivery of orders from food place or listing food place on application or website.] Provides that third-party food platform may not take and arrange for delivery of order from food place without written consent of food place.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to marijuana.. Description: Allows nurse to discuss medical use of marijuana with patient. Requires transfer of moneys from Oregon Marijuana Account to Oregon Health Authority for purposes of administering Oregon Medical Marijuana Program.] Allows nurse to discuss medical use of marijuana with patient. Specifies licensed health care providers who may recommend medical use of marijuana to registry identification cardholder. Removes requirement that registry identification cardholder or person responsible for marijuana grow site who does not own premises at which marijuana is produced obtain consent from property owner to produce marijuana at premises. Limits marijuana grow site registration card fee to $50. Exempts from tracking requirements marijuana produced at address used to produce marijuana for four or fewer registry identification cardholders.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to environmental quality; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes Department of Environmental Quality to require certain information related to history of compliance with environmental quality laws from applicant for license or permit. Authorizes Department of Environmental Quality to require certain information related to history of compliance with environmental quality laws from applicant for license or permit. Modifies authority of department to refuse to issue, modify, suspend, revoke or refuse to renew permit. Modifies authority of department to refuse to issue, suspend or revoke asbestos abatement license. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to taxpayers; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes office of Taxpayer Advocate in Department of Revenue. Establishes office of Taxpayer Advocate in Department of Revenue. Establishes functions, powers and duties of office. Authorizes Taxpayer Advocate to issue order directing action by department if taxpayer experiences significant hardship due to administration of tax laws by department. Requires Taxpayer Advocate to report biennially on operation of office to committee of Legislative Assembly related to revenue. Becomes operative January 1, 2022. Directs magistrate division of Oregon Tax Court to order attorney fees if opposing party disobeys court order or makes assertion without objectively reasonable basis. Allows attorney fees in cases involving transit self-employment taxes. Applies to judgments entered on or after effective date of Act. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to floating offshore wind energy; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes goal of planning for development of up to three gigawatts of floating offshore wind energy projects within federal waters off Oregon Coast by 2030. Establishes goal of planning for development of up to three gigawatts of commercial scale] floating offshore wind energy projects within federal waters off Oregon Coast by 2030. Establishes policy position of State of Oregon related to offshore energy research and development in federal waters off Oregon Coast. Establishes Task Force on Floating Offshore Wind Energy. Requires task force to develop floating offshore wind development strategic plan and to submit plan to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to energy no later than September 15, 2022. Sunsets December 31, 2022.] Directs State Department of Energy to conduct literature review on benefits and challenges of integrating up to three gigawatts of floating offshore wind energy into Oregon's electric grid by 2030. Directs department to submit report on findings to appropriate interim committees of Legislative Assembly no later than September 15, 2022. Sunsets January 2, 2023. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to crib bumper pads; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits manufacturing, retrofitting, selling, leasing, subletting or otherwise placing into stream of commerce any crib bumper pads or crib equipped with crib bumper pads. Prohibits manufacturing, retrofitting, selling, leasing, subletting or otherwise placing into stream of commerce any crib bumper pads or crib equipped with crib bumper pads. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unemployment insurance; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Extends look-back period used to determine Unemployment Compensation Trust Fund solvency level from 10 years to 20 years. Extends look-back period used to determine Unemployment Compensation Trust Fund solvency level from 10 years to 20 years. Provides that calendar years 2020 and 2021 may not be considered high benefit cost period for purposes of making determinations of solvency level of fund. Provides that employers' experience ratings used to determine 2020 unemployment insurance tax rates shall be used to determine rates for 2022, 2023 and 2024. Provides deferral of up to one-third of 2021 unemployment insurance taxes for employers whose tax rates increased by 0.5 percentage points or more from 2020 to 2021. Authorizes forgiveness of percentage of deferrable taxes according to tax rate increase brackets. Reduces fund adequacy percentages used to determine employer tax rate schedules. Broadens kinds of property that may be received for Unemployment Compensation Trust Fund. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to family medical leave benefits; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Delays implementation requirements for paid family and medical leave program. Delays implementation requirements for paid family and medical leave program. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Board of Accountancy; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Board of Accountancy. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Board of Accountancy. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Department of Administrative Services; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Department of Administrative Services for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Department of Administrative Services for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Commission for the Blind; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Commission for the Blind for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Commission for the Blind for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by commission. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Corrections; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Corrections for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Corrections for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Criminal Justice Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Criminal Justice Commission for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Criminal Justice Commission for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from certain lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by commission. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocations during biennium. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocations during biennium. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to specified state agencies for biennial expenses. Modifies certain biennial appropriations made from General Fund to specified state agencies. Limits biennial expenditures from specified moneys collected or received by specified state agencies. Modifies limitations on expenditures for certain biennial expenses for specified state agencies. Modifies certain biennial appropriations and expenditure limitations for biennium ending June 30, 2021. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021] on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Employment Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Employment Department for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Employment Department for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Appropriates moneys from certain federal funds to department for certain purposes. Appropriates moneys from Employment Department Special Administrative Fund for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from other federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Employment Relations Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Employment Relations Board for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Employment Relations Board for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by board. Limits biennial expenditures by board from moneys received from assessment against state agencies. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Department of Fish and Wildlife; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Fish and Wildlife for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Fish and Wildlife for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and federal funds from Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery Fund, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds for certain purposes. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Department of Geology and Mineral Industries; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Geology and Mineral Industries for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Geology and Mineral Industries for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and specified federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from other federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Housing and Community Services Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Housing and Community Services Department for biennial expenses and for debt service. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Housing and Community Services Department for biennial expenses and for debt service. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures by department from other federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Appropriates moneys to from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocation to department during biennium. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Judicial Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Judicial Department for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Judicial Department for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and reimbursements from federal service agreements, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to department for Oregon Law Commission, Council on Court Procedures, conciliation and mediation services in circuit courts, law libraries and Legal Services Program. Modifies certain biennial appropriation made from General Fund to department. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Commission on Judicial Fitness and Disability; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Commission on Judicial Fitness and Disability for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Commission on Judicial Fitness and Disability for biennial expenses. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Justice; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Justice for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Justice for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Bureau of Labor and Industries; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Bureau of Labor and Industries for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Bureau of Labor and Industries for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by bureau. Limits biennial expenditures by bureau from Wage Security Fund. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Limits biennial expenditures by bureau from federal funds. Limits biennial expenditures by bureau of certain lottery funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of legislative branch agencies; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Legislative Administration Committee, Legislative Assembly, Legislative Counsel Committee, Legislative Fiscal Officer, Legislative Revenue Officer, Commission on Indian Services and Legislative Policy and Research Committee for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Legislative Administration Committee, Legislative Assembly, Legislative Counsel Committee, Legislative Fiscal Officer, Legislative Revenue Officer, Commission on Indian Services and Legislative Policy and Research Committee for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by certain legislative branch agencies. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Library; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Library for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Library for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including certain Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Library. Limits biennial expenditures by State Library from assessment against state agencies. Limits biennial expenditures by State Library from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Liquor Control Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Liquor Control Commission. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Liquor Control Commission. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Long Term Care Ombudsman; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Long Term Care Ombudsman for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Long Term Care Ombudsman for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and federal Older Americans Act funds received from Department of Human Services, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by Long Term Care Ombudsman. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Marine Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Marine Board. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Marine Board. Limits biennial expenditures by board from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Medical Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Medical Board. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Medical Board. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon State Board of Nursing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon State Board of Nursing. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon State Board of Nursing. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Business Development Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Business Development Department for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Business Development Department for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds for certain purposes. Authorizes certain nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Health Authority; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Health Authority for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Health Authority for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, tobacco and marijuana tax receipts, beer and wine tax receipts, provider taxes and Medicare receipts, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by authority for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by authority from certain lottery moneys for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by authority from certain federal funds for certain purposes. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Limits biennial expenditures from Public Employees' Revolving Fund and Oregon Educators Revolving Fund for benefit plan premiums and self-insurance. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocation to authority during biennium. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Real Estate Agency; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Real Estate Agency. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Real Estate Agency. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Parks and Recreation Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Parks and Recreation Department for biennial expenses.] Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds for certain purposes. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by board. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Board of Pharmacy; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Pharmacy. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Pharmacy. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of State Police; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of State Police for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of State Police for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain moneys or other revenues allocated to Parks and Natural Resources Fund for certain purposes. Modifies certain biennial appropriation made from General Fund to department. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Psychiatric Security Review Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Psychiatric Security Review Board for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Psychiatric Security Review Board for biennial expenses. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Public Defense Services Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Public Defense Services Commission for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Public Defense Services Commission for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by commission. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocation to commission during biennium. Modifies certain General Fund appropriation made to commission. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Public Safety Standards and Training; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Public Safety Standards and Training for debt service. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Public Safety Standards and Training for debt service. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Public Utility Commission of Oregon; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Public Utility Commission of Oregon. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Public Utility Commission of Oregon. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Racing Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Racing Commission. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Racing Commission. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Teacher Standards and Practices Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by commission. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Teacher Standards and Practices Commission for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by commission. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Veterans' Affairs; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Veterans' Affairs for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Veterans' Affairs for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys for certain purposes. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and Oregon War Veterans' Bond Sinking Account, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board to allocate moneys from Watershed Conservation Operating Fund to various state agencies to implement Article XV, section 4b, of Oregon Constitution. Directs Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board to allocate moneys from Watershed Conservation Operating Fund to various state agencies to implement Article XV, section 4b, of Oregon Constitution. Limits biennial expenditures by board from federal funds and lottery funds. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by board. Directs board to establish by rule process for allocating available moneys in Natural Resources Subaccount of Parks and Natural Resources Fund. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits expenditures of lottery funds from Watershed Conservation Grant Fund for local grant expenditures by Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board for six-year period beginning July 1, 2021. Limits expenditures of lottery funds from Watershed Conservation Grant Fund for local grant expenditures by Oregon Watershed Enhancement Board for six-year period beginning July 1, 2021. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Youth Authority; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Youth Authority for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Youth Authority for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by authority. Limits biennial expenditures by authority from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies amounts of lottery moneys allocated from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Modifies amounts of lottery moneys allocated from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund. Modifies amounts of lottery moneys allocated from Veterans' Services Fund. Modifies amounts allocated from Criminal Fine Account. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021] on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits for six-year period beginning July 1, 2019, payment of expenses for construction of Camp Umatilla barracks facilities from federal funds collected or received by Oregon Military Department. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Limits for six-year period beginning July 1, 2019, payment of expenses for construction of Camp Umatilla barracks facilities from federal funds collected or received by Oregon Military Department. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021] on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies certain appropriations from General Fund to specified state agencies and Emergency Board for biennium ending June 30, 2021. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Modifies certain appropriations from General Fund to specified state agencies and Emergency Board for biennium ending June 30, 2021. Modifies certain limitations on expenditures for specified state agencies for biennium ending June 30, 2021. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to specified state agencies for specified purposes for biennium ending June 30, 2021. Limits biennial expenditures of specified agencies from specified moneys for biennium ending June 30, 2021. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021] on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies certain biennial appropriations from General Fund to Department of Human Services and Oregon Health Authority for biennium ending June 30, 2021. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Modifies certain biennial appropriations from General Fund to Department of Human Services and Oregon Health Authority for biennium ending June 30, 2021. Modifies certain limitations on expenditures for department and authority for biennium ending June 30, 2021. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021] on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to proton beam therapy.. Description: Prohibits insurers from imposing prior authorization or other utilization review requirements on coverage of proton beam therapy for prostate cancer that are more restrictive than prior authorization or utilization review requirements applied to coverage of radiation therapy. Prohibits insurers from imposing prior authorization or other utilization review requirements on coverage of proton beam therapy for prostate cancer that do not apply to] are more restrictive than prior authorization or utilization review requirements applied to coverage of radiation therapy.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to medical transports.. Description: Requires health benefit plans to cover emergency medical services transports. Requires health benefit plans to cover emergency medical services transports.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Region housing; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows counties to partition and rezone up to 200 acres of lands within Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Region from exclusive farm use to residential uses. Allows counties to partition and rezone up to 200 acres of lands within Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Region from exclusive farm use to residential uses. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to youth with specialized needs; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs System of Care Advisory Council to appoint executive director. Directs Oregon Health Authority to study and make recommendations for improving coordination of youth mental health services among state agencies. Requires authority to submit report on findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly no later than September 15, 2022.] Sunsets January 2, 2023.] Directs System of Care Advisory Council to appoint executive director. Authorizes executive director to employ staff. Modifies council's reporting requirements. Directs council, Department of Human Services and Oregon Health Authority to submit biennial joint report regarding expenditures on state system of care services and supports to interim committee of Legislative Assembly. Modifies council's authority and duties. Clarifies council's authority to direct expenditures of moneys appropriated or otherwise made available for purpose of supporting duties of council. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to student athletes; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Permits students participating in intercollegiate sports to earn compensation for use of name, image or likeness and to retain professional representation or athlete agent. Permits students participating in intercollegiate sports to earn compensation for use of name, image or likeness and to retain professional representation or athlete agent. Prohibits student from entering contract for use of name, image or likeness that conflicts with team rules or contract between post-secondary institution of education and third party, except that team rules and contract between post-secondary institution of education and third party may not prevent student from earning compensation for use of name, image or likeness when not engaged in official team activities or from use of social media when engaged in official team activities]. Prohibits student athlete from retaining professional representative or athlete agent who represented post-secondary institution of education at any time in preceding four years. Requires merchandising agreement that covers intercollegiate sports team that includes royalty payments to also include royalty payments to current members of team and royalty payments plus premium to current or former member of team whose name, image or likeness is used.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to land use planning for housing.. Description: Requires local governments to allow development of certain affordable housing on lands not zoned for residential uses. Requires local governments to allow development of certain affordable housing on lands not zoned for residential uses. Allows establishment of certain affordable housing at increased density. Expands availability of attorney fees for applicants developing affordable housing and local governments prevailing at Land Use Board of Appeals or on appeal from board.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to animal feed fees; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Amends fee cap for registration of commercial feed brand. Amends fee cap for registration of commercial feed brand. Amends fee cap for animal feed manufacturing plant license. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Department of Corrections institutions; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires state to offer to transfer title and assets of Warner Creek Correctional Facility to Lake County if closed. Requires state to offer to transfer title and assets of Warner Creek Correctional Facility to Lake County if closed. Authorizes county to rezone institution land by ordinance. Requires state to offer to transfer title of] Allows Department of Corrections to partition and, at department's discretion, to sell, lease or otherwise dispose of property adjacent to Two Rivers Correctional Institution to Port of Umatilla]. Sunsets January 2, 2024. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Secretary of State's disposition of revenue from business registry filings.. Description: Directs Secretary of State to deposit to General Fund proceeds of fees, charges, interest, fines, penalties and miscellaneous revenues collected in performance of Secretary of State's business registry functions, after deducting and depositing to Operating Account expenses of carrying out Secretary of State's business registry duties and amount necessary to maintain reasonable reserve fund. Increases amount of revenue from business registry filings that Secretary of State dedicates to operations of office of Secretary of State from $20 per filing to $25 per filing.] Directs Secretary of State to deposit to General Fund proceeds of fees, charges, interest, fines, penalties and miscellaneous revenues collected in performance of Secretary of State's business registry functions, after deducting and depositing to Operating Account expenses of carrying out Secretary of State's business registry duties and amount necessary to maintain reasonable reserve fund.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to appraisal management companies; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to appraisal management companies. Modifies provisions relating to appraisal management companies. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to elections; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires that cover sheet of state, county, district and city initiatives list city and state of residence for chief petitioners, rather than residence address of chief petitioners. Requires that cover sheet of state, county, district and city initiatives list city and state of residence for chief petitioners, rather than residence address of chief petitioners. Requires notice of election for members of district board to be delivered to newspaper for printing, rather than be printed, no later than 40 days before filing deadline. Allows elections officer to post notice on county website in lieu of printing notice in newspaper. Clarifies requirements regarding notice of ballot measure election and ballot title for district ballot measures. Clarifies that certificate of nomination by individual electors must contain number of signatures of electors cast in relevant electoral district at last presidential election. Establishes signature requirement for certificate of nomination made by individual electors following change in boundaries of electoral district. Removes vector control districts from definition of district for purposes of special district elections. Alters procedures for hearing on whether to impose civil penalty for failing to properly file campaign finance statements. Clarifies that certain campaign finance statements may be filed electronically. Revises statutes to make clear that county clerk or other filing officer is not required to provide secrecy envelope for ballot if Secretary of State has approved alternative procedure to ensure secrecy. Authorizes county clerk to begin tallying any ballot received upon receipt of ballot. Requires each sheet of recall petition to include city and state of residence of chief petitioner, rather than address of chief petitioner. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Enterprise Information Services.. Description: Changes name of office of State Chief Information Officer to office of Enterprise Information Services. Changes name of office of State Chief Information Officer to office of Enterprise Information Services.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to livestock; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Changes amounts or amount caps for various fees related to livestock branding and feedlot licensing. Changes amounts or amount caps for various fees related to livestock branding and feedlot licensing. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to food safety program fees; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes State Department of Agriculture to establish additional food safety program license fees for fiscal years beginning July 1, 2022, and July 1, 2023. Authorizes State Department of Agriculture to establish additional food safety program license fees for fiscal years beginning July 1, 2022, and July 1, 2023. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Oregon State Board of Nursing; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Amends definition of "practice of nursing." Changes deadline for renewal of nursing licenses and nurses' authority to prescribe. Amends definition of "practice of nursing." Changes deadline for renewal of nursing licenses and nurses' authority to prescribe. Removes references to "noninjectable medication." Clarifies controlled substances that authorized nurse may prescribe. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to nursing education; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires clinical component in nursing education for licensure by indorsement. Requires clinical component in nursing education for licensure by indorsement. Allows Oregon State Board of Nursing to define "clinical component" by rule. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to employees of the State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Adds officer who is certified as parole and probation officer and is employed full-time by State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision to definition of "parole and probation officer." Declares emergency, effective on passage. Provides that certification of person employed by State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision does not lapse if person meets certain requirements.] Adds officer who is certified as parole and probation officer and is employed full-time by State Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision to definition of "parole and probation officer." Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to permitted exclusions in life insurance policies; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Prohibits life insurance policies from excluding coverage for loss of life that results from terrorism. Prohibits life insurance policies from excluding coverage for loss of life that results from terrorism. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to an insurer's treatment of claims under a disability insurance policy; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires insurer that issues or renews disability income insurance policy in this state to establish, maintain and follow certain procedures with respect to claims, determinations of claims that are adverse to claimant, appeals of determinations, communications with claimant and related operations. Requires insurer that issues or renews disability income insurance policy in this state to establish, maintain and follow certain procedures with respect to claims, determinations of claims that are adverse to claimant, appeals of determinations, communications with claimant and related operations. Becomes operative on January 1, 2022] 2023. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pretrial release.. Description: Directs presiding judge in each judicial district to enter standing pretrial release orders. Directs presiding judge in each judicial district to enter standing pretrial release orders. Directs Chief Justice of Supreme Court to establish guidelines for order. Directs release assistance officers to make reasonable efforts to contact victim concerning release when defendant is charged with certain offenses. Requires magistrate to make release decision at arraignment or first appearance except in specified circumstances. Directs district attorney to make reasonable efforts to inform victim of time and place of appearance. Requires magistrate to find that release on personal recognizance is unwarranted before considering conditional release, and requires magistrate to find that conditional release is unwarranted before considering security release. Repeals minimum bail amounts for persons charged with Ballot Measure 11 (1994) crimes and certain methamphetamine offenses. Authorizes court to receive copy of booking photo as part of pretrial release process. Appropriates moneys to Judicial Department for purpose of implementing Act.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to interpersonal boundary invasions affecting youth; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Removes designation of Department of Education as education provider of certain programs for purposes of provisions related to reports of suspected abuse or suspected sexual conduct. Removes designation of Department of Education as education provider of certain programs for purposes of provisions related to reports of suspected abuse or suspected sexual conduct. Modifies investigatory procedures for department upon receipt of reports of suspected sexual conduct. Expands eligibility of persons who can be designated as licensed administrator for purposes of receiving and responding to reports of suspected abuse or suspected sexual conduct. Allows department to share information received by department related to reports of abuse in certain circumstances and under certain restrictions. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to a statewide education plan; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Education to develop and implement statewide education plan for students who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, two-spirit, intersex, asexual, nonbinary or another minority gender identity or gender orientation. Directs Department of Education to develop and implement statewide education plan for students who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, two-spirit, intersex, asexual, nonbinary or another minority gender identity or gender orientation. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to special education regional programs; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Updates terminology and funding provisions related to special education programs provided on local, county or regional basis. Updates terminology and funding provisions related to special education programs provided on local, county or regional basis. Directs Department of Education to conduct study related to special education programs provided on local, county or regional basis and to report results of study to interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to education. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Youth Development Council; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Updates terminology for Youth Development Council to match changes in federal law. Updates terminology for Youth Development Council to match changes in federal law. Clarifies council's duties related to local high-risk juvenile crime prevention plans. Removes waiver process for Deschutes County related to ages of youth served by council. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to hazardous waste fees; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies fees for disposal of hazardous wastes. Modifies fees for disposal of hazardous wastes. Authorizes Department of Environmental Quality, in consultation with Environmental Quality Commission, to adjust established fees for disposal of hazardous waste. Becomes operative on January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to charges imposed by the Department of Environmental Quality.. Description: Authorizes Department of Environmental Quality to add fee to credit card transactions. Authorizes Department of Environmental Quality to add fee to credit card transactions. Allows department to establish and collect surcharge on invoices generated by environmental data management system. Appropriates surcharge moneys to department for maintenance and operation of system. Becomes operative on January 1, 2022.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Columbia River Fisheries Enhancement Fund; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Extends sunset on Columbia River Fisheries Enhancement Fund. Eliminates] Extends sunset on Columbia River Fisheries Enhancement Fund. Eliminates] Extends sunset on State Fish and Wildlife Commission authority to charge for endorsements to certain Columbia Basin fishing licenses and deposit endorsement moneys to fund. Makes] Extends sunset on youth license and pioneer license exemptions from endorsement charges permanent]. Provides that commission may not require or collect endorsement charges under certain circumstances. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to timeline for evaluating potential government ethics violations.. Description: Extends period for Oregon Government Ethics Commission to complete Preliminary Review Phase of alleged violation of ethics laws from 30 calendar days to 60 calendar days. Extends period for Oregon Government Ethics Commission to complete Preliminary Review Phase of alleged violation of ethics laws from 30 calendar days to 60 calendar days.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to advice offered by Oregon Government Ethics Commission.. Description: Authorizes Oregon Government Ethics Commission to provide written commission advisory opinions, staff advisory opinions and oral or written staff advice on application of executive session provisions of Oregon public meetings law. Authorizes Oregon Government Ethics Commission to provide written commission advisory opinions, staff advisory opinions and oral or written staff advice on application of executive session provisions of Oregon public meetings law. Grants specified safe harbor provisions to persons who rely in good faith on commission opinions or advice.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to payment of civil penalties imposed by Oregon Government Ethics Commission.. Description: Prohibits current or former public official from soliciting, receiving or using public moneys from public body to pay or make payments on civil penalty imposed by Oregon Government Ethics Commission. Prohibits current or former public official from soliciting, receiving or using public moneys from public body to pay or make payments on civil penalty imposed by Oregon Government Ethics Commission.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to composition of Oregon Government Ethics Commission.. Description: Extends maximum amount of time person may serve as member of Oregon Government Ethics Commission from one full four-year term to two full four-year terms. Extends maximum amount of time person may serve as member of Oregon Government Ethics Commission from one full four-year term to two full four-year terms.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public health; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Creates exemption to prohibition on person under 21 years of age entering establishment where tobacco products or inhalant delivery systems are sold for purposes of investigating violations. Creates exemption to prohibition on person under 21 years of age entering establishment where tobacco products or inhalant delivery systems are sold for purposes of investigating violations. Expands prohibition against uncertified performance of lead-based paint activities and renovation. Specifies that moneys related to prescription monitoring program be deposited in Oregon Health Authority Fund. Provides for Oregon Health Authority management of local public health when local public health authority responsibility is transferred to Oregon Health Authority. Provides that local public health administrator serves as ex officio member on vector control district board of trustees. Requires Oregon Health Authority to select up to 10 recipients for grants to provide school-based health services. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health insurance; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Transfers duties, functions and powers related to COFA Premium Assistance Program and health insurance exchange from Department of Consumer and Business Services to Oregon Health Authority on June 30, 2021. Transfers duties, functions and powers related to COFA Premium Assistance Program and health insurance exchange from Department of Consumer and Business Services to Oregon Health Authority on June 30, 2021. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to disparities in health outcomes for communities impacted by discrimination; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Defines "regional health equity coalition" and "regional health equity coalition model." Requires Oregon Health Authority to work with regional health equity coalitions. Defines "regional health equity coalition" and "regional health equity coalition model." Requires Oregon Health Authority to work with regional health equity coalitions. Appropriates moneys to fund additional grants for organizations seeking to build regional health equity coalitions and to provide additional staff support.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to mental health.. Description: Modifies circumstances in which physician or provider may disregard principal's wishes regarding mental health treatment to include when principal is extremely dangerous person committed to Oregon Health Authority. Modifies circumstances in which physician or provider may disregard principal's wishes regarding mental health treatment to include when principal is extremely dangerous person committed to Oregon Health Authority. Provides that cost-of-care rate for person in Oregon State Hospital include costs of outpatient services.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to financial aid for higher education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Permits Higher Education Coordinating Commission to use moneys from Oregon Opportunity Grant program to pay for scholarships for children of public safety officers if other sources of money are insufficient to fully fund scholarships. Permits Higher Education Coordinating Commission to use moneys from Oregon Opportunity Grant program to pay for scholarships for children of public safety officers if other sources of money are insufficient to fully fund scholarships. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Higher Education Coordinating Commission.. Description: Moves program that funds pilot projects in architecture, construction trades and engineering for high school juniors and seniors from Office of Community Colleges and Workforce Development to Higher Education Coordinating Commission. Moves program that funds pilot projects in architecture, construction trades and engineering for high school juniors and seniors from Office of Community Colleges and Workforce Development to Higher Education Coordinating Commission. Replaces Oregon Volunteers Commission for Voluntary Action and Service with OregonServes Commission. Designates OregonServes Commission as AmeriCorps service commission for Oregon. Establishes purposes and composition of OregonServes Commission. Replaces references to Corporation for National and Community Service with AmeriCorps. Enhances actions that may be taken by program director of Oregon Youth Corps. Changes from December 1 to January 1 annual date by which Higher Education Coordinating Commission must submit report on Oregon National Career Readiness Certification Program. Repeals Oregon Volunteer and Community Service Act. Prohibits community college from awarding certificates or associate degrees relating to emergency medical services unless college program leading to degree meets standards for accreditation established by Higher Education Coordinating Commission. Repeals statutes relating to screening of volunteers by Oregon Volunteers Commission for Voluntary Action and Service.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing disparities.. Description: Authorizes Housing and Community Services Department to provide grants and technical assistance to organizations increasing homeownership program access to persons of color. Authorizes Housing and Community Services Department to provide grants and loans to individuals for down payment assistance and grants, loans] and technical assistance to organizations increasing homeownership program access to persons of color. Allows department to define "persons of color" by rule. Authorizes expending Home Ownership Assistance Account funds for those purposes.] Makes Oregon Housing Fund and subaccounts available to federally recognized Indian tribes that own land in this state. Amends uses of Home Ownership Assistance Account.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to youth diversion.. Description: Modifies provisions of law relating to youth diversion plan. Modifies provisions of law relating to youth diversion plan. Directs Oregon Youth Authority to collaborate with county juvenile departments regarding youth diversion.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to preference given to veterans in public employment.. Description: Modifies laws relating to preference given to veterans in public employment. Modifies laws relating to preference given to veterans in public employment.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to children; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies family-based group home placements to permit respite time for providers. Modifies family-based group home placements to permit respite time for providers. Modifies direction to Department of Human Services regarding development of process for review of out-of-state placements. Permits secure transportation of child without department employee in certain emergencies. Modifies provisions of law relating to placement of juvenile offenders in out-of-state child-caring agencies. Permits placement of wards 18 years of age or older in certain facilities. Modifies description of residential treatment program. Modifies certain requirements for reports of out-of-state placements. Directs department to submit annual reports for two years to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to human services regarding certain children or wards placed in temporary lodgings. Declares that person may not be disqualified from service as child welfare service provider based on certain traits. Declares that child, ward or youth may not be prohibited from, disciplined for or retaliated against for publicly or privately speaking about child's, ward's or youth's experience receiving child welfare services. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to licensing of residential facilities.. Description: Authorizes licensing agency to revoke, suspend, impose conditions on or refuse to renew license to operate residential training facility or residential training home under specified conditions and to consider performance and experience of applicant or licensee in other states or jurisdictions. Authorizes licensing agency to revoke, suspend, impose conditions on or refuse to renew license to operate residential training facility or residential training home under specified conditions and to consider performance and experience of applicant or licensee in other states or jurisdictions. Requires agency to adopt rules for imposition of conditions.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to community developmental disabilities programs.. Description: Corrects statutory cross-references to community developmental disabilities programs. Corrects statutory cross-references to community developmental disabilities programs.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to developmental disabilities residential facilities.. Description: Modifies definition of "developmental disabilities residential facility.". Modifies definition of "developmental disabilities residential facility."
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public disclosure; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Exempts from public disclosure addresses of individuals with intellectual or developmental disabilities residing in adult foster homes, residential training facilities or residential training homes, unless public interest requires disclosure in particular instance. Exempts from public disclosure addresses of individuals with intellectual or developmental disabilities residing in adult foster homes, residential training facilities or residential training homes, unless public interest requires disclosure in particular instance. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Child-Caring Agencies Account.. Description: Converts Child-Caring Agencies Fund into account in General Fund of State Treasury. Converts Child-Caring Agencies Fund into account in General Fund of State Treasury.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the State Landscape Contractors Board.. Description: Changes design requirement for practical skills tests offered by State Landscape Contractors Board. Changes design requirement for practical skills tests offered by State Landscape Contractors Board. Deletes requirement that board provide physical location for practical skills testing. Deletes requirement that board conduct practical skills test within eight-hour period on single day. Requires that board class on landscape contracting business practices be offered at least once every 12 months.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to cannabis; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes Oregon Liquor Control Commission to regulate testing and labeling of inhalant delivery systems that include industrial hemp-derived vapor items. Defines "cannabinoids" for purpose of inhalant delivery systems. Authorizes Oregon Health Authority to consult with Oregon Liquor Control Commission on adoption of rules related to inhalant delivery systems containing cannabinoids.] Authorizes Oregon Liquor Control Commission to regulate testing and labeling of inhalant delivery systems that contain cannabinoids derived from industrial hemp] include industrial hemp-derived vapor items. Defines "industrial hemp-derived vapor item." Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to confidentiality of complaints to the office of the Long Term Care Ombudsman.. Description: Prohibits Residential Facilities Ombudsman, designee of ombudsman or staff of ombudsman from being compelled to testify or produce documents related to complaint in any judicial or administrative proceeding. Prohibits Residential Facilities Ombudsman, designee of ombudsman or staff of ombudsman from being compelled to testify or produce documents related to complaint in any judicial or administrative proceeding. Protects records from compelled disclosure by any legal means. Specifies exceptions.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Board of Medical Imaging; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes Board of Medical Imaging to issue letter of reprimand or impose probation for purposes of discipline. Authorizes Board of Medical Imaging to issue letter of reprimand or impose probation for purposes of discipline. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Board of Medical Imaging; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows Board of Medical Imaging designee to perform inspections related to medical imaging and X-ray machines. Allows Board of Medical Imaging designee to perform inspections related to medical imaging and X-ray machines. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to subpoena authority of Board of Medical Imaging; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows Board of Medical Imaging to issue subpoena over signature of board executive director when conducting investigation. Allows Board of Medical Imaging to issue subpoena over signature of board executive director when conducting investigation. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to educational grants for members of the Oregon National Guard.. Description: Modifies eligibility requirements and grant amounts for educational grants to members of Oregon National Guard. Modifies eligibility requirements and grant amounts for educational grants to members of Oregon National Guard. Authorizes Higher Education Coordinating Commission to modify eligibility requirements or decrease grant amounts based on availability of funding.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to animal emergency operations planning.. Description: Transfers duty to prepare written animal emergency operations plan from Office of Emergency Management to State Department of Agriculture. Transfers duty to prepare written animal emergency operations plan from Office of Emergency Management to State Department of Agriculture. Requires department to cooperate with Department of Human Services in developing plan.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to critical service providers.. Description: Authorizes Office of Emergency Management to establish programs, or authorize certain private entities to establish programs, to credential individuals as critical service providers. Authorizes Office of Emergency Management to establish programs, or authorize certain private entities to establish programs, to credential individuals as critical service providers. Provides that critical service providers may access certain geographic areas and certain supplies to perform specified functions during states of emergency.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public employee retirement; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that common law employees are employees for purposes of Public Employees Retirement System. Provides that common law employees are employees for purposes of Public Employees Retirement System. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public employee retirement; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that Public Employees Retirement Board may charge participating public employer accrued earnings for late payment of employee and employer contributions to individual account program. Provides that Public Employees Retirement Board may charge participating public employer accrued earnings for late payment of employee and employer contributions to individual account program. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to procurement by the Department of Public Safety Standards and Training; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Clarifies procurement authority of Department of Public Safety Standards and Training. Clarifies procurement authority of Department of Public Safety Standards and Training. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to private security providers.. Description: Provides that it is unlawful for private security provider or entity that employs private security providers to possess or use equipment, vehicles, uniforms or titles that imply affiliation with public or private safety agency. Provides that it is unlawful for private security provider or entity that employs private security providers to possess or use equipment, vehicles, uniforms or titles that imply affiliation with public or private safety agency. Exempts certain campus security providers.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pipeline safety enforcement.. Description: Authorizes Public Utility Commission to set by rule certain civil penalty amounts, not to exceed civil penalties set by applicable federal law. Authorizes Public Utility Commission to set by rule certain civil penalty amounts, not to exceed civil penalties set by applicable federal law.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to charitable contributions of art objects; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires taxpayer-creator to obtain appraisal report to substantiate fair market value of art object for purpose of subtraction allowed for donation of art object. Requires taxpayer-creator to obtain appraisal report to substantiate fair market value of art object for purpose of subtraction allowed for donation of art object. Eliminates requirement that taxpayer-creator submit appraisal report with tax return. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to calculation of interest on refunds paid by Department of Revenue; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Aligns direction to Department of Revenue to pay interest on certain tax refunds with other tax refund provisions and with current systems and processes. Aligns direction to Department of Revenue to pay interest on certain tax refunds with other tax refund provisions and with current systems and processes. Provides for uniform 45-day grace period. Applies to tax refunds owing as of January 1, 2018. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to membership of the State Board of Examiners for Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Adds certified speech-language pathology assistant to membership of State Board of Examiners for Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology. Adds certified speech-language pathology assistant to membership of State Board of Examiners for Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to expanding estuarine research reserve management area.. Description: Allows Department of State Lands to expand estuarine research reserve management area to include other lands acquired by department connected to Coos Bay estuary. Allows Department of State Lands to expand estuarine research reserve management area to include other lands acquired by department connected to Coos Bay estuary. Updates references for name change of federal Office for Coastal Management.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to moneys collected by the Teacher Standards and Practices Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Increases maximum allowed fee Teacher Standards and Practices Commission can impose for reinstatement of license that has been suspended or revoked for gross neglect of duty or gross unfitness. Increases maximum allowed fee Teacher Standards and Practices Commission can impose for reinstatement of license that has been suspended or revoked for gross neglect of duty or gross unfitness. Authorizes commission to establish and collect certain fees related to educator preparation providers , educator preparation provider programs, school districts, public charter schools and education service districts]. Sunsets authority to impose fees on January 1, 2026. Allows commission to receive reasonable attorney fees and costs upon prevailing at hearing conducted related to disciplinary action.] Authorizes commission to impose civil penalty in addition to any disciplinary action taken by commission.] Transfers moneys from National Board Certification Fund to Teacher Standards and Practices Commission Account. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to delaying the sunsetting of a pilot project regarding temporary transfers of place of use within an irrigation district.. Description: Delays sunset for pilot program allowing participating irrigation districts to change place of use for water within district boundaries without applying for temporary transfer. Delays sunset for pilot program allowing participating irrigation districts to change place of use for water within district boundaries without applying for temporary transfer.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to investigations of deaths.. Description: Adds supervisors of youth correction facilities and juvenile community supervision officers to list of professionals required to make notification of death and cooperate in investigation of death by providing records and other materials. Adds supervisors of youth correction facilities and juvenile community supervision officers to list of professionals required to make notification of death and cooperate in investigation of death by providing records and other materials. Requires cooperation with both medical examiner and medical-legal death investigator.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to juvenile records.. Description: Authorizes Oregon Youth Authority to photograph and fingerprint youth offender if photograph and fingerprint records and files are not provided to youth authority. Authorizes Oregon Youth Authority to photograph and fingerprint youth offender if photograph and fingerprint records and files are not provided to youth authority. Modifies fingerprint and photograph records and files retention requirements.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to victims in juvenile cases.. Description: Places limits on admissibility of facilitated dialogue and responsibility letter bank programs for youth offenders and persons temporarily assigned to youth correction facilities. Places limits on admissibility of facilitated dialogue and responsibility letter bank programs for youth offenders and persons temporarily assigned to youth correction facilities. Authorizes Oregon Youth Authority to disclose certain information to victim at victim's request or when youth authority seeks information from victim to inform case plan or about potential impact of authorizing parole of youth offender. Authorizes juvenile court or] district attorney to provide victim, pursuant to protective order, with copy of written waiver findings and determination.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to limits on disclosure of youth records.. Description: Creates exemption to disclosure of information or records regarding certain youth participating in Oregon Youth Authority programs or treatment. Creates exemption to disclosure of information or records regarding certain youth participating in Oregon Youth Authority programs or treatment.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to child abuse investigation records.. Description: Authorizes disclosure of child abuse investigation reports and records to Oregon Youth Authority. Authorizes disclosure of child abuse investigation reports and records to Oregon Youth Authority. Permits Oregon Youth Authority and Department of Corrections to disclose records to certain persons for purposes of second look hearing.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to tax treatment of broadcasters; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires use of taxpayer's audience or subscribers in determining numerator of apportionment factor for broadcasting sales, for purposes of corporate excise taxation. Requires use of taxpayer's audience or subscribers in determining numerator of apportionment factor for broadcasting sales, for purposes of corporate excise taxation. Establishes requirements for calculating audience- or subscriber-based numerator and denominator. Provides percentage-based apportionment formula for receipts related to subscription services. Allows election to use methodology based on audience or subscribers for total gross receipts of taxpayer engaged in broadcasting. Repeals special apportionment statutes applicable to income of interstate broadcasters, for purposes of corporate excise taxation. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2020. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to taxation; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Reduces elective reduced personal income tax rates allowed for certain pass-through income by modifying income brackets. Reduces amount of income eligible for] elective reduced personal income tax rate] rates allowed for certain pass-through income by modifying income brackets. Excludes income attributable to certain types of trade or business from eligibility for reduced rate.] Conditions allowance of rates on partnership or S corporation meeting either requirement of ratio of nonowner employees to owners or of percentage limitation on distributions, based on ordinary business income of partnership or S corporation. Exempts entity with ordinary business income not exceeding $250,000. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2021. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to vertical housing development projects; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Makes percentage of partial property tax exemption for property of vertical housing development projects proportional to allocation of floor area to residential housing or low income residential housing, without rounding up or down. Makes percentage of partial property tax exemption for property of vertical housing development projects proportional to allocation of equalized floors] floor area to residential housing or low income residential housing, without rounding up or down. Clarifies terminology used for computations of partial property tax exemption. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to solar projects; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Extends sunset of program under which property constituting solar project may be exempt and instead pay fee in lieu of property taxes. Extends sunset of program under which property constituting solar project may be exempt and instead pay fee in lieu of property taxes. Provides that agreement between county and owner or person in possession or control of solar project must indicate property tax treatment of land on which solar project is located and set rate of fee within range of $5,500 to $7,000 per megawatt of nameplate capacity. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to corporate activity tax; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies provisions of corporate activity tax. Modifies provisions of corporate activity tax. Allows taxpayer to use annual accounting period used for federal income tax purposes as corporate activity tax year, instead of calendar year. Requires filing of short year tax return for tax year transition during calendar year 2021. Expands exemption for grocery sales to include groceries held by consignee store operator] receipts of person that owns groceries at time of sale and certain consignee compensation. Expands exemption for motor vehicle dealer transactions to include all new vehicle exchanges between franchised motor vehicle dealerships. Expands exception allowing vehicle dealer to collect estimated portion of tax from purchaser to include collection from lessee. Provides that foreign or alien insurance company subject to retaliatory tax is excluded person for purposes of corporate activity tax. Adjusts filing deadline provisions. Removes redundant citation to statutory penalty provisions. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2022] 2021. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to racing.. Description: Establishes annual payments to be made by race meet operators that conduct mutuel wagering on horse races previously held. Establishes annual payments to be made by race meet operators that conduct mutuel wagering on horse races previously held. Establishes allowable uses for portions of such payments. Establishes restrictions on wagering on animal races that were previously held.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to noncompetition agreements.. Description: Modifies requirements for enforceable noncompetition agreement. Modifies requirements for enforceable noncompetition agreement. Makes noncompliant agreement void. Limits term of noncompetition agreement to 12 months. Modifies definition of "noncompetition agreement."
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unemployment insurance benefits; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes Director of Employment Department to deduct less than 100 percent of individual's future weekly unemployment benefits for overpayments due to individual's fault. Authorizes Director of Employment Department to deduct less than 100 percent of individual's future weekly unemployment benefits for overpayments due to individual's fault. Limits collection period to five years following week in which erroneous payment finally established, except in case of fraud. Authorizes director to deduct less than 100 percent of individual's future weekly unemployment benefits for overpayments not due to individual's fault. Specifies contents of notices of recovery. Authorizes director to waive recovery of all or any part of overpaid benefits, except in case of fraud. Provides that waiver extinguishes individual's liability for waived amount. Provides that back pay shall be considered earnings in determining benefits payable to individual for period for which back pay has been or is paid. Prohibits reduction of back pay paid or awarded to individual to reflect unemployment benefits that individual received during period for which back pay was paid or awarded. Provides exception to disqualification for unemployment benefits for reasons related to bias crime, to reflect changes in name and elements of crime. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to address confidentiality on records kept by the Department of Transportation.. Description: Allows certain assistant attorneys general to use employment address on certain records maintained by Department of Transportation. Allows certain assistant attorneys general to use employment address on certain records maintained by Department of Transportation.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to abuse.. Description: Creates exceptions to certain privileges in abuse proceedings. Creates exceptions to certain privileges in abuse proceedings.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to hearsay; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that proponent of certain hearsay statements is not required to issue material witness order or seek sanctions for contempt in order to show unavailability of declarant. Establishes exception to prohibition against hearsay evidence, regardless of availability of witness, for certain statements offered against party who engaged in conduct preventing declarant from testifying or causing declarant to refuse to appear or testify.] Provides that proponent of certain hearsay statements is not required to issue material witness order or seek sanctions for contempt in order to show unavailability of declarant. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to notifications required upon making payments to settle third-party liability claims.. Description: Requires insurer to notify claimant upon paying $5,000 or more to settle third-party liability claim if claimant is natural person and if insurer or insurer's agent or other representative, including insurer's attorney, delivers payment to claimant or to claimant's attorney, agent or other representative by draft, check or other form of payment. Requires insurer to notify claimant upon paying $5,000 or more to settle third-party liability claim if claimant is natural person and if insurer or insurer's agent or other representative, including insurer's attorney, delivers payment to claimant or to claimant's attorney, agent or other representative by draft, check or other form of payment. Provides that notice may not include more than specified contents and that notice requirement does not create cause of action against insurer or create defense for claimant's attorney against cause of action based on insurer's failure to provide notice. Authorizes insurer to communicate with claimant for purposes of providing notice even if insurer or insurer's attorney knows that claimant is represented by attorney.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to attorney fees.. Description: Directs court to consider, in determining amount of award of attorney fees, whether attorney performed services on pro bono basis or award of attorney fees otherwise promotes access to justice. Directs court to consider, in determining amount of award of attorney fees, whether attorney performed services on pro bono basis or award of attorney fees otherwise promotes access to justice.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to estate planning.. Description: Terminates authority of spouse as agent under certain estate planning documents upon annulment, separation or dissolution of marriage. Terminates authority of spouse as agent under certain estate planning documents upon annulment, separation or dissolution of marriage. Extends liability protections for property held as tenants by the entirety when property is conveyed to certain trust. Changes references to "small estate affidavit" to "simple estate affidavit." Permits use of simple estate affidavit if decedent died testate and sole devisee is decedent's trust.] Modifies procedure for disposition of wills by attorney.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the governance of nonprofit corporations.. Description: Provides that, and specifies procedures and circumstances under which, members of nonprofit corporation and board of directors of nonprofit corporation may discuss issues or take action by electronic mail or other electronic means without meeting. Provides that, and specifies procedures and circumstances under which, members of nonprofit corporation and board of directors of nonprofit corporation may discuss issues or take action by electronic mail or other electronic means without meeting. Provides that affirmative vote of majority of board of directors to approve action under specified circumstances is act of board of directors and is effective on date specified in electronic mail announcement. Specifies circumstances under which majority of directors may approve dissolution if number of directors in office at time at which directors consider dissolution is less than required by laws of this state or by articles of incorporation or bylaws of nonprofit corporation.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Oregon Criminal Justice Commission.. Description: Approves modifications to rules of Oregon Criminal Justice Commission. Approves modifications to rules of Oregon Criminal Justice Commission.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to courts.. Description: Clarifies that state felony traffic offenses charged in Multnomah County will be heard in court facility in Portland. Clarifies that state felony traffic offenses charged in Multnomah County will be heard in court facility in Portland. Provides that proceedings for violations occurring in east Multnomah County will occur in Gresham court facility. Creates exception to requirement that court proceeding involving person in custody be transferred, absent good cause, from court facility in Gresham to Portland if defendant is not in custody and certain warrants have been vacated or executed.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to protected persons.. Description: Modifies permissible methods of providing notice of appointment of guardian to protected person. Modifies permissible methods of providing notice of appointment of guardian to protected person.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to courts.. Description: Restricts limitation on award of noneconomic damages to claims in actions for wrongful death. Directs State Court Administrator to study issues relating to courts and report to committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly no later than December 31, 2022.] Restricts limitation on award of noneconomic damages to claims in actions for wrongful death. Corrects inaccurate reference for definition. Provides that jury in criminal action may render verdict of guilty only by unanimous agreement, and verdict of not guilty only by concurrence of at least 10 of 12 jurors.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to lawsuits.. Description: Extends applicability of education policies related to teen dating violence, domestic violence and sexual harassment to private schools. Extends applicability of education policies related to teen dating violence, domestic violence and sexual harassment to private schools. Authorizes person to bring action for injunction compelling private school to comply with certain laws related to sexual conduct or related to abuse of children. Establishes private cause of action if private school does not comply with court order compelling compliance.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to advance directives; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies laws relating to form of advance directive. Modifies laws relating to form of advance directive. Declares emergency, effective on passage.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to district attorney policies.. Description: Requires district attorney of each county to adopt written policies concerning guilty except for insanity dispositions. Requires district attorney of each county to adopt written policies concerning guilty except for insanity cases] dispositions. Requires policies to be adopted and made available to public no later than December 1, 2022.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to driving while under the influence of intoxicants; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that person commits offense of driving while under influence of intoxicants if person has blood alcohol level of 0.08 percent or more by weight within two hours after driving vehicle. Provides that person commits offense of driving while under influence of intoxicants if person has blood alcohol level of 0.08 percent or more by weight within two hours after driving vehicle. Creates affirmative defense.] Modifies description of prior offenses in other jurisdictions related to driving while under influence of intoxicants. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to criminal justice agencies.. Description: Adds civilian or community oversight boards, agencies and review bodies designated by municipalities or law enforcement agencies to definition of "criminal justice agency." Allows civilian or community oversight boards, agencies and review bodies to access Law Enforcement Data System. Adds civilian or community oversight boards, agencies and review bodies designated by municipalities or law enforcement agencies to definition of "criminal justice agency." Allows civilian or community oversight boards, agencies and review bodies to access Law Enforcement Data System.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to extremely dangerous persons with mental illness; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes court to commit person to state hospital or secure mental health facility during pendency of petition to commit person as extremely dangerous person with mental illness. Authorizes court to commit person to state hospital or secure mental health facility during pendency of petition to commit person as extremely dangerous person with mental illness. Requires initial commitment hearing to be held within 30 days of filing of petition if person is in custody or committed, unless good cause is found by court. Requires recommitment hearing to be held within 60 days of request. Specifies where venue is proper for initial commitment hearing and recommitment hearing. Specifies procedures when committed person has pending criminal charges at time of hearing. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to conditional release.. Description: Modifies procedures when court orders conditional release of person found guilty except for insanity. Modifies procedures when court orders conditional release of person found guilty except for insanity.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unclaimed property.. Description: Allows owner of interest held in financial institution or holder of traveler's check or money order to demonstrate lack of abandonment by electronic communication or other records by institution or issuer. Allows owner of interest held in financial institution or holder of traveler's check or money order to demonstrate lack of abandonment by electronic communication or other records by institution or issuer.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to banking institutions.. Description: Provides that certain banking institutions may pay dividend in amount greater than previous statutory maximum amount if such payment is approved by Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services. Provides that certain banking institutions may pay dividend in amount greater than previous statutory maximum amount if such payment is approved by Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services. Modifies definition of "capital" for purposes of loan and other obligation limits.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to conditional discharge.. Description: Expands types of charges eligible for conditional discharge to include any misdemeanor or Class C felony, other than driving while under the influence of intoxicants, if defendant has been formally accepted into specialty court. Expands types of charges eligible for conditional discharge to include any misdemeanor or Class C felony, other than driving while under the influence of intoxicants, if defendant has been formally accepted into specialty court.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to remote attestation; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prescribes formalities for remote attestation of writing. Prescribes formalities for remote attestation of writing. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to wills; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies court procedure for determining whether decedent intended writing to be decedent's will, partial or complete revocation of decedent's will or addition to or alteration of decedent's will. Modifies court procedure for determining whether decedent intended writing to be decedent's will, partial or complete revocation of decedent's will or addition to or alteration of decedent's will. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to reimbursements for vision screenings of students; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Education to provide reimbursements for vision screenings of students to persons that provide vision screenings. Directs Department of Education to provide reimbursements for vision screenings of students to persons that provide vision screenings. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Education for deposit in Vision Health Account to make reimbursements for vision screenings. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes minimum amount of distributions from Statewide Education Initiatives Account to education service districts. Establishes minimum amount of distributions from Statewide Education Initiatives Account to education service districts. Modifies membership, duties and reporting requirements of Task Force on School Safety. Extends sunset on task force by two years. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to degree programs offered by public institutions of higher education.. Description: Authorizes Western Oregon University, Southern Oregon University and Eastern Oregon University to offer professional doctoral degrees. Authorizes Western Oregon University, Southern Oregon University and Eastern Oregon University to offer professional doctoral degrees.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to educator diversity; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies requirements of report on Educators Equity Act that is prepared by state agencies. Directs Department of Education, in collaboration with Teacher Standards and Practices Commission, to conduct study to identify most effective methods to diversify educator workforce and to report results of study to interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to education.] Sunsets December 31, 2021.] Modifies requirements of report on Educators Equity Act that is prepared by state agencies. Directs Educator Advancement Council to participate in creation of report. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the transfer of academic credit; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Higher Education Coordinating Commission to establish common course numbering system for introductory and lower level courses with similar learning outcomes offered at accelerated college credit programs, public post-secondary institutions of education and participating nonpublic post-secondary institutions of education. Requires Higher Education Coordinating Commission to establish common course numbering system for all] introductory and lower level courses with similar learning outcomes offered at accelerated college credit programs, public post-secondary institutions of education and participating nonpublic post-secondary institutions of education. Requires all public post-secondary institutions of education to adopt system and accept transfers of academic credit subject to common course numbering system earned at other public post-secondary] institutions of education. Requires commission to confer with administrators, faculty and students on how to best create common course numbering system and to report annually to Legislative Assembly on progress made towards creating system. Requires system to be fully implemented no later than September 1, 2024.] Establishes Transfer Council to advise commission on development, coordination and maintenance of common course numbering system, serve as primary venue for collaboration between community colleges and public universities for development of foundational curricula and unified statewide transfer agreements and develop best practices to facilitate student acceleration and transfer of students and academic credits among institutions. Establishes composition of council and reporting requirements for commission and council. Requires establishment of initial common course numbering system that must be implemented by post-secondary institutions of education by beginning of 2023-2024 academic year. Requires establishment of final common course numbering system that must be implemented by post-secondary institutions of education by beginning of 2025-2026 academic year. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to educational programs for adults in custody; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Higher Education Coordinating Commission to convene stakeholder group to study ways to best serve adults in custody who are recently eligible to receive student grants. Directs Department of Corrections to consider certain education programs as qualifying programs for purposes of monetary performance reward system offered to adults in custody.] Directs Higher Education Coordinating Commission to convene stakeholder group to study ways to best serve adults in custody who are recently eligible to receive student grants. Directs group to provide study report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly responsible for higher education no later than December 31, 2021. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to discipline used in early learning; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Early Learning Division to conduct study on use of suspension and expulsion in early childhood care and education programs and on efforts to reduce and prevent use of suspension and expulsion. Directs Early Learning Division to conduct study on use of suspension and expulsion in early childhood care and education programs and on efforts to reduce and prevent use of suspension and expulsion. Requires division to report results of study to appropriate interim committees of Legislative Assembly. Sunsets December 31, 2024. Prohibits early childhood care or education program that receives state public funds from Early Learning Division or that is certified or registered from suspending or expelling any child. Becomes operative July 1, 2026. Requires division to report on proposed implementation of prohibition to appropriate interim committees of Legislative Assembly. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies definitions of "sexual conduct" for purposes of requirements for education providers related to abuse of and sexual conduct toward students. Modifies definitions of "sexual conduct" for purposes of requirements for education providers related to abuse of and sexual conduct toward students. Modifies confidentiality requirements related to documents, materials and reports produced by Teacher Standards and Practices Commission when conducting investigation related to licensed school employee, contractor, agent or volunteer. Requires members of education service district board to be mandatory reporters of abuse of children. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to radioactive material.. Description: Modifies definition of "radioactive waste" for purposes of regulation by State Department of Energy. Modifies definition of "radioactive waste" for purposes of regulation by State Department of Energy. Requires Energy Facility Siting Council to adopt standards and rules necessary to prevent disposal of radioactive waste in Oregon. Provides Director of State Department of Energy and council additional authority for administration and enforcement of laws related to disposal of radioactive waste.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the office of the county clerk; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that county clerk shall establish regular business hours of at least four hours per day, and 30 hours per week, Monday through Friday, for receipt and certification of instruments presented for recording. Provides that county clerk shall establish regular business hours of at least four hours per day, and 30 hours per work] week, Monday through Friday, for receipt and certification of instruments presented for recording. Allows for reduction in certain circumstances. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to redistricting; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies statutory deadlines for reapportionment of congressional districts and judicial review. Modifies statutory deadlines for reapportionment of congressional districts and judicial review. Establishes dates by which special judicial panel must be appointed and by which panel and Oregon Supreme Court must establish briefing schedules. Establishes date by which candidate for state Senator, state Representative or Representative in Congress can first file nominating petition, declaration of candidacy or voters' pamphlet portrait and statement for May 2022 primary election. Permits Secretary of State to adopt rules revising or establishing additional deadlines or filing dates to ensure fair and orderly nomination or election of candidates at May 2022 election while implementing revised state legislative and congressional reapportionment deadlines. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to licensure of long term care facilities; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Department of Human Services to consider specified factors in assessing whether residential care facility or facility with memory care endorsement has qualified awake direct care staff in sufficient numbers to meet scheduled and unscheduled needs of each resident 24 hours a day. Requires Department of Human Services to consider specified factors in assessing whether residential care facility or facility with memory care endorsement has qualified awake direct care staff in sufficient numbers to meet scheduled and unscheduled needs of each resident 24 hours a day. Requires entity that investigates abuse complaint at facility to provide initial status report to agency that licenses facility. Adds requirements regarding investigation of complaints that facility does not have qualified awake direct care staff in sufficient numbers to meet scheduled and unscheduled needs of each resident 24 hours a day. Requires department to prioritize health, welfare, safety and rights of residents in regulating residential care facilities and long term care facilities. Requires department to impose condition on license of residential care facility or long term care facility in response to finding of immediate jeopardy. Requires framework developed by department for assessing regulatory compliance of residential care facilities to include measures of whether facility has qualified awake direct care staff in sufficient numbers to consistently meet scheduled and unscheduled needs of each resident 24 hours a day and impact of any compliance deficiencies on rights, health, welfare and safety of residents. Requires department to post on facility finder website notice that facility is in enhanced oversight and supervision program. Requires department, no later than April 1, 2022, to publish and distribute framework to facilities, fully implement enhanced oversight and supervision programs and report to Legislative Assembly on publishing and distribution of framework and implementation of enhanced oversight and supervision program. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to residential tenancies; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires landlords and courts to delay termination of residential tenancies for nonpayment for 60 days if tenant provides documentation of application for rental assistance. Amends calculation of maximum amount payable by Housing and Community Services Department to landlords from Rent Guarantee Program Fund from per-landlord basis to per-tenant basis.] Requires landlords and courts to delay termination of residential tenancies for nonpayment for 60 days if tenant provides documentation of application for rental assistance. Requires that termination notices and eviction summons include notices regarding opportunity for delay. Requires Judicial Department to translate notice into other languages. Requires providers of public rental assistance to give application receipts to tenants. Sunsets March 1, 2022. Requires Housing and Community Services Department to award grant to third party to compensate landlords for certain delays to termination notices or eviction proceedings under Act. Sunsets March 1, 2023. Requires that department compensate qualified landlords from landlord compensation fund for 100 percent of past-due rent that accrued during COVID-19 emergency period, rather than requiring that landlords forgive 20 percent of unpaid rent. Applies to new and existing applications for compensation. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to school attendance of children in foster care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Human Services, to extent practicable, to avoid scheduling meetings and appointments involving child in foster care during school day. Directs Department of Human Services, to extent practicable, to avoid scheduling meetings and appointments involving child in foster care during school day. Requires caseworker to ensure child's case file indicates number of school days missed during semester if child misses more than four school days due to visitations scheduled by department. Directs department to collect data and submit reports to Legislative Assembly regarding school days missed by children in foster care due to visitations scheduled by department. Sunsets reporting requirement on January 1, 2024. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to criminal records checks of individuals who provide care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to criminal records checks performed by Department of Human Services and Oregon Health Authority. Modifies provisions relating to criminal records checks performed by Department of Human Services and Oregon Health Authority. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to rental housing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Extends grace period for repayment of residential rent accrued during emergency period of April 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, until February 28, 2022. Directs Housing and Community Services Department to study issues related to rental housing and report to appropriate committee or interim committee of Legislative Assembly on or before September 15, 2022.] Sunsets December 31, 2022.] Extends grace period for repayment of residential rent accrued during emergency period of April 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, until February 28, 2022. Prohibits residential landlord from reporting nonpayment of rent accrued during emergency period to credit bureaus. Prohibits residential landlord from screening prospective tenant based on nonpayment of rent accrued during grace period. Allows certain defendants to set aside and seal judgments of evictions based on claims arising during grace period. Limits certain restrictions on residential tenant's guests. Sunsets March 1, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to environmental equity.. Description: Prohibits person convicted of bias crime committed while on state waters or publicly owned outdoor recreation land from entering area under jurisdiction of State Parks and Recreation Department. Directs office of Governor, in consultation with Racial Justice Council's Environmental Equity Committee, to study laws related to environment and provide results to interim committees of Legislative Assembly no later than September 15, 2022.] Sunsets January 2, 2023.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Prohibits person convicted of bias crime committed while on state waters or publicly owned outdoor recreation land from entering area under jurisdiction of State Parks and Recreation Department. Directs State Marine Board to revoke certain privileges from person convicted of bias crime committed while on state waters or publicly owned outdoor recreation land. Adds bias crime conviction to circumstances in which court may order State Fish and Wildlife Commission to revoke licenses, tags and permits.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to housing.. Description: Requires landlords who require applicant screening charges to adopt certain written screening criteria made available to applicants before accepting application. Requires landlords who require applicant screening charges to adopt certain written screening criteria made available to applicants before accepting application. Limits criminal behavior] charges and convictions landlord may consider in screening applicant. Requires landlord to conduct individualized assessment of applicant and specify any basis for denial.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to information technology; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs office of State Chief Information Officer to develop recommendations related to elevating consideration of privacy, confidentiality and data security measures in state government enterprise and shared information technology services, and to submit recommendations in report to certain interim committees of Legislative Assembly by September 15, 2022. Directs office of State Chief Information Officer to develop recommendations related to elevating consideration of privacy, confidentiality and data security measures in state government enterprise and shared information technology services, and to submit recommendations in report to certain interim committees of Legislative Assembly by September 15, 2022. Sunsets January 2, 2023. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to fitness to proceed; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Defines terms related to fitness to proceed. Defines terms related to fitness to proceed. Reorganizes and restructures statutes related to fitness to proceed. Modifies procedures and criteria for committing defendant charged with felony to state mental hospital or other facility in order to gain or regain fitness to proceed. Requires court to find that defendant requires hospital level of care due to public safety concerns or acuity of symptoms of defendant's mental disorder, and that appropriate community restoration services are not provided. Modifies procedures and criteria for committing defendant charged with misdemeanor to state mental hospital or other facility in order to gain or regain fitness to proceed. Requires either recommendation from certified evaluator that defendant requires hospital level of care and statement from community mental health program director concerning available community restoration services, or for court to make certain findings concerning acuity of defendant's symptoms, public safety concerns and whether appropriate community restoration services are provided. Modifies procedures when circumstances authorizing commitment of defendant no longer exist. Provides that if defendant is charged with felony, superintendent of state mental hospital or director of facility to which defendant is committed may notify court when hospital level of care is no longer necessary. Requires superintendent or director to notify court when specified circumstances have changed for defendant charged with misdemeanor. Authorizes community mental health program director to notify court if community restoration services become available for committed defendant charged with felony or misdemeanor. Provides that documents related to involuntary medication of defendant are confidential and may be made available only to specified parties. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to judicial authority during statewide emergencies; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes Chief Justice of Supreme Court, during period of statewide emergency and upon finding of good cause, to extend or suspend time period or time requirement in rule or statute in specified court proceedings. Authorizes Chief Justice of Supreme Court, during period of statewide emergency and upon finding of good cause, to extend or suspend time period or time requirement in rule or statute in specified court proceedings. Authorizes Chief Justice to direct or permit electronic court appearances during period of statewide emergency. Authorizes presiding judge of circuit court, during period of statewide emergency, to extend custody and postpone trials upon finding of good cause, and within specified limits.] Authorizes date of appearance in criminal citation to be more than 30 days after citation issuance date during period of statewide emergency. Extends sunset, from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022, on provisions granting Chief Justice of Supreme Court and presiding judge of circuit court certain authority during emergency related to COVID-19, including authority to extend custody and postpone criminal trials upon finding of good cause and within specified limits. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to judicial marshals; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides that judicial marshal certified by Department of Public Safety Standards and Training qualifies as police officer under Public Employees Retirement System. Provides that judicial marshal certified by Department of Public Safety Standards and Training qualifies as police officer under Public Employees Retirement System. Provides that judicial marshal employed on effective date of Act is entitled to service in retirement system as police officer for all service performed as certified judicial marshal. Changes references to Security and Emergency Preparedness Office of the Judicial Department to Marshal's Office of the Judicial Department. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to courts; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Conforms language in provisions relating to stalking protective order to language used in other provisions relating to protective orders. Conforms language in provisions relating to stalking protective order to language used in other provisions relating to protective orders. Modifies filing requirements for seeking relief from sex offender reporting. Allows person to apply for simultaneous change of name and legal change of sex in any circuit court. Modifies requirements for judgment including support award. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to towing; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes State Board of Towing within Department of Transportation. Establishes State Board of Towing within Department of Transportation. Authorizes board to order department to deny, suspend, revoke or refuse to renew towing business certificate or letter of appointment to participate on rotational list of towing businesses for certain violations. Authorizes board to impose civil penalties for certain violations. Becomes operative January 1, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to cannabis.. Description: Waives fees for obtaining medical marijuana card for veterans who have total disability rating of at least 50 percent as result of injury or illness incurred or aggravated during active military service, and who received discharge or release under other than dishonorable conditions. Waives fees for obtaining medical marijuana card for veterans who have total disability rating of at least 50 percent as result of injury or illness incurred or aggravated during active military service, and who received discharge or release under other than dishonorable conditions.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public records; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Exempts from required disclosure business, commercial, financial, operational and research data and information that is furnished, developed or generated in connection with ownership or operation of unmanned aerial system test range, if disclosure of information would cause competitive disadvantage to test range or users. Exempts from required disclosure business, commercial, financial, operational and research data and information that is furnished, developed or generated in connection with ownership or operation of unmanned aerial system test range, if disclosure of information would cause competitive disadvantage to test range or users. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to distillery retail outlet agents.. Description: Establishes rate of compensation to be paid by Oregon Liquor Control Commission to distillery retail outlet agent for distilled liquor retail sales by agent. Establishes rate of compensation to be paid by Oregon Liquor Control Commission to distillery retail outlet agent for distilled liquor retail sales by agent. Sunsets January 2, 2028.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to alcoholic beverages; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows holder of full on-premises sales license to make retail sales of mixed drinks and single servings of wine in sealed containers for off-premises consumption. Allows holder of full on-premises sales license to make retail sales of mixed drinks and single servings of wine in sealed containers for off-premises consumption. Defines "mixed drink" and "sealed container." Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to a memorial to Oregon's Vietnam War veterans; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Dedicates portion of State Capitol State Park to Vietnam War memorial to be funded and constructed by qualified nonprofit corporation. Dedicates portion of State Capitol State Park to Vietnam War memorial to be funded and constructed by qualified nonprofit corporation. Exempts memorial from certain land use laws. Directs State Parks and Recreation Department to maintain finished memorial. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to State Department of Fish and Wildlife licenses; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that State Fish and Wildlife Commission may authorize nonprofit organization serving veterans or certain armed forces members to conduct excursions during which veterans or armed forces members may angle or take shellfish with no-charge daily licenses, tags or permits. Authorizes issuance of group license for angling or shellfish to] Provides that State Fish and Wildlife Commission may authorize nonprofit organization serving veterans or certain armed forces members to conduct excursions during which veterans or armed forces members may angle or take shellfish with no-charge daily licenses, tags or permits. Prohibits agent of commission that issues licenses, tags or permits from retaining agent fee for issuance. Sunsets provision on January 2, 2027. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to communities governed by declarations; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows homeowners and condominium associations to hold electronic meetings. Allows homeowners and condominium associations to hold electronic meetings. Makes changes to delivery of electronic notices. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to renewable hydrogen; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs State Department of Energy to conduct study of benefits of, and barriers to, renewable hydrogen production and use in Oregon and report results to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to revenue no later than September 15, 2022. Directs Legislative Revenue Officer to conduct study related to renewable hydrogen] Directs State Department of Energy to conduct study of benefits of, and barriers to, renewable hydrogen production and use in Oregon and report results to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to revenue no later than September 15, 2022. Sunsets January 2, 2023. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the limited renewable energy technician license; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Amends requirements for limited renewable energy technician license. Amends requirements for limited renewable energy technician license. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to applied behavior analysis.. Description: Extends requirement that health benefit plan provide coverage for treatment of autism spectrum disorder provided by applied behavior analysis professional to January 2, 2030. Allows applied behavior analysis professional to provide outpatient treatment for mental or emotional disorder or chemical dependency without patient's parental consent. Requires applied behavior analysis professional to report child abuse and to report prohibited or unprofessional conduct of another applied behavior analysis professional. Prohibits applied behavior analysis professional from practicing conversion therapy.] Extends requirement that health benefit plan provide coverage for treatment of autism spectrum disorder provided by applied behavior analysis professional to January 2, 2030. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to interviews of child witnesses; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Directs county sheriffs, municipal police departments, university police departments and Oregon State Police to develop policies regarding parental notification of interviews of child witnesses and to submit report regarding policies developed to interim committees of Legislative Assembly by September 15, 2022. Requires investigator, prior to interviewing child who witnessed or is victim of act under investigation, to notify child that child may request presence of parent or guardian during interview.] Directs county sheriffs, municipal police departments, university police departments and Oregon State Police to develop policies regarding parental notification of interviews of child witnesses and to submit report regarding policies developed to interim committees of Legislative Assembly by September 15, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to accessory dwelling units in rural residential areas; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes county to allow owner of lot or parcel within rural residential zone to construct one accessory dwelling unit on lot or parcel, subject to certain restrictions. Authorizes county to allow owner of lot or parcel within rural residential zone to construct one accessory dwelling unit on lot or parcel, subject to certain restrictions. Specifies that single-family dwelling and accessory dwelling on same lot or parcel are considered single unit for purposes of calculating exemptions from ground water rights requirements. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to expungement.. Description: Modifies procedures for motions to set aside conviction, arrest, citation, charge, finding of contempt of court or judgment of guilty except for insanity. Modifies procedure for filing motion] procedures for motions to set aside conviction, arrest, citation, or] charge, finding of contempt of court or judgment of guilty except for insanity. Eliminates fees, fingerprinting and background check] filing fee and requires person to provide fingerprint card and criminal record check fee, if required, directly to Department of State Police. Reduces waiting period for filing motion if person was revoked from probation , is seeking to set aside Class B felony or was convicted of other offense] or state elects not to proceed with prosecution. Modifies waiting periods for filing of motion for conviction or guilty except for insanity judgment based upon offense classification. Aligns time period prior to filing of motion, during which person may not have any other convictions other than motor vehicle violations, to waiting period. Authorizes prosecuting attorney to object to motion to set aside conviction or guilty except for insanity judgment within 120 days of motion. Provides that court shall grant motion to set aside arrest, citation or charge, or motion to set aside conviction if no objection received. Modifies standard for granting motion over objection. Prohibits prosecuting attorney from conditioning plea offer on defendant's waiver of ability to set aside conviction. Prohibits prosecuting attorney from conditioning agreement not to object to entry of guilty except for insanity judgment on defendant's waiver of ability to set aside judgment. Prohibits criminal history data provider from including in criminal history report information that fails to reflect material changes to criminal history occurring more than 60 days before date of report. Provides that violation of prohibition constitutes unlawful trade practice.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to intimidation by display of a noose.. Description: Creates crime of intimidation by display of a noose. Creates crime of intimidation by display of a noose. Punishes by maximum of 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to nonconforming uses; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Tolls time city or county may consider nonconforming use interrupted or abandoned during emergency that limits resumption of use. Tolls time city or county may consider nonconforming use interrupted or abandoned during emergency that limits resumption of use. Until September 30, 2025, requires cities and counties to allow commencement of restoration or replacement of nonconforming uses damaged or destroyed by certain wildfires. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to shipment of alcoholic beverages; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows holder of direct shipment permit to ship up to five cases of wine, each containing not more than nine liters, per month to Oregon resident. Allows holder of direct shipment permit to ship up to five cases of wine, each containing not more than nine liters, per month to Oregon resident. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to marijuana; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Specifies reasons for which Oregon Liquor Control Commission may delay processing, approving or denying application for marijuana licensure. Specifies reasons for which Oregon Liquor Control Commission may delay processing, approving or denying application for marijuana licensure. Authorizes commission to revoke, suspend or restrict marijuana license for reasons including diversion of marijuana to interstate or illicit market and introduction into regulated market of cannabinoids or marijuana not produced by commission licensee or tracked in commission system. Requires commission to consider mitigating factors when revoking, suspending or restricting license. Authorizes commission to revoke marijuana retailer license for specified reasons. Requires commission to establish by rule schedule of numbers and types of violations that indicate disregard for law by applicant or licensee. Requires commission to report, not later than December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2022, to interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary on rulemaking related to establishment of violations schedule and public safety. Allows commonly owned marijuana producers to transfer to one another marijuana and usable marijuana. Defines "commonly owned." Allows marijuana producer to receive specified marijuana items from marijuana processor. Specifies information required in transfer manifest for transport of marijuana. Requires commission to adopt rules to allow marijuana producer to receive specified amount of marijuana seeds from any source in Oregon. Allows person 21 years of age or older to possess up to two ounces of marijuana in public place. Directs commission to adopt rules related to tetrahydrocannabinol concentration in single serving of cannabinoid product or cannabinoid concentrate or extract. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to courses offered as part of associate degree program.. Description: Permits community colleges to allow each criminal justice course approved by curriculum committee of college to be eligible course for social science cluster portion of associate degree. Requires] Permits community colleges to allow each criminal justice course offered] approved by curriculum committee of college to be eligible course for social science cluster portion of associate degree. Requires public universities to accept as general education courses any criminal justice courses credited toward completion of Associate of Arts Transfer degree or Associate of Science Transfer degree grant same amount of academic credit to student transferring from community college with associate degree, regardless of whether courses in social science cluster taken by student include criminal justice courses].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to law enforcement interviews of persons under 18 years of age.. Description: Creates rebuttable presumption that statement made by person under 18 years of age, during custodial interview in connection with investigation into certain acts, is involuntary if peace officer intentionally used false information to elicit statement. Prohibits peace officer from using deceit, trickery or artifice during interview of youth concerning act that, if committed by adult, would constitute crime.] Creates rebuttable presumption that statement made by person under 18 years of age, during custodial interview in connection with investigation into certain acts, is involuntary if peace officer intentionally used false information to elicit statement.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to community benefit contracts; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Permits contracting agency or local contract review board to enact or adopt, as appropriate, ordinance, resolution, rule, regulation or other legislative or administrative measure to designate certain public improvement contracts as community benefit contracts. Permits contracting agency or local contract review board or local contracting agency] to enact or adopt, as appropriate, ordinance, resolution, rule, regulation or other legislative or administrative measure to designate certain public improvement contracts as community benefit contracts. Specifies elements that community benefit contract must incorporate. Specifies duties of contracting agency or local contract review board or local contracting agency] before advertising, soliciting or awarding community benefit contract. Permits contracting agency to prequalify bidders or proposers to submit bids or proposals for community benefit contracts. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to comparison of compensation for assistant attorneys general.. Description: Allows base pay of attorneys who are employed by public corporation, nonprofit organization, public university or city or county in this state and who perform substantially similar work to be used for comparison of compensation for assistant attorneys general. Allows base pay of attorneys who are employed by public corporation, nonprofit organization, public university or city or county in this state and who perform substantially similar work to be used for comparison of compensation for assistant attorneys general.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to telecommunicators.. Description: Provides that Legislative Assembly finds and declares that telecommunicators are first responders. Provides that Legislative Assembly finds and declares that telecommunicators are first responders. Provides that telecommunicator qualifies as police officer under Public Employees Retirement System. Provides that telecommunicator employed on effective date of Act is entitled to service in retirement system as police officer for all service performed as telecommunicator.].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to universal health care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Extends for one year sunset on Task Force on Universal Health Care and extends deadline for task force to submit recommendations to Legislative Assembly. Extends for one year sunset on Task Force on Universal Health Care and extends deadline for task force to submit recommendations to Legislative Assembly. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to adjudicated youth.. Description: Modifies terminology by changing statutory references to "youth offender" to "adjudicated youth.". Modifies terminology by changing statutory references to "youth offender" to "adjudicated youth."
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to physician assistants.. Description: Allows physician assistant to receive results of blood test of source person on behalf of certain person who, in performance of person's official duties, comes into contact with blood, bodily fluid or other potentially infectious material of source person. Allows physician assistant to receive results of blood test of source person on behalf of certain person who, in performance of person's official duties, comes into contact with blood, bodily fluid or other potentially infectious material of source person.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to land division for residential development.. Description: Allows land division to separate dwelling units for new middle housing allowed in cities. Allows land division to separate dwelling units for new middle housing allowed in cities. Applies to divisions permitted on or after July 1, 2022. Prohibits homeowners associations or restrictive covenants from forbidding partition. Delays applicability of limits on private middle housing restrictions.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the taxation of damaged property; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Authorizes governing body of county covered by state of emergency declared in response to September 2020 wildfires to adopt law directing tax collector to prorate and cancel property taxes imposed on taxable property that suffered loss in real market value as result of wildfires, without application from property owner. Requires tax collector to prorate and cancel property taxes imposed on taxable property destroyed or damaged by wildfire during September 2020 in county covered by state of emergency declared in response to wildfire as if property were destroyed property under current law. Coordinates timing of proration of taxes for property destroyed and damaged by fire or act of God. Applies to property tax year beginning on July 1, 2020.] Authorizes governing body of county covered by state of emergency declared in response to September 2020 wildfires to adopt law directing tax collector to prorate and cancel property taxes imposed on taxable property that suffered loss in real market value as result of wildfires, without application from property owner. Authorizes such governing bodies to adopt law to direct tax collector to prorate and cancel property taxes on taxable property that suffered damage, or disruption of use, due to wildfires, upon application by property owner. Requires such laws to include wildfire map, produced through public process, identifying boundaries within which wildfire tax relief may be granted. Provides for refunds of overpayment of property taxes. Applies to property tax year beginning on July 1, 2020. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to presumption of violation of certain prohibitions against protected activities regarding workplace safety; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Creates rebuttable presumption that person violated prohibition against retaliation or discrimination against employee or prospective employee if person takes certain action against employee or prospective employee within 60 days after employee or prospective employee has engaged in certain protected activities. Creates rebuttable presumption that person violated prohibition against retaliation or discrimination against employee or prospective employee if person takes certain action against employee or prospective employee within 60 days after employee or prospective employee has engaged in certain protected activities. Provides that employee or prospective employee bears burden of proof when person takes certain action against employee or prospective employee more than 60 days after employee or prospective employee has engaged in protected activities. Applies to complaints and civil actions filed in which decision or judgment is entered on or after effective date of Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to student loan servicers; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires certain persons that service student loans in this state to obtain or renew license. Requires certain persons that service student loans in this state to obtain or renew license. Specifies license application and renewal procedures, required fees and persons that are exempt from requirement. Prescribes duties of licensee and requires licensee to maintain specified liquidity, operating reserves and tangible net worth. Prescribes civil penalty against person that engages in business as student loan servicer without license. Permits Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to participate in multistate examinations under specified circumstances. Becomes operative on July 1, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to plans of instruction for talented and gifted children.. Description: Modifies requirements of plans of instruction for talented and gifted children. Modifies requirements of plans of instruction for talented and gifted children. Specifies plan availability requirements.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to determinations of the prevailing rate of wage in a locality; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides that prevailing rate of wage for trade or occupation in locality is rate of wage set forth in collective bargaining agreement for trade or occupation in locality or, if more than one collective bargaining agreement covers trade or occupation in locality, highest rate of wage among collective bargaining agreements for trade or occupation in locality. Provides that prevailing rate of wage for trade or occupation in locality is rate of wage set forth in collective bargaining agreement for trade or occupation in locality or, if more than one collective bargaining agreement covers trade or occupation in locality, average of] highest rate of wage set forth in] among collective bargaining agreements for trade or occupation in locality. Provides that if collective bargaining agreement does not exist for trade or occupation in locality, Commissioner of Bureau of Labor and Industries shall conduct wage survey and may consider other information in order to determine prevailing rate of wage. Becomes operative January 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to eligibility for unemployment insurance benefits; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Defines "instructional capacity" to exclude instructional assistants from scope of statutes prohibiting payment of unemployment insurance benefits to professional employees of educational institution for weeks of unemployment commencing during period between two successive academic years or terms. Defines "instructional capacity" to exclude instructional assistants from scope of statutes prohibiting payment of unemployment insurance benefits to professional employees of educational institution for weeks of unemployment commencing during period between two successive academic years or terms. Declares emergency, effective on passage] September 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to eligibility for unemployment insurance benefits; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Removes prohibition on payment of unemployment insurance benefits to nonprofessional employees of educational institution providing school food services, early intervention services or prekindergarten services for weeks of unemployment commencing during period between two successive academic years or terms. Removes prohibition on payment of unemployment insurance benefits to nonprofessional employees of educational institution providing school food services, or services as employee of federal Head Start program] early intervention services or prekindergarten services for weeks of unemployment commencing during period between two successive academic years or terms. Declares emergency, effective on passage] September 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to designated person misdemeanors.. Description: Requires court to indicate in judgment document when person is convicted of misdemeanor assault or menacing constituting domestic violence. Requires court to indicate in judgment document when person is convicted of misdemeanor assault or menacing constituting domestic violence. Defines term "designated person misdemeanor." Provides that county, for purposes of grant-in-aid funding from Department of Corrections for community corrections, is responsible for supervision, sanctions and services for offenders convicted of designated person misdemeanors. Provides that person convicted of designated person misdemeanors qualifies for earned reduction in term of probation. Increases appropriation to Department of Corrections for community corrections.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Public Records Advisory Council; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Public Records Advocate as independent office within executive department. Establishes Public Records Advocate as independent office within executive department. Requires Public Records Advocate to select and appoint Deputy Public Records Advocate and authorizes advocate to delegate authority, power or duty to act to deputy. Authorizes Public Records Advisory Council to appoint advocate. Authorizes council to support or oppose legislation relating to public records law and to request legislators to introduce legislation relating to public records law. Establishes Public Records Advocate Fund in State Treasury. Continuously appropriates moneys in fund for purpose of funding operations of office of Public Records Advocate and Public Records Advisory Council. Ratifies and affirms actions taken by council before effective date of Act to recruit and appoint advocate. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to civics education.. Description: Requires students to complete at least one-half credit of civics in order to receive high school diploma. Requires student to demonstrate proficiency in civics in order to receive high school diploma.] Takes effect January 1, 2025.] Requires students to complete at least one-half credit of civics in order to receive high school diploma. Applies to high school diplomas awarded on or after January 1, 2026.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to mandatory reporting by service permit holders; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires employee of certain licensed premises who is permittee to make report if permittee has reasonable belief that sex trafficking is occurring at premises or that minor is employed or contracted as performer at premises in manner violating Oregon Liquor Control Commission rules. Requires employee of certain licensed premises who is permittee to make report if permittee has reasonable belief that sex trafficking is occurring at premises or that minor is employed or contracted as performer at premises in manner violating Oregon Liquor Control Commission rules. Exempts permittee from liability for good faith report. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to employees at public institutions of higher education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that part-time faculty member at public institution of higher education qualifies for employee-only health care benefits if part-time faculty member works at level equal to at least half of full-time equivalent employee during at least three of four previous academic terms. Provides that part-time faculty member at public institution of higher education qualifies for employee-only health care benefits if part-time faculty member works at level equal to at least half of full-time equivalent employee during at least three of four previous academic terms. who qualifies for health care benefits will] Requires part-time faculty member to pay 10 percent of insurance premiums for employee coverage. Requires part-time faculty member to select home public institution of higher education. Requires selected institution to determine whether part-time faculty member is eligible to receive health benefit plans, collect premiums for health benefit plans, pay full cost of insurance premiums for health benefit plans and to administer and provide health benefit plans to party-time faculty member. Requires Higher Education Coordinating Commission to reimburse selected institution for cost of paying insurance premiums. Requires state to pay for remaining costs of insurance premiums out of moneys appropriated to Oregon Educators Benefit Board.] Permits institution to agree through either institution policy or collective bargaining to pay portion of health care benefits paid for by employee. Provides that unless otherwise agreed through collective bargaining, employees who are eligible to receive health care benefits in manner specified may receive health care benefits from institution only in manner specified. Provides that any savings realized by institution are subject to collective bargaining. Directs board to determine prior to open enrollment period whether it has received sufficient funds to cover required premium payments. Provides that if board has not received sufficient funds, board may require employee share to increase and that institution is not responsible for paying insurance premiums.] Requires legacy health benefit coverage to be maintained for part-time faculty at institutions who are not eligible for health care benefits under provisions. Establishes Part-Time Faculty Insurance Fund and continuously appropriates moneys in fund to commission board]. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to higher education tuition; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that student who legally entered United States under Compact of Free Association treaty between United States and Republic of Palau, Republic of the Marshall Islands or Federated States of Micronesia and who has not previously established residence in any state or territory of United States other than Oregon qualifies for exemption from nonresident tuition and fees at public universities and is eligible to receive state and university scholarships or other financial aid. Provides that student who legally entered United States under Compact of Free Association treaty between United States and Republic of Palau, Republic of the Marshall Islands or Federated States of Micronesia and who has not previously established residence in any state or territory of United States other than Oregon qualifies for exemption from nonresident tuition and fees at public universities and is eligible to receive state and university scholarships or other financial aid. Provides that student who is refugee or special immigrant visa holder and who has not previously established residence in any state or territory of United States other than Oregon qualifies for exemption from nonresident tuition and fees at public universities and is eligible to receive state and university scholarships or other financial aid. Directs Higher Education Coordinating Commission to allocate to Eastern Oregon University difference between resident tuition and fees and nonresident tuition and fees for each eligible COFA islander enrolled at university through 2024-2025 academic year. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to firearms; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires person to secure firearm with trigger or cable lock, in locked container or in gun room except in specified circumstances. Authorizes entity that owns, occupies or controls public building to adopt ordinance, rule or policy limiting or precluding affirmative defense for possession of firearms in public buildings by concealed handgun licensees. Provides that ordinance, rule or policy may not affect possession of firearms in parking area or parking garage.] Modifies definition of "public building," for purposes of crime of possession of weapon in public building, to include certain airport areas, buildings owned, occupied or controlled by specified public bodies and real property owned by college or university. Defines "state building" and removes affirmative defense for possession of firearm in state building by concealed handgun licensee. Provides that prohibition of firearms in public buildings does not apply to person who possesses unloaded firearm in airport in locked container for transportation in accordance with federal law. Punishes violation by maximum of five years' imprisonment, $125,000 fine, or both.] Requires person to secure firearm with trigger or cable lock, in locked container or in gun room except in specified circumstances. Punishes violation by maximum of $500 fine. Punishes violation by maximum of $2,000 fine if minor obtains unsecured firearm as result of violation. Provides that failure to secure firearm as required constitutes negligence per se. Specifies exceptions. Requires owner or possessor of firearm to secure firearm with trigger or cable lock or in locked container when transferring firearm under circumstances requiring criminal background check. Punishes violation by maximum of $500 fine. Provides that transfer of unsecured firearm constitutes negligence per se. Specifies exceptions. Requires person to report loss or theft of firearm within 72 hours of time person knew or reasonably should have known of loss or theft. Provides that failure to report lost or stolen firearm constitutes negligence per se. Punishes violation of requirement by maximum of $1,000 fine. Requires person transferring firearm to minor to directly supervise minor's use of firearm. Provides that failure to supervise minor constitutes negligence per se. Authorizes person to transfer supervisory duty to another person. Specifies exceptions. Authorizes board of public university, Oregon Health and Science University, community college or school district to adopt policy providing that affirmative defense for concealed handgun licensees possessing firearms on school grounds does not apply. Provides that in prosecution for possession of firearm on school grounds subject to policy, within Capitol, or within passenger terminal of certain airports, concealed handgun licensee affirmative defense is not complete defense but results in Class A misdemeanor conviction punishable by 364 days' imprisonment, $6,250 fine, or both. Modifies definition of "public building," for purposes of crime of possession of weapon in public building, to include passenger terminal of certain airports. Creates affirmative defense to crime for persons who possess unloaded firearm in passenger terminal in locked container for transportation in accordance with federal law. Increases fees payable to county sheriff for issuance and renewal of concealed handgun license. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to in-person inspections; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Specifies that on-site inspections must be in person for health care facilities, home health agencies, residential care facilities, adult foster homes, hospice programs and qualified residential treatment programs. Specifies that on-site inspections must be in person for child-caring agencies, proctor foster homes, private residential boarding schools, foster homes, youth offender foster homes,] health care facilities, home health agencies, residential care facilities, adult foster homes, developmental disability child foster homes,] hospice programs and qualified residential treatment programs. Authorizes Governor by executive order to allow online inspections during period of statewide emergency. Allows licenses, certificates or other authorizations to be extended for up to six months during period of statewide emergency. After six months, prohibits renewal of licenses, certificates or other authorizations without in-person site inspection.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to insurance coverage of prescription drugs.. Description: Prohibits insurance policy or contract that provides coverage for prescription drug to require prescription for drug prescribed for medical assistance recipient to be filled or refilled at mail order pharmacy or to require prescription to be filled or refilled at pharmacy that is not local and enrolled in medical assistance program. Prohibits insurance policy or contract that provides coverage for prescription drug to require prescription for drug prescribed for medical assistance recipient to be filled or refilled at mail order pharmacy or to prohibit] require prescription from being] to be filled or refilled at local] pharmacy that is not local and enrolled in medical assistance program. Creates exception regarding specialty drugs.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to children; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Incorporates certain provisions of federal Indian Child Welfare Act into Oregon laws relating to youth offenders adjudicated for status offenses and to adoptions. Declares that person may not be disqualified from service as child welfare service provider based on certain traits. Declares that child, ward or youth may not be prohibited from, disciplined for or retaliated against for publicly or privately speaking about child's, ward's or youth's experience receiving child welfare services.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.] Incorporates certain provisions of federal Indian Child Welfare Act into Oregon laws relating to youth offenders adjudicated for status offenses and to adoptions. Enhances state protections for Indian children in certain situations. Authorizes juvenile court to approve tribal customary adoption as permanency option for wards who are Indian children. Modifies court process to determine whether there is reason to know child is Indian child. Makes technical corrections to child welfare laws involving Indian children. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to youth suicide; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies laws relating to youth suicide intervention and prevention to include children 5 to 10 years of age. Modifies laws relating to youth suicide intervention and prevention to include children 5 to 10 years of age. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to student demographic data at post-secondary institutions of education.. Description: Requires Higher Education Coordinating Commission to design question or questions allowing each student to identify whether student is parent or person acting as parent or legal guardian that may be placed on one or more forms used on annual basis to collect demographic information by public post-secondary institutions of education. Requires Higher Education Coordinating Commission to design question or questions allowing each student to identify whether student is parent or person acting as parent or legal guardian that will] may be placed on one or more forms used on annual basis to collect demographic information by public post-secondary institutions of education. Permits post-secondary institutions to continue to use existing forms that do not include question or questions. Requires each public post-secondary institution of education to make data available to commission. Requires commission to establish format and time frame for collection and reporting of demographic data, to evaluate public post-secondary institution of education compliance with collecting and providing data and to report to each regular session of Legislative Assembly on status of collecting and providing data.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to slayers; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies definition of "slayer" to include individuals who are found responsible or guilty except for insanity of taking person's life. Modifies definition of "slayer" to include individuals who are found responsible or guilty except for insanity of taking person's life. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to consent; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Removes term "mentally defective" from statutes defining sexual offenses. Removes term "mentally defective" from statutes defining sexual offenses. Provides that person is incapable of consenting to sexual act if person is incapable of appraising nature of person's conduct. Directs trier of fact to consider certain criteria when determining whether victim had] Specifies meaning of capability of appraising nature of victim's] person's conduct. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to discrimination in provision of health care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Includes as unlawful practice medical provider's denial of treatment that is likely to benefit patient based on patient's race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age or disability. Includes as unlawful practice medical provider's denial of treatment that is likely to benefit patient based on patient's race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age or disability. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to proof of driver's license for employment purposes.. Description: Makes unlawful employment practice for employer to require employee or prospective employee to possess or present valid driver license as condition of employment or continuation of employment. Makes unlawful employment practice for employer to require employee or prospective employee to possess or present valid driver license as condition of employment or continuation of employment. Requires employer to accept other forms of identification that are deemed acceptable for purposes of federal forms used to verify identification or employment authorization. Permits employer to accept driver license as identification if voluntarily offered by employee or prospective employee.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to vulnerable youth; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies protective proceedings to permit vulnerable youth guardianships for adults between 18 and 21 years of age who are eligible for special immigrant status and who are unable to be reunified with parent due to abuse, neglect or abandonment that occurred before adult attained 18 years of age. Modifies protective proceedings to permit vulnerable youth guardianships for adults between 18 and 21 years of age who are eligible for special immigrant status and who are unable to be reunified with parent due to abuse, neglect or abandonment that occurred before adult attained 18 years of age. Creates exceptions to certain protective proceeding procedural requirements in vulnerable youth guardianships. Exempts vulnerable youth guardianships from court fees. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to juvenile records; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies procedure for expunction of certain juvenile records. Modifies procedure for expunction of certain juvenile records. Directs juvenile department to initiate statutory expunction process for juvenile records relating to contact that did not result in referral to juvenile court. Directs juvenile department to apply for expunction of juvenile records if juvenile had contact with juvenile department but was never found to be under jurisdiction of juvenile court. Changes punishment for releasing all or part of expunged record from misdemeanor to violation punishable by maximum of $2,000 fine. Modifies process for access to counsel for persons seeking to file application for expunction of juvenile records. Directs Oregon Youth Authority, in collaboration with county juvenile departments and Judicial Department, to submit report and recommendations for legislation regarding juvenile expunction process to interim committees of Legislative Assembly relating to juveniles. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to appointment of legal counsel for certain persons in protective proceedings.. Description: Requires court, under certain circumstances, to appoint legal counsel for respondent or protected person in protective proceeding. Requires court, under certain circumstances, to appoint legal counsel for respondent or protected person in protective proceeding. Requires payment for appointed counsel from guardianship or conservatorship estate of respondent or protected person or at state expense. Provides for phase-in among counties over three-year period beginning in 2022. Directs certain county circuit courts to make annual reports regarding protective proceeding statistics to Judicial Department.] Directs Judicial Department to present results of reports in report] submit annual report regarding protective proceeding statistics to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary. Sunsets reporting requirement on January 2, 2025.].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to mandatory subjects of collective bargaining.. Description: Amends definition of "employment relations" to include class size and caseload limits as mandatory collective bargaining subjects in schools that qualify for certain federal assistance. Amends definition of "employment relations" to include class size and caseload limits as mandatory collective bargaining subjects for school districts] in schools that qualify for certain federal assistance.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to modernizing Oregon's recycling system.. Description: Establishes producer responsibility program for packaging, printing and writing paper and food serviceware. Establishes producer responsibility program for packaging, printing and writing paper and food serviceware. Requires producers of covered products to join producer responsibility organization that implements producer responsibility program plan approved by Department of Environmental Quality. Directs department to establish uniform statewide collection list for recyclable materials. Establishes Oregon Recycling System Advisory Council. Establishes Truth in Labeling Task Force. Repeals labeling requirements for rigid plastic bottles and containers. Requires commingled recycling processing facility to obtain disposal site permit. Prohibits delivery of certain recyclable materials to recycling processing facility other than permitted or certified facility. Imposes civil penalty not to exceed $25,000 for each violation of provisions of Act.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to public health; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Department of Revenue to issue license to qualified retailers of tobacco products and inhalant delivery systems that do not hold license or other authorization issued by city or local public health authority. Requires Department of Revenue to issue license to qualified retailers of tobacco products and inhalant delivery systems that do not hold license or other authorization issued by city or local public health authority. Defines "tobacco products" and "inhalant delivery system." Allows department to impose civil penalty for specified violations. Continuously appropriates moneys in suspense account to department for specified purposes. Directs department, Oregon Health Authority and local public health authorities to share information for effective administration of Act and cigarette and tobacco tax laws and to enter into agreements for purposes of collecting fees imposed by Oregon Health Authority and local public health authorities. Allows Oregon Health Authority to impose civil penalty for violation of certain state public health and safety laws related to tobacco products and inhalant delivery systems. Continuously appropriates moneys in Oregon Health Authority Fund to authority for purposes of administration and enforcement. Allows local public health authority to enforce local standards for regulation of sale of tobacco products and inhalant delivery systems or enforce state standards for regulation of sale of tobacco products and inhalant delivery systems. Prohibits city or local public health authority from adopting ordinance, after effective date of Act, to prohibit colocation of retailer of tobacco products or inhalant delivery systems with pharmacy. Allows certain cities and local public health authorities to require license or other authorization issued by city or local public health authority to make retail sales of tobacco products or inhalant delivery systems. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die. .
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sick time exemption for certain employees covered by collective bargaining agreements; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides that employer signatories to multiemployer collective bargaining agreements are considered to have met minimum requirements of sick time provisions if terms of collective bargaining agreement provide, as benefit to employees subject to agreement, sick leave policy or other paid time off program that is substantially equivalent to or more generous than minimum requirements of sick time provisions. Provides that employer signatories to multiemployer collective bargaining agreements are considered to have met minimum requirements of sick time provisions if terms of collective bargaining agreement provide, as benefit to employees subject to agreement, sick leave policy or other paid time off program that is substantially equivalent to or more generous than minimum requirements of sick time provisions. Removes provision that exempts certain employees who are covered under collective bargaining agreement from sick leave requirements. Provides that minimum sick time requirements do not apply to certain longshore workers. Declares emergency, effective on passage.] Takes effect on January 1, 2023.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to a regional transmission organization; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires State Department of Energy to prepare report identifying benefits, opportunities and challenges posed by development or expansion of regional transmission organization in this state. Requires State Department of Energy to establish public process for purpose of investigating potential costs and benefits that would arise from electric utilities participation in regional transmission organization. Requires department to report findings to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to energy and business no later than September 15, 2022.] Sunsets January 2, 2023.] Requires State Department of Energy to prepare report identifying benefits, opportunities and challenges posed by development or expansion of regional transmission organization in this state. Requires department to follow certain procedures in preparing report. Requires department to provide report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to energy no later than December 31, 2021. Sunsets January 2, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to rangeland protection associations.. Description: Includes land used primarily for cultivating crops within definition of "rangeland" for purposes of organizing rangeland protection association and providing fire protection for rangeland. Includes land used primarily for cultivating crops within definition of "rangeland" for purposes of organizing rangeland protection association and providing fire protection for rangeland.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to statewide summative assessments; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Removes sunset on requirement that students must receive certain information related to statewide summative assessments. Removes sunset on requirement that students must receive certain information related to statewide summative assessments. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to supervision fees.. Description: Repeals obligation of persons on supervision to pay supervision fees. Provides that monthly supervision fee for person under supervision of community corrections program is not automatically required, but may be required by program.] Repeals obligation of persons on supervision to pay supervision fees.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to effect of collective bargaining laws on local laws.. Description: Upholds, under certain circumstances, local laws concerning local community oversight board established to oversee disciplinary matters concerning law enforcement officers, notwithstanding collective bargaining laws that require bargaining over such matters. Upholds, under certain circumstances, local laws concerning local community oversight board established to oversee disciplinary matters concerning law enforcement officers, notwithstanding collective bargaining laws that require bargaining over such matters.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to levees; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires at least 60 percent of dollar value of grants awarded from Levee Project Grant Fund to be used to provide assistance with levee projects to rural or distressed areas. Authorizes issuance of $10 million in lottery bonds for deposit in Levee Project Grant Fund to be used to provide grants for levee projects.] Requires at least 60 percent of dollar value of grants awarded from Levee Project Grant Fund to be used to provide assistance with levee projects to rural or distressed areas. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to workforce development; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs State Workforce and Talent Development Board to establish Committee for Continuous Improvement to assess effectiveness of Oregon's public workforce development system. Requires local workforce development boards to evaluate programs administered by state workforce agencies through WorkSource Oregon system. Requires agencies to provide boards with information for performance evaluation.] Requires annual report to Legislative Assembly and Governor listing all programs delivered through WorkSource Oregon and identifying program problems and potential solutions.] Requires state workforce agencies to annually provide to each local workforce development board information on amount of fund availability and services provided by agencies in each local workforce development area. Requires agencies to also provide to boards quarterly expenditure and performance information for each workforce program delivered by agency through WorkSource Oregon.] Requires state workforce agencies to implement all recommendations made by local workforce development board during program evaluation, unless recommendation is prohibited by federal or state law.] Requires Governor to collaborate with members of Legislative Assembly to establish funding formula to support WorkSource Oregon evaluation.] Authorizes Higher Education Coordinating Commission to provide grants to local workforce development boards for paid work experiences for youth.] Authorizes commission to establish pilot programs to provide grants to local workforce development boards to work with organizations to enhance adult learning.] Requires State Workforce and Talent Development Board to convene representatives from state workforce agencies and local workforce development boards to identify program and system changes to support individuals and business most impacted by COVID-19 pandemic and 2020 wildfire disasters. Requires report on findings to be submitted to Governor and Legislative Assembly within 45 days of effective date of Act.] Directs State Workforce and Talent Development Board to establish Committee for Continuous Improvement to assess effectiveness of Oregon's public workforce development system. Requires committee to identify and contract with independent third-party entity to conduct assessment and develop recommendations prioritizing needs of individuals and businesses most impacted by COVID-19 pandemic, no later than September 30, 2021. Sets forth requirements for developing recommendations. Requires committee to submit to State Workforce and Talent Development Board report that includes results of assessment and recommendations. Directs board to approve report and submit copy of report to Governor and interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to workforce development, no later than 45 days after receipt of report. Requires that, once every even-numbered year, Committee for Continuous Improvement identify and contract with independent third-party entity to conduct comprehensive assessment of Oregon's public workforce system and make recommendations for improvements. Establishes requirements for comprehensive assessment. Requires committee to present results of each assessment, along with recommendations for improvements, in reports to Governor and interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to workforce development, on or before December 15 of each even-numbered year. Requires committee to include in first report submitted to Governor and committees of Legislative Assembly update regarding implementation of recommendations from initial assessment. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to telepharmacy; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows pharmacist to use telepharmacy to deliver pharmacy services to patient at remote location. Allows pharmacist to use telepharmacy to deliver pharmacy services to patient at remote location. Defines "telepharmacy." Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to mailing of notices.. Description: Provides that when state agency is required by statute to mail certain notice to individual, and agency has on file post office box address for individual, agency must mail notice to post office box address if address is individual's last known address on file or address to which individual has requested that notices be sent. Provides that when state agency is required by statute to mail certain notice to person] individual, and agency has on file post office box address for person] individual, agency must mail notice to post office box address if address is individual's last known address on file or address to which individual has requested that notices be sent.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sexual abuse in the second degree.. Description: Increases penalties for criminal sexual contact with underage victim when defendant is victim's teacher. Increases penalties for criminal sexual contact with underage victim when defendant is victim's teacher. Punishes by maximum of five years' imprisonment, $125,000 fine, or both. Directs Oregon Criminal Justice Commission to classify certain instances of sexual abuse in the second degree committed by teacher as crime category 8.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to probation conditions.. Description: Requires supervising officer to notify probationer of right to file objection and have hearing concerning officer's proposed modification to special conditions of probation. Requires supervising officer to notify probationer of right to file objection and have hearing concerning officer's proposed modification to special conditions of probation. Provides that] Authorizes probationer or probationer's attorney may] to file objection to proposed modification to special conditions of probation].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to preexisting condition exclusions; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Prohibits grandfathered health plan from imposing preexisting condition exclusion. Prohibits grandfathered health plan from imposing preexisting condition exclusion. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to substance abuse treatment; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Oregon Health Authority to adopt rules requiring opioid treatment center, as condition for approval to operate in this state, to accept Medicare payments as reimbursement for cost of services provided by center. Requires Oregon Health Authority to adopt rules requiring opioid treatment center, as condition for approval to operate in this state, to accept Medicare payments as reimbursement for cost of services provided by center. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to social studies standards.. Description: Directs State Board of Education to review social studies standards. Directs State Board of Education to review social studies standards. Prescribes requirements for review.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to community-based care providers.. Description: Adds direct care worker or representative of direct care worker to Quality Measurement Council. Adds direct care worker or representative of direct care worker to Quality Measurement Council. Requires residential care facility to update uniform disclosure statement and submit statement to Department of Human Services any time there is change in management or ownership. Directs department to conduct study of cost of care in, sufficiency of reimbursement paid to and average compensation paid to staff in residential care facilities. Requires department to report results of study to Legislative Assembly by January 1, 2023, and to publicly report aggregate, deidentified data from study. Sunsets on January 2, 2023.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to prohibiting defenses based on certain characteristics of the victim.. Description: Provides that discovery of victim's actual or perceived gender, gender identity, gender expression or sexual orientation does not constitute reasonable explanation for extreme emotional disturbance for purposes of affirmative defense to murder in the second degree. Provides that discovery of victim's actual or perceived gender, gender identity, gender expression or sexual orientation does not constitute reasonable explanation for extreme emotional disturbance for purposes of affirmative defense to murder in the second degree. Provides that person is not justified in using physical force upon other person if person would not have used physical force but for discovery of other person's actual or perceived gender, gender identity, gender expression or sexual orientation.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to notices to children placed in out-of-state residential facilities; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Human Services to provide certain notices to children and wards whom department placed in out-of-state residential facilities between January 1, 2016, and June 30, 2020, and upon request to provide representatives of children and wards with certain documentation and information. Directs Department of Human Services to provide certain notices to children and wards whom department placed in out-of-state residential facilities between January 1, 2016, and June 30, 2020, and upon request to provide representatives of children and wards with certain documentation and information. Directs department to obtain records from out-of-state residential facilities in which department placed child or ward between January 1, 2016, and June 30, 2020. Requires department to retain records for 20 years. Sunsets January 2, 2022] 2043. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to children in care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies allowed and prohibited uses of restraint of children in care by certain programs. Modifies allowed and prohibited uses of restraint of children in care by certain programs. Directs certain facilities to establish procedures to be followed when child in care is placed in restraint or involuntary seclusion. Prescribes reporting requirements following administration of restraint or involuntary seclusion. Requires certain programs to submit quarterly reports to Department of Human Services regarding use of restraints and involuntary seclusion on children in care. Directs department to adopt rules for individuals to be certified in administration of restraints and involuntary seclusion. Requires provision of information to children in care regarding how to report suspected inappropriate use of restraint or involuntary seclusion. Modifies definition of "developmental disabilities residential facility." Defines "secure transportation services provider." Requires person or organization making referral related to use of secure transportation services provider to provide referral disclosure. Requires secure transportation services provider that transports children on highways of this state along route beginning or ending in this state to or from certain schools, agencies, organizations or programs located in this state or any other state to be licensed by department as child-caring agency. Increases specified appropriations from General Fund to Department of Human Services for biennium beginning July 1, 2021, for purposes of carrying out Act. Increases specified limitations on expenditures by department for biennium beginning July 1, 2021, for purposes of carrying out Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage] September 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to gender disparities in cost of pharmaceuticals; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Department of Consumer and Business Services to study cost differences in hormone replacement drugs used by men and hormone replacement drugs used by women and report findings to Legislative Assembly no later than September 15, 2022. Requires Department of Consumer and Business Services to study cost differences in hormone replacement drugs used by men and hormone replacement drugs used by women and report findings to Legislative Assembly no later than September 15, 2022. Requires department to keep strictly confidential information submitted in accordance with prescription drug price transparency program that is collected, used or relied upon for study, if information is not already in public domain and is confidential, proprietary or trade secret. Sunsets January 2, 2023. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to members of Higher Education Coordinating Commission.. Description: Alters commissioner composition of Higher Education Coordinating Commission by redesignating five current nonvoting positions as voting positions and by adding one additional position for graduate student attending public university. Alters commissioner composition of Higher Education Coordinating Commission by redesignating five current nonvoting positions as voting positions and by adding one additional position for graduate student attending public university.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to applying to post-secondary institutions of education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits public or private post-secondary institution of education from requiring prospective student to disclose whether prospective student has criminal conviction before institution makes final determination on whether to admit student. Prohibits public or private post-secondary institution of education from requiring prospective student to disclose whether prospective student has criminal conviction before institution makes final determination on whether to admit student. Requires materials or websites created by institution that are routinely used by prospective students when deciding whether to apply for admission to include notification to prospective students if institution determined that particular course, apprenticeship, program, major or degree pathway is likely to lead to professional licensure requirements that may exclude individuals with criminal convictions. Exempts from requirements any course, apprenticeship, program, major or degree pathway at institution where applicants apply via direct entry and institution has determined that individuals with criminal backgrounds are likely to encounter barriers to licensure or practicum placements. Requires that any course, apprenticeship, program, major or degree pathway that uses exemption to deny admission to applicant based on prior criminal conviction must notify applicant and allow applicant to appeal decision under formal process established by institution. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to residential care facility staffing; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires Department of Human Services to establish specified requirements for use of acuity-based staffing tool by residential care facilities. Requires Department of Human Services to establish specified requirements for use of acuity-based staffing tool by residential care facilities. Requires department to assess staffing levels each time department conducts survey, license approval or investigation into certain types of complaints. Specifies requirements for assessment of staffing levels. Requires department to take specified steps if facility is not using acuity-based staffing tool or is not meeting scheduled and unscheduled needs of residents at all times. Requires department to complete pilot of acuity-based staffing tool by January 1, 2022, and requires facility with memory care endorsement to adopt acuity-based staffing tool by February 1, 2022. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to work scheduling; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Includes child care needs as reason employee may identify as limitation or change in employee's work schedule availability. Requires employers to reasonably accommodate employee's work schedule availability related to child care.] Includes child care needs as reason employee may identify as limitation or change in employee's work schedule availability. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to taxation; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes elective entity-level, pass-through business alternative income tax. Establishes elective entity-level, pass-through business alternative income tax. Imposes tax based on sum of members' shares of distributive proceeds. Transfers proceeds of tax to General Fund. Creates refundable personal income tax credit allowable to members of pass-through entity that elects to pay entity level tax. Allows credit in amount of member's pro rata share of entity-level tax paid. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2022, and before January 1, 2024. Repeals entity-level tax and related personal income tax credit. Becomes operative upon repeal of federal provision limiting personal income tax deduction for state and local taxes paid. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to decedents' estates.. Description: Modifies provisions of law relating to administration of decedents' estates. Modifies provisions of law relating to administration of decedents' estates. Allows party to amend complaint to substitute personal representative of defendant's estate for deceased defendant in certain circumstances.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to tribal police officers.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to tribal police officers. Modifies provisions relating to tribal police officers.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to educational equity advisory committees; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Requires school districts to establish educational equity advisory committee. Requires school districts to establish educational equity advisory committee. Prescribes duties and membership of committees. Takes effect July 1, 2022.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Central Oregon Health Council.. Description: Repeals sunset on and obsolete reporting requirement for Central Oregon Health Council. Repeals sunset on and obsolete reporting requirement for Central Oregon Health Council.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to State School Fund calculations for virtual public charter schools; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires, for purposes of calculating district extended ADMw for State School Fund distributions, calculation for virtual public charter school to be separate from calculation for school district if, compared to previous school year, school district has decreasing enrollment. Requires, for purposes of calculating district extended ADMw for State School Fund distributions, calculation for virtual public charter school to be separate from calculation for school district if, compared to previous school year, school district has decreasing enrollment. Modifies calculation of district extended ADMw for school district that is sponsor of virtual public charter school with decreasing enrollment for 2021-2022 or 2022-2023 school year. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to high school diploma requirements; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Education to review state requirements for high school diploma and to make recommendations related to requirements. Directs Department of Education to review state requirements for high school diploma and to make recommendations related to requirements. Requires department to provide report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to education and to State Board of Education. Suspends requirement of showing proficiency in Essential Learning Skills as condition of earning diploma during 2021-2022, or] 2022-2023 or 2023-2024 school year. Prohibits State Board of Education from requiring for high school diploma that student show proficiency in any academic content area if student successfully completed credit requirements. Applies to high school diplomas awarded on or after July 1, 2023.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to domestic water supply districts; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides alternative criteria for domestic water supply district located in area covered by major disaster declaration related to September 2020 wildfires to exercise powers of sanitary district. Provides alternative criteria for domestic water supply district located in area covered by major disaster declaration related to September 2020 wildfires to exercise powers of sanitary district. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to benefit plans.. Description: Requires Public Employees' Benefit Board, Oregon Educators Benefit Board and private insurers to provide insurance coverage to adult disabled children of insureds under certain circumstances. Requires Public Employees' Benefit Board, Oregon Educators Benefit Board and private insurers to provide insurance coverage to adult disabled children and adult disabled siblings] of insureds under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to residential care referrals; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires residential care referral agent to be registered with Department of Human Services. Requires residential care referral agent to be registered with Department of Human Services. Imposes certain requirements on residential care referral agents. Makes residential care referral agent mandatory reporter of child abuse. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission.. Description: Authorizes Oregon Liquor Control Commission to grant temporary letter of authority to eligible applicant for any license issued by commission. Authorizes Oregon Liquor Control Commission to grant temporary letter of authority to eligible applicant for any license issued by commission. Specifies that temporary letter of authority may be valid for up to 180 days.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to pretrial discovery.. Description: Modifies definition of "disclose" for purposes of discovery requirements in criminal cases. Requires party in criminal case to provide hard copy or electronic copy of discovery material to adverse party unless copy cannot reasonably be provided.] Requires district attorney to disclose prior conviction record of all persons associated with investigation. Expands statutory obligation of district attorney to disclose exculpatory evidence and impeachment evidence. Modifies timing of disclosures.] Provides that remedy for violation of discovery obligation may be dismissal of charges, or dismissal of charges with prejudice if violation concerned exculpatory evidence or impeachment evidence.] Establishes procedures for taking of depositions in criminal cases.] Modifies definition of "disclose" for purposes of discovery requirements in criminal cases. Requires provision of copy of, or opportunity to conduct testing on, certain material or information subject to disclosure. Provides that exculpatory material or information must be disclosed to defendant regardless of whether material or information is recorded or in writing.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sexual abuse offenses.. Description: Provides that defendant's reasonable belief that victim consented constitutes affirmative defense in certain prosecutions for sexual abuse in the second degree and sexual abuse in the third degree. Provides that defendant's reasonable belief that victim consented constitutes affirmative defense in certain prosecutions for sexual abuse in the second degree and sexual abuse in the third degree. Provides that person convicted of sexual abuse in the second degree is not required to report as sex offender in certain circumstances.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to substance use; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies and provides for implementation of Ballot Measure 110 (2020). Modifies and provides for implementation of Ballot Measure 110 (2020). Renames "Addiction Recovery Center" as "Behavioral Health Resource Network" and modifies services that must be provided by networks. Renames "24/7" triage as "screening" and specifies requirements for screening. Requires Oversight and Accountability Council to provide grants and funding to agencies and organizations to establish Behavioral Health Resource Networks. Modifies requirements for receiving grants and funding. If money remains available after grants and funding are committed to Behavioral Health Resource Networks, requires counties to provide grants and funding to other agencies or organizations to provide specified services. Requires grants and funding to be disbursed to ensure at lease one Behavioral Health Network is established within each county by January 1, 2022. Modifies quorum requirement for council. Provides that members of council are subject to provisions of ORS chapter 244, including requirement to submit statements of economic interest to Oregon Government Ethics Commission. Requires Oregon Health Authority to post on website information about recipients of grants or funding. Removes sunset on Behavioral Health Resource Network statewide telephone hotline established by authority. Specifies requirements for hotline. Directs Division of Audits of office of Secretary of State to conduct performance audits and financial reviews, beginning with real-time audit no later than December 31, 2023. Specifies scope of audits and financial reviews. Requires authority to quarterly report to Legislative Assembly on expenditures from Drug Treatment and Recovery Services Fund. Requires authority to report to interim subcommittee of Joint Committee on Ways and Means related to human services specified information about grants and funding awarded. Provides that minimum fine for Class E violation is $45. Directs court to dismiss Class E violation citation upon receiving verification that person completed substance use disorder screening. Requires enforcement officer issuing Class E violation citation to provide person receiving citation with information concerning how person may obtain screening. Directs Legislative Assembly to allocate moneys deposited into Criminal Fine Account as payment of fines on Class E violations to Drug Treatment and Recovery Services Fund. Provides that person may not be charged with crime of failure to appear on Class E violation. Prohibits juvenile court from waiving Class E violation proceeding to municipal court. Authorizes youth to enter into formal accountability agreement on Class E violation. Provides that municipal and justice courts have no jurisdiction over Class E violations. Makes possession of substantial quantity of Schedule I controlled substance, including heroin, lysergic acid diethylamide, 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine, psilocybin or psilocin, Class B felony punishable by maximum of 10 years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine, or both. Provides that possession of substantial quantity of Schedule II controlled substance, including cocaine, methamphetamine and fentanyl, constitutes Class C felony punishable by maximum of five years' imprisonment, $125,000 fine, or both. Reduces penalties for possession of less than 40 pills, tablets, capsules or user units of hydrocodone to Class E violation punishable by maximum of $100 fine. Establishes substantial quantities of fentanyl for purposes of unlawful delivery, manufacture and possession offenses and mandatory sentences. Authorizes use of presumptive test for controlled substances as prima facie evidence of identity of controlled substance in Class E violation proceeding. Authorizes district attorney to initiate Class E violation proceeding when person is charged with offense that would constitute Class E violation had offense been committed on or after February 1, 2021. Makes form and style changes to provisions in Ballot Measure 110 (202
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to children; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits availability of conditional enrollment in Central Background Registry to individuals who have successfully completed criminal background check in Oregon and, if applicable, in state of residence. Limits availability of conditional enrollment in Central Background Registry to individuals who have successfully completed criminal background check in Oregon and, if applicable, in state of residence. Modifies definition of "exempt prohibited individual" to include individuals whose certification or registration has been revoked or whose enrollment in Central Background Registry has been removed only if revocation or removal was for cause. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to collective bargaining rights of legislative employees.. Description: Directs presiding officers of each house of Legislative Assembly to represent legislative department in collective bargaining negotiations with legislative department employee bargaining units. Directs Legislative Administrator] presiding officers of each house of Legislative Assembly to represent legislative department in collective bargaining negotiations with legislative department employee bargaining units. Permits presiding officers to delegate collective bargaining responsibility to chief negotiator. Clarifies that only state agencies within executive department are to be represented by Oregon Department of Administrative Services in collective bargaining negotiations.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to elk.. Description: Expands pilot program for urban deer population control to include elk. Expands pilot program for urban deer population control to include elk.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to wildfire; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Public Utility Commission to convene workshops. Directs Public Utility Commission to convene workshops. Requires public utility that provides electricity to have wildfire protection plan. Provides that violation is subject to civil penalty not to exceed $10,000. Requires consumer-owned utility to have wildfire mitigation plan. Directs State Board of Forestry to establish criteria for developing statewide map of wildfire risk, establish Certified Burn Manager program and report to Legislative Assembly on or before December 1, 2021. Directs State Fire Marshal to establish defensible space requirements, administer community risk reduction program and biannually report to Legislative Assembly, State Wildfire Programs Director and Wildfire Programs Advisory Council. Establishes Community Risk Reduction Fund in State Treasury. Directs Department of Land Conservation and Development to identify certain land use updates and report to Legislative Assembly, State Wildfire Programs Director and Wildfire Programs Advisory Council on or before October 1, 2022. Directs Department of Consumer and Business Services to adopt certain building code standards. Directs Department of Environmental Quality to undertake programs concerning impacts of wildfire smoke, readiness and mitigation capacity for smoke and ambient air quality. Directs Department of Human Services to establish grant program related to clean air shelters and smoke filtration systems and report to Legislative Assembly, State Wildfire Programs Director and Wildfire Programs Advisory Council no later than June 30, 2023. Directs Office of Emergency Management to update statewide emergency plan to prepare for or respond to wildfire emergencies. Directs State Forestry Department to implement program to reduce wildfire risk, report to Legislative Assembly, Governor, State Wildfire Programs Director and Wildfire Programs Advisory Council no later than January 15, 2022, and July 15, 2023, establish small forestland grant program, adopt certain rules concerning prescribed fires, establish system of smoke detection cameras and assess and improve wildfire response capacity. Establishes Oregon Conservation Corps Program and Oregon Conservation Corps Advisory Committee. Establishes Oregon Conservation Corps Fund in State Treasury. Makes certain changes concerning wildland-urban interface. Directs Governor to appoint State Wildfire Programs Director. Establishes Wildfire Programs Advisory Council. Requires council to annually report to Governor and Legislative Assembly. For certain entities, for specified purposes, appropriates moneys from General Fund, increases appropriations from General Fund and increases limitations on expenditures. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to licensing pharmaceutical representatives; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides that person may not engage in business as pharmaceutical representative without obtaining license from Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services. Provides that person may not engage in business as pharmaceutical representative without obtaining license from Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services. Specifies application requirements and procedures, required qualifications of] professional educational requirements for licensee and basis on which director may issue, renew or reinstate license. Prescribes certain duties of and] Prohibits certain actions by licensee. Enables director to punish violations of Act by suspending ,] or revoking or refusing to renew or reinstate] license and by imposing civil penalty of not less than $1,000 and not more than $3,000 for violation of Act. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to notaries; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Makes permanent provisions allowing notary public to perform notarial act using communication technology for remotely located individual under certain circumstances. Makes permanent provisions allowing notary public to perform notarial act using communication technology for remotely located individual under certain circumstances. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to sexual abuse restraining orders; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies date of expiration of sexual abuse restraining order for orders entered when petitioner was under 18 years of age. Modifies date of expiration of sexual abuse restraining order for orders entered when petitioner was under 18 years of age. Specifies procedures when service on respondent of sexual abuse restraining order is completed by alternative service. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to courts.. Description: Allows signature of judgment creditor or attorney signing satisfaction document to be notarized or accompanied by declaration under penalty of perjury. Allows signature of judgment creditor or attorney signing satisfaction document to be notarized or accompanied by declaration under penalty of perjury. Modifies requirements for filing small claims action in justice court. Allows statement of claim to be attested by affidavit or by declaration under penalty of perjury. Allows defendant to enter plea of no contest to violation citation by entering plea with Violations Bureau established by court.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Oregon State Bar; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to attorneys. Modifies provisions relating to attorneys. Clarifies that Insurance Code does not apply to professional liability fund established by Oregon State Bar. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Office of Immigrant and Refugee Advancement; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Office of Immigrant and Refugee Advancement to operate statewide immigrant and refugee integration strategy. Establishes Office of Immigrant and Refugee Advancement to implement and oversee] operate statewide immigrant and refugee integration strategy. Directs Governor to appoint director of office.] Provides that director of office is chosen through open hiring process. Appropriates funds to office. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to clinical laboratories.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to providing results of tests to patients. Modifies provisions relating to providing results of tests to patients.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to information about children; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Exempts from disclosure as public record personally identifiable information about child under age of 16 years that is submitted to State Fish and Wildlife Commission or agent of commission to obtain license, tag or permit under wildlife laws. Exempts from disclosure as public record personally identifiable information about child under age of 16 years that is submitted to State Fish and Wildlife Commission or agent of commission to obtain license, tag or permit under wildlife laws. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to parks user fees; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes fee differential for nonresident users of areas established and maintained by State Parks and Recreation Department and relating to recreational vehicles. Establishes fee differential for nonresident users of areas established and maintained by State Parks and Recreation Department and relating to recreational vehicles. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Oregon Essential Workforce Health Care Program in Oregon Health Authority to provide supplemental payments, as approved by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, to long term care facilities, residential facilities and in-home care agencies that elect to participate and meet specified requirements, to be used to provide health care benefits to employees of facilities. Establishes Oregon Essential Workforce Health Care Program in Oregon Health Authority to provide health care to employees of] supplemental payments, as approved by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, to long term care facilities, residential care] facilities and in-home care agencies that elect to participate in medical assistance program. Directs authority to contract with entity to administer program] and meet specified requirements, to be used to provide health care benefits to employees of facilities. Exempts from Insurance Code association or group of employers administering self-insured program to provide health insurance coverage if association or group meets specified criteria. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to catalytic converters.. Description: Prohibits scrap metal business from purchasing or receiving catalytic converters, except from commercial seller or owner of vehicle from which catalytic converter was removed. Prohibits scrap metal business from purchasing or receiving catalytic converters, except from commercial seller or owner of vehicle from which catalytic converter was removed. Modifies record keeping requirements for purchase or receipt of metal property. Modifies defense to charge of unlawfully transporting metal property. Adds certain conduct to offense of purchasing or receiving metal property. Prohibits dismantler from acquiring catalytic converter that has been removed from vehicle.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to vertical homeownership structures; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Permits Construction Contractors Board to establish voluntary certification program for residential general master builder of vertical homeownership structures and other structures and to define vertical homeowner structure by rule. Specifies length of period within which person or public body may bring action for construction defect in vertical homeownership structures as six years. Defines "vertical homeownership structure.] Permits Department of Consumer and Business Services to adopt Vertical Homeownership Structure Code to govern construction of vertical homeownership structures. Requires department, if department establishes code, to also develop uniform permitting system and inspection checklist for vertical homeownership structures.] Transfers master builder program from Department of Consumer and Business Services to Construction Contractors Board and permits board to establish master builder certification program for vertical homeownership structures.] Permits State Board of Architect Examiners and State Board of Examiners for Engineering and Land Surveying to establish certification programs for architects and engineers that will design or participate in constructing vertical homeownership structures.] Becomes operative on January 1, 2022.] Permits Construction Contractors Board to establish voluntary certification program for residential general master builder of vertical homeownership structures and other structures and to define vertical homeowner structure by rule. Specifies minimum education and training requirements for master builder certification. Permits board to establish and charge fees to applicants for certification that are necessary to administer certification program. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to alcoholic beverages; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Includes "fortified cider" in definition of "cider." Allows holder of winery license to purchase from Oregon Liquor Control Commission distilled liquors for fortifying cider. Includes "fortified cider" in definition of "cider." Allows holder of winery license to purchase from Oregon Liquor Control Commission distilled liquors for fortifying cider. Allows holder of direct shipper permit to ship up to five cases of wine per month to Oregon resident.] Allows county to become licensee of commission. Deletes requirement that commission charge application fee for new licenses. Provides that commission may allow applicant to defer or waive payment of annual license fee if Governor declares state of emergency. Provides that provisions of chapter __, Oregon Laws 2021 (Enrolled Senate Bill 317), allowing for sale of mixed drinks and single servings of wine for off-premises consumption become operative on passage of this Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to cannabis; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Includes in definition of "peace officer" regulatory specialist exercising authority of Oregon Liquor Control Commission related to marijuana. Directs Oregon Liquor Control Commission to study cannabis. Requires report to interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary.] Sunsets January 2, 2022.] Includes in definition of "peace officer" regulatory specialist exercising authority of Oregon Liquor Control Commission related to marijuana. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to child support.. Description: Modifies eligibility requirements for exception to income withholding for child support obligations. Directs Department of Justice to study and make recommendations on provisions of state law related to child support. Requires department to submit report on findings to Legislative Assembly by January 1, 2023.] Modifies eligibility requirements for exception to income withholding for child support obligations.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to civil proceedings; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Clarifies applicability of provisions extending time to commence action or give notice of claim when expiration of time falls within state of emergency related to COVID-19. Directs State Court Administrator to study civil proceedings. Requires report to interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary.] Sunsets January 2, 2023.] Clarifies applicability of provisions extending time to commence action or give notice of claim when expiration of time falls within state of emergency related to COVID-19. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to monetary obligations arising out of juvenile delinquency matters; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Eliminates fees, court costs and fines associated with juvenile delinquency matters. Eliminates fees, court costs and fines associated with juvenile delinquency matters. Provides for appointment of court-appointed counsel at state expense in all juvenile delinquency matters. Removes parental support obligation for youths, youth offenders or young persons in state custody. Applies retroactively, rendering as satisfied judgments with outstanding balances and waiving accrued interest, fees and collection expenses on those balances. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to petitions for conviction reconsideration.. Description: Establishes procedure by which district attorney and incarcerated person may jointly petition sentencing court for reconsideration of conviction and sentence. Establishes procedure by which district attorney and incarcerated person may jointly petition sentencing court for reconsideration of conviction and sentence. Authorizes court to, upon granting petition, resentence person on original conviction, vacate previous judgment of conviction, accept plea to new offense and impose sentence on new offense. Directs district attorney to notify victim or survivor of victim] in trauma-informed manner when petition is filed, provide victim with copy of petition and inform victim of reconsideration hearing and process. Directs court to allow victim to make statement at hearing on petition.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to support orders.. Description: Creates process to rebut presumption of inability to pay support order after support order is suspended and procedure upon reinstatement following rebuttal of presumption. Creates process to rebut presumption of inability to pay support order after support order is suspended and procedure upon reinstatement following rebuttal of presumption. Declares that reinstatement of previously suspended support order is considered substantial change of circumstances for purposes of child support modification proceedings. Delays support order modification proceedings until reinstatement of suspended support order.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to child support.. Description: Consolidates unpaid child support accruing under superseded child support order into amounts payable under later-issued court order. Consolidates unpaid child support accruing under superseded child support order into amounts payable under later-issued court order.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to possession of real property following execution sales.. Description: Clarifies rights of possession of real property following execution sales. Clarifies rights of possession of real property following execution sales.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to salary under Public Employees Retirement System.. Description: Provides that, for purposes of Oregon Public Service Retirement Plan, salary includes housing allowance paid to prison chaplain.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the administration of alternative incarceration programs; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Corrections to consider all other alternatives before suspending or terminating alternative incarceration program in its entirety for more than five consecutive days. Directs Department of Corrections to consider all other alternatives before suspending or terminating alternative incarceration program in its entirety for more than five consecutive days. Requires department to provide] report certain information to Legislative Assembly committees related to judiciary within 14] 30 days of such suspension or termination. Requires department to regularly report to committees concerning other program interruptions. Requires department to communicate with adults in custody participating in alternative incarceration program concerning changes to and decisions concerning program and effect on release dates. Requires that alternative incarceration programs be trauma-informed and gender-responsive. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the post-graduate scholar program; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Removes sunset on post-graduate scholar program. Removes sunset on post-graduate scholar program. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the price of prescription drugs.. Description: Establishes Prescription Drug Affordability Board in Department of Consumer and Business Services to review prices for nine drugs and at least one insulin product, from among drugs reported to Prescription Drug Price Transparency program by prescription drug manufacturers, drugs reported by insurers in filings and insulin drugs marketed in this state, that are expected to create affordability challenges for health systems or high out-of-pocket costs for patients in Oregon based on specified criteria. Establishes Prescription Drug Affordability Board in Department of Consumer and Business Services to review prices for prescription drug products meeting specified cost criteria. Requires board to establish upper payment limit for drugs that are or] nine drugs and at least one insulin product, from among drugs reported to Prescription Drug Price Transparency program by prescription drug manufacturers, drugs reported by insurers in filings and insulin drugs marketed in this state, that are expected to create affordability challenges for health systems and] or high out-of-pocket costs for patients in Oregon or health inequities for communities of color] based on specified criteria. Requires department, in consultation with board, to establish and assess fees against manufacturers of prescription drug products sold in Oregon for costs of carrying out duties of board. Establishes Prescription Drug Affordability Stakeholder Council to assist board in carrying out its duties.].
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies method for calculating amount transferred from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund to Employer Incentive Fund. Directs State Treasurer to study and make recommendations regarding improvements to state financial administration. Requires State Treasurer to submit report on findings by January 1, 2023.] Modifies method for calculating amount transferred from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund to Employer Incentive Fund. Repeals transfer of moneys from certain funds and accounts to General Fund. Modifies dates for certain transfers of moneys to General Fund. Authorizes Oregon Health Authority to oversee and approve expenditures from Drug Treatment and Recovery Services Fund during biennium ending June 30, 2021. Modifies certain deadlines established by Drug Addiction Treatment and Recovery Act. Authorizes Department of Education to enter into agreements to disburse moneys for summer academic and enrichment opportunities. Requires transfer to General Fund of certain unexpended and uncommitted moneys appropriated for education purposes. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to reports of death.. Description: Requires that report of death for certain decedent who was homeless at time of death indicate that decedent's residence address was "Domicile Unknown.". Requires that report of death indicate housing status of decedent.] Requires that report of death for certain decedent who was homeless at time of death indicate that decedent's residence address was "Domicile Unknown."
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to rural fire protection districts; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes rural fire protection district to acquire real property or easement for purpose of establishing fire evacuation route, to construct or maintain fire evacuation route or to participate in agreement related to fire evacuation route. Authorizes rural fire protection district to acquire real property or easement for purpose of establishing fire evacuation route, to construct or maintain fire evacuation route or to participate in agreement related to fire evacuation route. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to building code enforcement.. Description: Permits municipality or Department of Consumer and Business Services to contract with person to administer and enforce building inspection program and act as building official. Permits municipality or Department of Consumer and Business Services to contract with person to administer and enforce building inspection program and act as building official. Specifies conditions under which municipality may procure services from contract building official.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Advocacy Commissions Office; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Advocacy Commissions Office for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Advocacy Commissions Office for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by office. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Department of Agriculture; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Agriculture for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Agriculture for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by State Department of Agriculture. Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by State Department of Agriculture. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Department of Aviation; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Department of Aviation. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Department of Aviation. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Land Conservation and Development; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Land Conservation and Development for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Land Conservation and Development for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes amounts authorized for issuance of general obligation bonds, revenue bonds, certificates of participation and other financing agreements for biennium. Establishes amounts authorized for issuance of general obligation bonds, revenue bonds, certificates of participation and other financing agreements for biennium. Establishes amounts allocated for private activity bonds. Makes legislative findings regarding benefits to higher education institutions and community colleges from issuance of bonds under Article XI-F(1) and Article XI-G of Oregon Constitution. Establishes requirements applicable to certain contracts for specified higher education capital construction projects. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits for six-year period beginning July 1, 2021, payment of expenses from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by various state agencies for capital construction. Limits for six-year period beginning July 1, 2021, payment of expenses from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by various state agencies for capital construction. Limits for six-year period beginning July 1, 2021, expenditures by specified state agencies from federal funds for specified capital construction projects. Limits for six-year period beginning July 1, 2021, payment of expenses from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Higher Education Coordinating Commission for expenditures of bond proceeds for benefit of public universities and community colleges. Sets expiration date on project approvals and expenditure limitations. Extends expiration dates for certain projects. Modifies certain previously established expenditure limitations related to capital construction. Approves proposal for sale of specified state asset. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Board of Chiropractic Examiners; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Chiropractic Examiners. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Chiropractic Examiners. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Columbia River Gorge Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Columbia River Gorge Commission for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Columbia River Gorge Commission for biennial expenses. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Construction Contractors Board; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Construction Contractors Board. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Construction Contractors Board. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Consumer and Business Services; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Department of Consumer and Business Services. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Department of Consumer and Business Services. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Board of Dentistry; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Board of Dentistry. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Board of Dentistry. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Justice; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Justice for biennial expenses of district attorneys. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Justice for biennial expenses of district attorneys. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Land Use Board of Appeals; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Land Use Board of Appeals for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Land Use Board of Appeals for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by board. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Education; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Education for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Education for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to department for distribution as grants-in-aid, for program costs and to purchase services. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to department for debt service on general obligation bonds. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to department for deposit in High School Graduation and College and Career Readiness Fund. Limits certain biennial expenditures from certain fees, moneys or other revenues collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain federal funds. Limits biennial expenditures by department for payment of grants-in-aid, program costs and purchased services from certain federal funds received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department for payment of grants-in-aid, program costs and purchased services from certain fees, moneys or other revenues collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from specified accounts. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Education for State School Fund. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Education for State School Fund. Limits biennial expenditures from lottery moneys allocated from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund] to department for State School Fund. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by department for State School Fund. Specifies amounts department may spend for certain purposes from State School Fund. Transfers moneys from State School Fund to Local Option Equalization Grants Account. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Department of Energy; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Energy for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Department of Energy for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Department of Energy] department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Environmental Quality; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Environmental Quality for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Environmental Quality for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, specified bond proceeds and specified federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures from lottery moneys allocated from Parks and Natural Resources Fund to department. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Limits certain biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Environmental Quality; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Department of Environmental Quality. Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Department of Environmental Quality. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Forestry Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Forestry Department for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to State Forestry Department for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain federal funds. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocation to department for fire protection expenses. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Government Ethics Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and reimbursements from federal service agreements, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Government Ethics Commission. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and reimbursements from federal service agreements, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Government Ethics Commission. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Office of the Governor; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Office of Governor for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Office of Governor for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from lottery moneys for Regional Solutions Program. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Office of Governor. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of specified boards; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Mortuary and Cemetery Board, Oregon Board of Naturopathic Medicine, Occupational Therapy Licensing Board, Board of Medical Imaging, State Board of Examiners for Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology and Oregon State Veterinary Medical Examining Board. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Mortuary and Cemetery Board, Oregon Board of Naturopathic Medicine, Occupational Therapy Licensing Board, Board of Medical Imaging, State Board of Examiners for Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology and Oregon State Veterinary Medical Examining Board. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Board of Medical Imaging; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Board of Medical Imaging. Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Board of Medical Imaging. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of specified boards; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Board of Licensed Professional Counselors and Therapists and Oregon Board of Psychology. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Oregon Board of Licensed Professional Counselors and Therapists and Oregon Board of Psychology. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Board of Naturopathic Medicine; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Oregon Board of Naturopathic Medicine. Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Oregon Board of Naturopathic Medicine. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Higher Education Coordinating Commission; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Higher Education Coordinating Commission for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Higher Education Coordinating Commission for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from lottery moneys for debt service on lottery bonds. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from lottery moneys allocated from Education Stability Fund for Oregon Opportunity Grants. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from lottery moneys for Outdoor School Education Fund. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from lottery moneys allocated to Sports Lottery Account. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by commission for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures of commission from federal funds for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by commission from timber tax funds for Community College Support Fund. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Human Services; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Human Services for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Human Services for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain federal funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocation to department. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Michael A. Gibbons, 1943-2020.. Description: In memoriam: Michael A. Gibbons, 1943-2020. In memoriam: Michael A. Gibbons, 1943-2020.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Board of Licensed Social Workers; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Licensed Social Workers. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Licensed Social Workers. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Maintains and reserves lottery revenues available to benefit public purposes during biennium beginning July 1, 2021, in Administrative Services Economic Development Fund. Maintains and reserves lottery revenues available to benefit public purposes during biennium beginning July 1, 2021, in Administrative Services Economic Development Fund. Allocates moneys from fund for biennium beginning July 1, 2021. Directs Oregon Department of Administrative Services to establish process for quarterly allocations of moneys from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund and Veterans' Services Fund. Transfers certain interest earnings from Oregon Education Fund to Lottery Bond Fund for payments by Department of Education on education lottery bonds.] Allocates moneys from Veterans' Services Fund for biennium beginning July 1, 2021. Directs distribution of moneys from Criminal Fine Account. Directs distribution of moneys from Oregon Marijuana Account. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to lottery bonds; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies amount of lottery bonds authorized to be issued for specified state agencies. Increases] Modifies amount of lottery bonds authorized to be issued for Oregon Business Development Department and Housing and Community Services Department] specified state agencies. Authorizes issuance of various other lottery bonds. Establishes funds, or provides for deposit of moneys into existing funds, and appropriates moneys for projects financed. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Oregon Military Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Military Department for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Oregon Military Department for certain biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and federal service agreement reimbursements, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures by department from federal funds for certain purposes. Modifies certain General Fund appropriation and expenditure limitation for department for biennium ending June 30, 2021. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Public Employees Retirement System; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Public Employees Retirement System. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Public Employees Retirement System. Limits biennial expenditures by Public Employees Retirement System from specified funds. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Revenue; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Revenue for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Revenue for biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and federal service agreement reimbursements, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Secretary of State; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Secretary of State for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Secretary of State for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Secretary of State. Limits certain biennial expenditures by Secretary of State from federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of State Lands; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Department of State Lands for certain purposes. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by Department of State Lands for certain purposes. Limits certain biennial expenditures by department from federal funds. Limits biennial expenditures by department from Portland Harbor Cleanup Fund. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Oregon State Police Lieutenant Harold R. Berg for his service to this state.. Description: Recognizes and honors Oregon State Police Lieutenant Harold R. Berg (1937-1975) for his service to this state. Recognizes and honors Oregon State Police Lieutenant Harold R. Berg (1937-1975) for his service to this state.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Board of Tax Practitioners; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Tax Practitioners. Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Board of Tax Practitioners. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Tobacco Settlement Funds Account; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Oregon Department of Administrative Services to transfer certain amounts from Tobacco Settlement Funds Account for certain purposes. Requires Oregon Department of Administrative Services to transfer certain amounts from Tobacco Settlement Funds Account for certain purposes. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Transportation; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Transportation for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Department of Transportation for certain biennial expenses. Limits certain biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and certain federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits certain biennial expenditures by department from other federal funds. Limits certain biennial expenditures by department from lottery moneys. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Department of Transportation; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Department of Transportation. Approves certain new or increased fees adopted by Department of Transportation. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the State Treasurer; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures for certain purposes from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Treasurer. Limits biennial expenditures for certain purposes from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by State Treasurer. Authorizes specified nonlimited expenditures. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the financial administration of the Water Resources Department; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Water Resources Department for biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Water Resources Department for biennial expenses. Limits biennial expenditures by department from certain lottery moneys. Limits biennial expenditures for certain purposes from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts and specified federal funds, but excluding lottery funds and other federal funds, collected or received by department. Limits biennial expenditures by department from other federal funds. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes expenditures for obligations incurred by state agencies on or after July 1, 2021, that do not exceed specified levels. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Authorizes expenditures for obligations incurred by state agencies on or after July 1, 2021, that do not exceed specified levels. Appropriates moneys for expenditures. Authorizes payments for debt service, certificates of participation and other financing agreements during period commencing July 1, 2021. Authorizes specific expenditures for Department of Human Services and Oregon Health Authority. Applies to any state agency for which no budget has become law on or before July 1, 2021. Sunsets September 15, 2021. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits biennial expenditures from American Rescue Plan Act Coronavirus Local Fiscal Recovery Fund moneys collected or received by Oregon Department of Administrative Services for payments to eligible nonentitlement units of local government. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Limits biennial expenditures from American Rescue Plan Act Coronavirus Local Fiscal Recovery Fund moneys collected or received by Oregon Department of Administrative Services for payments to eligible nonentitlement units of local government. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2021] on passage.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Resolving that House of Representatives finds Representative Mike Nearman engaged in disorderly behavior and expels Representative Nearman.. Description: Resolves that Representative Mike Nearman engaged in disorderly behavior. Resolves that Representative Mike Nearman engaged in disorderly behavior. Further resolves that, with concurrence of two-thirds of members of House of Representatives, Representative Nearman be expelled from House of Representatives.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Declaring racism to be public health crisis in this state.. Description: Declares racism as public health crisis in this state. Declares racism as public health crisis in this state.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Oregon State Police Trooper Burrell Milo Baucom for his service to this state.. Description: Recognizes and honors Oregon State Police Trooper Burrell Milo Baucom (1902-1933) for his service to this state. Recognizes and honors Oregon State Police Trooper Burrell Milo Baucom (1902-1933) for his service to this state.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Modifying lyrics to state song "Oregon, My Oregon" to reflect evolution of State of Oregon.. Description: Modifies lyrics to state song "Oregon, My Oregon" to reflect cultural, historical, economic and societal evolution of State of Oregon. Modifies lyrics to state song "Oregon, My Oregon" to reflect cultural, historical, economic and societal evolution of State of Oregon.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Medal of Honor recipient Specialist Four Larry Gilbert Dahl for his service to his country.. Description: Recognizes and honors Medal of Honor recipient Specialist Four Larry Gilbert Dahl (1949-1971) for his service to his country. Recognizes and honors Medal of Honor recipient Specialist Four Larry Gilbert Dahl (1949-1971) for his service to his country.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: George Ira Fenton Jr.. Description: In memoriam: George Ira Fenton Jr., 1931-2019. In memoriam: George Ira Fenton Jr., 1931-2019.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Oregon State Police Trooper Dale Benjamin "Bennie" Courtney for his service to this state.. Description: Recognizes and honors Oregon State Police Trooper Dale Benjamin "Bennie" Courtney (1925-1950) for his service to this state. Recognizes and honors Oregon State Police Trooper Dale Benjamin "Bennie" Courtney (1925-1950) for his service to this state.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Establishing deadlines for completion of legislative measures for 2021 regular session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly.. Description: Establishes deadlines for completion of legislative measures for 2021 regular session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly. Establishes deadlines for completion of legislative measures for 2021 regular session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Amending Legislative Branch Personnel Rule 27 and adopting Legislative Branch Personnel Rule 27-B.. Description: Modifies Legislative Branch Personnel Rule 27 to adopt policies and definitions that conform with recently enacted state law requirements. Prohibits Senate and House Committees on Conduct from meeting using virtual or electronic means. Requires Senate and House Committees on Conduct to meet in person at Capitol on weekdays during specified hours.] Modifies Legislative Branch Personnel Rule 27 to adopt policies and definitions that conform with recently enacted state law requirements. Authorizes Legislative Equity Officer to hire employee of Legislative Equity Office to perform investigations under Rule 27. Allows interim safety measures to be applied to respondent, complainant or impacted party within specified limitations. Directs Senate and House of Representatives to determine cochairpersons of Senate and House conduct committees when committee membership is determined.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Honoring Salem Elks Lodge for its community involvement and charitable contributions.. Description: Honors Salem Elks Lodge for its community involvement and charitable contributions. Honors Salem Elks Lodge for its community involvement and charitable contributions.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Beverly Cleary, 1916-2021.. Description: In memoriam: Beverly Cleary, 1916-2021. Recognizes and honors Beverly Cleary for her lifetime achievements in literature and her contributions to Oregon culture.] In memoriam: Beverly Cleary, 1916-2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Former state Representative William Edwin "Bill" Markham.. Description: In memoriam: Former state Representative William Edwin "Bill" Markham, 1922-2021. In memoriam: Former state Representative William Edwin "Bill" Markham, 1922-2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Sarah Cohen-Doherty.. Description: In memoriam: Sarah Cohen-Doherty. In memoriam: Sarah Cohen-Doherty.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Representative Merwyn Ronald "Mitch" Greenlick.. Description: In memoriam: Representative Merwyn Ronald "Mitch" Greenlick, 1935-2020. In memoriam: Representative Merwyn Ronald "Mitch" Greenlick, 1935-2020.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Senator Jackie Winters.. Description: In memoriam: Senator Jackie Winters, 1937-2019. In memoriam: Senator Jackie Winters, 1937-2019.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Congratulating Portland State University on its 75th anniversary.. Description: Congratulates Portland State University on its 75th anniversary. Congratulates Portland State University on its 75th anniversary.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Lance Corporal Jack-Ryan Ostrovsky for his service to his country.. Description: Recognizes and honors Lance Corporal Jack-Ryan Ostrovsky (1999-2020) for his service to his country. Recognizes and honors Lance Corporal Jack Ryan] Jack-Ryan Ostrovsky (1999-2020) for his service to his country.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: In memoriam: Martin Davis "Marty" Myers.. Description: In memoriam: Martin Davis "Marty" Myers, 1952-2020. In memoriam: Martin Davis "Marty" Myers, 1952-2020.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Establishing environmental justice framework of principles for State of Oregon.. Description: Establishes environmental justice framework of principles for State of Oregon. Establishes environmental justice framework of principles for State of Oregon.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Alfreda Bales for her service to Department of Revenue and State of Oregon.. Description: Recognizes and honors Alfreda Bales for her service to Department of Revenue and State of Oregon. Recognizes and honors Alfreda Bales for her service to Department of Revenue and State of Oregon.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Designating April 7, 2022, as Action for Peace Day to honor memory of Edward Reginald "Ed" Epley.. Description: Designates April 7, 2022, as Action for Peace Day to honor memory of Edward Reginald "Ed" Epley (1937-2021). Designates April 7, 2022, as Action for Peace Day to honor memory of Edward Reginald "Ed" Epley (1937-2021).
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Adjourning organizational session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly.. Description: Adjourns organizational session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly. Adjourns organizational session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly. Provides that Eighty-first Legislative Assembly shall convene in regular session on January 19, 2021.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Apologizing to Robert Parker for 31 years of suffering injuries and effects of racism and institutional bias that has denied him admission to Oregon State Bar and urging Oregon Supreme Court to admit Robert Parker to bar.. Description: Apologizes to Robert Parker for 31 years of suffering injuries and effects of racism and institutional bias that has denied him admission to Oregon State Bar and urges Oregon Supreme Court to admit Robert Parker to bar. Apologizes to Robert Parker for 31 years of suffering injuries and effects of racism and institutional bias that has denied him admission to Oregon State Bar and urges Oregon Supreme Court to admit Robert Parker to bar.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Adjourning sine die 2021 regular session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly.. Description: Adjourns sine die 2021 regular session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly. Adjourns sine die 2021 regular session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Establishing limitations and deadlines for legislative measures for the 2022 regular session of the Eighty-first Legislative Assembly, and providing certain labor negotiation procedures.. Description: Establishes limitations and deadlines for legislative measures for 2022 regular session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly. Establishes limitations and deadlines for legislative measures for 2022 regular session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly. Provides that certain labor negotiations are not legislative deliberations and are to be conducted under executive session.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Proposing amendment to Oregon Constitution relating to slavery and involuntary servitude.. Description: Proposes amendment to Oregon Constitution to prohibit slavery and involuntary servitude in all circumstances. Proposes amendment to Oregon Constitution to prohibit slavery and involuntary servitude in all circumstances. Authorizes court or probation or parole agency to order convicted person to engage in education, counseling, treatment, community service or other alternative to incarceration. Refers proposed amendment to people for their approval or rejection at next regular general election.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Proposing amendment to Oregon Constitution relating to obligation of state to ensure access to health care.. Description: Proposes amendment to Oregon Constitution establishing obligation of state to ensure every resident of state access to cost-effective, clinically appropriate and affordable health care. Proposes amendment to Oregon Constitution establishing obligation of state to ensure every resident of state access to cost-effective, clinically appropriate and affordable health care. Requires state to balance obligation to ensure health care with funding of public schools and other essential public services. Refers proposed amendment to people for their approval or rejection at next regular general election.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Urging Congress to pass specified emergency wildfire land management legislation.. Description: Urges Congress to introduce and pass and President to sign legislation promoting cooperative fuel load measurement and management on federal and state lands, and appropriate legislation based on Emergency Wildfire and Public Safety Act of 2020, excluding provisions that exempt forest management from environmental or administrative review, that foreseeably compromise ecological health of Oregon forests or that facilitate exportation outside United States of unprocessed timber from public lands. Urges Congress to introduce and pass and President to sign legislation promoting cooperative fuel load measurement and management on federal and state lands, and appropriate legislation based on Emergency Wildfire and Public Safety Act of 2020, excluding provisions that exempt forest management from environmental or administrative review, that foreseeably compromise ecological health of Oregon forests or that facilitate exportation outside United States of unprocessed timber from public lands.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Urging Congress to amend Thirteenth Amendment to United States Constitution to omit clause excepting criminal punishment.. Description: Urges Congress to amend Thirteenth Amendment to United States Constitution to omit clause excepting criminal punishment, thereby ending racist legacy of slavery in nation's most important document. Urges Congress to amend Thirteenth Amendment to United States Constitution to omit clause excepting criminal punishment, thereby ending racist legacy of slavery in nation's most important document.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Urging federal government to reimburse real property owners for damage from wildfires originating on federal lands.. Description: Urges establishment and funding of federal system to reimburse state and local government property owners and private property owners for damage to real property that results from spreading of wildfires originating on federal lands. Urges establishment and funding of federal system to reimburse state and local government property owners and private property owners for damage to real property that results from spreading of wildfires originating on federal lands.
In 2021, Oregon passed a bill titled: Urging Congress to enact legislation to begin process of implementing reparations for African Americans based on slavery and discrimination.. Description: Urges Congress to enact legislation to begin process of implementing reparations for African Americans based on slavery and discrimination. Urges Congress to enact legislation to begin process of implementing reparations for African Americans based on slavery and discrimination.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to residential tenancies; declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Housing and Community Services Department to provide distributions to certain residential landlords for unpaid rent after April 1, 2020. Requires Housing and Community Services Department to provide distributions to certain residential landlords for unpaid rent after April 1, 2020. Requires department to report to Legislative Assembly on grants by September 15, 2021. Sunsets January 2, 2023. Extends until December 31, 2020, emergency period during which residential evictions for nonpayment are prohibited. Extends until June 30, 2021, prohibitions of terminations without cause, emergency period and repayment date for nonpayment by tenants declaring financial hardships. Extends 72- and 144-hour notices for nonpayment of rent to 10- and 13-day notices and increases penalty for landlord's retaliatory conduct until June 30, 2021. Tolls statute of limitations for residential landlords' claims for nonpayment through June 30, 2021. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to claims arising during the COVID-19 emergency period; declaring an emergency.. Description: Limits liability of school districts, union high schools, education service districts, public charter schools, private schools providing instruction to any grade from kindergarten through grade 12 and community colleges for certain claims arising during COVID-19 emergency period. Limits liability of school districts, union high schools, education service districts, public charter schools, private schools providing instruction to any grade from kindergarten through grade 12 and community colleges for certain claims arising during COVID-19 emergency period. Prohibits certain private employers from engaging in retaliatory conduct relating to protected activities taken by employee during COVID-19 emergency period. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to consumable items; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows holder of full on-premises sales license to sell and deliver mixed drinks or single serving of wine in sealed containers for off-premises consumption. Allows holder of full on-premises sales license to sell and deliver mixed drinks or single serving of wine in sealed containers for off-premises consumption. Requires Oregon Liquor Control Commission to adopt rules providing that not more than two mixed drinks or single servings of wine may be ordered per substantial food item ordered. Limits fees that third-party food platform may charge restaurant. Exempts restaurants located in specified jurisdictions from limits on fees. Establishes private right of action against third-party food platform for specified violation. Defines "third-party food platform." Requires third-party food platform to meet certain requirements within seven days of effective date. Sunsets 60 days after date on which declaration of state of emergency issued by Governor on March 8, 2020, and any extension of declaration, is no longer in effect. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocations during current biennium. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocations during current biennium. Appropriates moneys to Housing and Community Services Department for certain expenses. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Adjourning sine die 2020 third special session of Eightieth Legislative Assembly.. Description: Adjourns sine die 2020 third special session of Eightieth Legislative Assembly. Adjourns sine die 2020 third special session of Eightieth Legislative Assembly.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the use of force; declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that peace officer or corrections officer may not use force that impedes normal breathing or circulation of blood of another person by applying pressure on throat or neck except in specified circumstances. Provides that peace officer or corrections officer may not use force that impedes normal breathing or circulation of blood of another person by applying pressure on throat or neck except in specified circumstances. Modifies justification defenses available to peace officer who uses physical force or deadly physical force upon another person. Requires peace officer to give verbal warning, and reasonable opportunity to comply, before using physical force or deadly physical force if reasonable opportunity to do so exists. Requires peace officer to consider alternatives to physical force or deadly physical force if reasonable opportunity to do so exists. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to geological permits.. Description: Establishes and modifies fees and requirements relating to permits for mineral exploration, mining operations, exclusion certificates, gas and oil drilling and exploration and geothermal well drilling operation. Establishes and modifies fees and requirements relating to permits for mineral exploration, mining operations, exclusion certificates, gas and oil drilling and exploration and geothermal well drilling operation. Limits number and distribution of onshore exploration sites and oil, gas and geothermal wells.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency; providing for transfer of moneys from the Education Stability Fund that requires approval by a three-fifths majority.. Description: Directs State Treasurer to transfer moneys from Education Stability Fund to State School Fund. Directs State Treasurer to transfer moneys from Education Stability Fund to State School Fund. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon enrolled a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies requirements relating to certain fiscal reports. Modifies requirements relating to certain fiscal reports. Establishes, modifies and repeals certain transfers of moneys from funds and accounts to General Fund. Modifies law relating to costs for Oregon transparency website. Directs Oregon Department of Administrative Services to report on certain terms in certain collective bargaining agreements. Modifies authorized debt service payments. Directs Public Employees Retirement Board to submit proposals for crediting amounts to funds or accounts. Repeals transfers of certain moneys to certain funds. Directs Legislative Assembly to reflect balances of General Fund appropriations made to judicial and legislative departments, and adjustments thereto, in appropriation measures. Establishes and modifies programs for economic development. Modifies procedure for payment to children's advocacy centers. Modifies permissible uses of moneys in certain Department of Justice account. Modifies permissible uses for certain moneys allocated to Housing and Community Services Department. Transfers moneys for department purposes. Provides for distribution of certain federal moneys by department. Repeals certain pilot programs within Housing and Community Services Department and Department of Human Services. Abolishes Wildfire Damage Housing Relief Account. Permits use of certain revenues for operating costs of Oregon Department of Aviation. Modifies operative date for provisions relating to in-home care. Modifies procedure for expenditures from Water Supply Development Account. Authorizes use of Early Learning Account for construction of facilities. Specifies amounts transferred to education accounts. Authorizes use of Connect Oregon Fund for Coos Bay rail project. Authorizes contract for study related to wildfire costs. Encourages recipients of grants from Student Investment Account to prioritize use of grant moneys for purpose of meeting students' mental or behavioral health needs. Authorizes school district or public charter school that submitted grant application or entered into grant agreement for moneys from Student Investment Account for 2020-2021 school year to submit amended grant application or amended grant agreement. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies amounts of lottery funds allocated from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund to state agencies. Modifies amounts of lottery funds allocated from Administrative Services Economic Development Fund to state agencies. Modifies amounts allocated from Veterans' Services Fund. Modifies amounts allocated from Criminal Fine Account. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to unemployment insurance benefits; declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that unemployed individual receiving unemployment insurance benefits for weeks ending before January 1, 2022, who has earnings from less than full-time employment may earn greater of $300 or one-third of individual's weekly benefit amount before individual's weekly benefit amount is reduced. Provides that unemployed individual receiving unemployment insurance benefits for weeks ending before January 1, 2022, who has earnings from less than full-time employment may earn greater of $300 or one-third of individual's weekly benefit amount before individual's weekly benefit amount is reduced. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to emergency disclosure by the Department of Revenue of certain tax information to state agencies; declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides temporarily that during statutorily declared emergency Governor may authorize Director of Department of Revenue to disclose certain information set forth in tax report or return to Director of Employment Department if Director of Department of Revenue determines that administration of any federal or state law or program requires disclosure to enable Employment Department to verify identity or income level of any person for purposes related to emergency or any consequences of emergency. Provides temporarily that during statutorily declared emergency Governor may authorize Director of Department of Revenue to disclose certain information set forth in tax report or return to any state agency] Director of Employment Department if Director of Department of Revenue determines that administration of any federal or state law or program , including, but not limited to, administration of unemployment insurance laws and programs by Employment Department,] requires disclosure to enable agency] Employment Department to verify identity or income level of any person for purposes related to emergency or any consequences of emergency. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies amounts and purposes authorized for issuance of general obligation bonds and revenue bonds for biennium. Modifies amounts and purposes authorized for issuance of general obligation bonds and revenue bonds for biennium. Requires public universities to impose certain requirements relating to apprenticeship, benefits and outreach to women, minority individuals and veterans on contractors for certain projects. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies limits on payment of expenses from specified funds by certain state agencies for capital construction. Modifies limits on payment of expenses from specified funds by certain state agencies for capital construction. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocations during biennium. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to Emergency Board for allocations during biennium. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to specified state agencies for biennial expenses. Modifies certain biennial appropriations made from General Fund to specified state agencies and Emergency Board. Establishes and modifies limitations on expenditures for certain biennial expenses for specified state agencies. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Amending Legislative Branch Personnel Rule 27 and adopting Legislative Branch Personnel Rule 27-A.. Description: Modifies obligation to make conduct reports under rule. Modifies obligation to make conduct reports under rule. Directs Legislative Equity Officer or, at officer's request, investigator to perform facial review on conduct reports and conduct complaints prior to investigation being undertaken. Provides exception. Provides that committee on conduct is to make recommendations on remedial measures to be imposed on partisan staff only if independent investigator has determined that rule violation has occurred. Extends time period committees on conduct have to conduct hearings, and to recommend and impose remedial measures on partisan staff. Expands numbers of alternates who serve on committees on conduct. Directs that complainants and identified impacted parties in matter be recused from service on committees on conduct when committee considers matter. Sunsets December 31, 2025.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Adjourning sine die the 2020 second special session of the Eightieth Legislative Assembly.. Description: Adjourns sine die 2020 second special session of Eightieth Legislative Assembly. Adjourns sine die 2020 second special session of Eightieth Legislative Assembly.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the use of force by police officers; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Joint Committee on Transparent Policing and Use of Force Reform. Requires law enforcement agency to notify Attorney General when police officer uses physical force resulting in death or qualifying physical injury. Requires Attorney General to appoint special investigator to lead investigation upon receipt of notification. Directs Attorney General to prosecute violations of law related to use of physical force. Directs Attorney General to release reports from investigation if criminal proceedings are not initiated.] Establishes Joint Committee on Transparent Policing and Use of Force Reform. Directs committee to examine policies related to use of force and transparency in policing and recommend legislation to committees of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary on or before December 31, 2020. Sunsets committee on December 31, 2020. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to taxation; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies administrative provisions of corporate activity tax. Modifies administrative provisions of corporate activity tax. Exempts from taxation certain sales of milk and manufactured dwelling park nonprofit cooperatives. Allows unitary group taxpayer to exclude members lacking ties to state. Defines "cost inputs" for taxpayer engaged in farming operation, for purpose of calculating subtraction. Establishes methods for taxpayer engaged in farming operation to demonstrate percentage of goods sold in state compared to outside state for purposes of determining commercial activity. Specifies that taxpayer is required to register only one time. Provides that returns and allowances are allowed as offset against commercial activity in year that returns or allowances are made. Prescribes methods for apportionment of subtraction. Establishes penalties for failure to file annual return or failure to pay tax by due date of annual return. Requires minimum payment per quarter but bars penalty if taxpayer makes payment equal to required installment for corresponding quarter of prior year. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2020. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to use of force by peace officers; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that peace officer may not use force that impedes normal breathing or circulation of blood of another person by applying pressure on throat or neck, unless peace officer may use deadly physical force. Provides that peace officer may not use force that limits ability of person to breathe, including but not limited to choke holds] impedes normal breathing or circulation of blood of another person by applying pressure on throat or neck, unless peace officer may use deadly physical force. Directs Board on Public Safety Standards and Training to adopt rules prohibiting training of police officers and reserve officers to use force that impedes normal breathing or circulation of blood of another person by applying pressure on throat or neck, except as defensive maneuver. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to strategies to protect Oregonians from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes temporary limitations on lenders being able to enforce default remedies on obligations secured by mortgages, trust deeds, land sale contracts or other instruments. Establishes temporary limitations on lenders being able to enforce default remedies on obligations secured by mortgages, trust deeds, land sale contracts or other instruments. Provides for certain exemptions. Requires lenders to defer payments if lender and borrower do not otherwise agree on loan mitigation, deferral or other foreclosure avoidance measure and permits borrower to pay deferred amounts at end of loan term. Provides that lender may adjust escrow impound payment and take into account deficiencies or shortages that result from deferring borrower's payments. Requires borrower to provide notice to lenders if borrower cannot make periodic installment payment. Specifies notice requirements for residential and commercial borrowers. Prohibits lenders from collecting various fees, penalties and charges during emergency period and from undertaking specified practices. Requires courts to dismiss foreclosure proceedings brought during emergency period without prejudice. Permits borrower that suffers ascertainable loss of money or property because lender took prohibited action to bring action for actual damages. Requires lender to provide written notice to borrower of borrower's rights for accommodation under Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to duties of police officers regarding prohibited behavior; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires police officer or reserve officer to intervene to prevent or stop another officer engaged in certain misconduct, unless intervening officer cannot intervene safely. Directs Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to adopt rules requiring police officer to intervene to stop another police officer from engaging in act that is unethical or that violates law, rules or policy. Directs department to adopt rules requiring police officer to report to appropriate authority when any police officer engages in act that is unethical or that violates law, rules or policy.] Requires police officer or reserve officer to intervene to prevent or stop another officer engaged in certain misconduct, unless intervening officer cannot intervene safely. Requires police officer or reserve officer who witnesses another officer engaged in certain misconduct to report misconduct to supervisor within 72 hours after witnessing misconduct. Prohibits discrimination or retaliation against officer who intervenes or reports as required. Directs Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to report annually to appropriate committee of Legislative Assembly on rules adopted by department to implement requirements. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to meat.. Description: Authorizes State Department of Agriculture to adopt rules establishing program of state inspection for processing and sale of meat products from amenable species, including but not limited to cattle and sheep. Authorizes State Department of Agriculture to adopt rules establishing program of state inspection for processing and sale of meat products from amenable species, including but not limited to cattle and sheep. Authorizes department to adopt rules establishing program of state inspection for processing and sale of meat products from nonamenable species, as defined by department by rule. Provides that authorization excludes program for inspection for processing or sale of meat products from equines.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to records of discipline of police officers; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to establish public statewide online database of suspensions and revocations of certifications of police officers. Directs Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to establish statewide database of police officer discipline records. Directs department to publish online information about disciplinary proceedings against police officers.] Directs Department of Public Safety Standards and Training to establish public statewide online database of suspensions and revocations of certifications of police officers. Directs department to submit annual report to appropriate committee of Legislative Assembly on complaints against police officers] database. Requires law enforcement agency, before extending offer of employment to police officer applicant, to request and review personnel records of applicant from law enforcement agencies that previously employed applicant. Requires law enforcement agencies to maintain and share personnel records. Limits liability of agency that complies with requirements. Requires department to deny application for training or deny, suspend or revoke certification of police officer based upon certain findings. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the use of tools by law enforcement agencies; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits law enforcement agencies from using tear gas for purposes of crowd control except in circumstances constituting riot. Prohibits law enforcement agencies from using tear gas or from using long range acoustic devices or sound cannons.] for purposes of crowd control except in circumstances constituting riot. Requires law enforcement agency to follow certain procedure when using tear gas in circumstances constituting riot. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to awarding moneys through programs in the eastern Oregon border region; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Board to enter into agreement with third-party administrator to operate programs for awarding grants and making loans that enhance and expand workforce development and economic development in Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Region. Allows Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Board to enter into agreement with third-party administrator to operate programs for awarding grants and making loans that enhance and expand workforce development and economic development in Eastern Oregon Border Economic Development Region. Requires that board submit proposed agreement to Oregon Business Development Department for review. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to driving privileges; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Repeals driving privilege suspension and eliminates imposition of driving privilege restrictions for failure to pay fine. Repeals driving privilege suspension and eliminates imposition of driving privilege restrictions for failure to pay fine. Becomes operative October 1, 2020. Authorizes Department of Transportation to take certain actions before operative date of Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the Fund for Student Success; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Clarifies timing of when Department of Education is required to make transfers from Fund for Student Success. Clarifies timing of when Department of Education is required to make transfers from Fund for Student Success. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to strategies to protect Oregonians from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes governing bodies of public bodies, other than State of Oregon, to conduct all public meetings using telephone or video conferencing technology or through other electronic or virtual means. Authorizes governing bodies of public bodies, other than State of Oregon, to conduct all public meetings using telephone or video conferencing technology or through other electronic or virtual means. Requires public body, in cases in which governing body elects to conduct virtual public meeting, to supply means by which public can listen to or observe meeting. Provides exceptions. Modifies quorum requirements of local governing bodies to exclude members who are unable to attend because of illness due to COVID-19. Provides that recovery rebate payments made under Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) and deposited in debtor's account in financial institution are not subject to garnishment. Provides exceptions. Applies to garnishments issued on or before date 90 days after expiration of state of emergency declared March 8, 2020, and any extension of declaration] September 30, 2020. Authorizes Chief Justice of Supreme Court, during emergency period and for 60 days thereafter, and upon finding of good cause, to extend or suspend time period or time requirement in rule or statute in specified court proceedings. Authorizes presiding judge of circuit court to extend custody and postpone trials upon finding of good cause, and within specified limits. Authorizes Chief Justice to direct or permit electronic court appearances. Extends time to commence civil action or give notice of civil claim if expiration of time falls within emergency period or within 90 days after end of emergency period. Sunsets authority of judicial officers to modify time periods and other procedures on December 31, 2021. Requires local governments to allow siting of qualifying emergency shelters by qualifying entities notwithstanding land use laws. Removes certain limits on motor vehicle camping. Sunsets 90 days after taking effect. Directs Housing and Community Services Department to distribute fund moneys so as to provide energy bill payment assistance to low-income households, prioritizing low-income households affected by pandemic.] Temporarily allows notary public to perform notarial act using communication technology for remotely located individual under certain circumstances. Immunizes owner, officer, operator, employee or agent of isolation shelter, or public entity, from civil liability that is predicated on claim of illness, injury or death from COVID-19. Exempts from immunity conduct that constitutes gross negligence, malice or fraud, that is willful, intentional or reckless, that is criminal or that is unrelated to COVID-19.] Delays termination of enterprise zone that would otherwise terminate on June 30, 2020, to December 31, 2020. Authorizes redesignation of enterprise zone that terminates on December 31, 2020, on any date before January 1, 2021. Allows individual development accounts to be established for emergency savings. Requires Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to adopt temporary and permanent rules establishing emergency temporary infectious disease standards.] Directs Oregon Health Authority to adopt rules regarding race and ethnicity data collection by health care providers. Allows physician assistant to perform services and provide patient care without first entering into practice agreement, subject to limitations, and streamlines certain requirements during emergency period. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to evictions; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits during emergency period and grace period residential and commercial evictions for nonpayment during emergency period. Prohibits residential and commercial evictions under specified conditions during emergency period.] Prohibits during emergency period and grace period residential and commercial evictions for nonpayment during emergency period. Tolls statute of limitations for claims for residential nonpayment during emergency period and grace period. Prohibits residential evictions without cause during emergency period. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to Indian children.. Description: Declares Oregon policy regarding Indian children. Declares Oregon policy regarding Indian children. Modifies Oregon child welfare laws regarding Indian children to reconcile with provisions of federal Indian Child Welfare Act.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to transportation; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Upon passage, allows Statewide Transportation Improvement Fund moneys to be used to maintain existing public transportation services. Upon passage, allows Statewide Transportation Improvement Fund moneys to be used to maintain existing public transportation services. Merges Elderly and Disabled Transportation Fund with Statewide Transportation Improvement Fund. Repeals provisions related to Elderly and Disabled Transportation Fund and transfers moneys in Elderly and Disabled Transportation Fund to Statewide Transportation Improvement Fund. Specifies that moneys in Statewide Transportation Improvement Fund may not be used to supplant local and regional agency moneys directed to public transportation service providers. Allows use of moneys in fund to support program administration, fund projects of statewide significance and manage operation of public transportation services. Dedicates portion of formula distributions in fund to transit services for older adults and individuals with disabilities. Provides each qualified entity annual target amount and directs Oregon Transportation Commission to adjust target amount depending on rate of growth in fund. Becomes operative July 1, 2023. Imposes moratorium on issuing citations for certain traffic offenses beginning on March 1, 2020, and ending on December 31, 2020. Becomes operative on passage. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to forests; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Governor to facilitate mediation sessions between forest industry and environmental interest representatives. Requires Governor to facilitate mediation sessions between forest industry and environmental interest representatives. Identifies purposes and completion goal for, and provides for confidentiality of, mediation sessions. Requires joint legislative committee hearing during 2021 regular session regarding mediation process. Allows person to register with State Forestry Department to receive notice of pesticide applications by helicopter to forestland near person's residence or water intake used by person. Requires notice to department of proposed or imminent pesticide application by helicopter to forestland. Requires department to give notice of application to persons registered to receive notice. Requires notice to department upon completion or partial completion of pesticide application. Provides escalating penalties for failures to report. Caps penalties at $5,000 per day. Requires Pesticide Analytical and Response Center to accept requests from certain entities for records and data concerning pesticide application by helicopter to forestland. Imposes fine of $1,000 for pesticide operator failure to timely supply records or data. Prohibits interfering with pesticide application by helicopter to forestland. Makes violation subject to fine of $1,000 for first offense, or $5,000 for repeat offense, within five years. Prohibits pesticide application by helicopter to forestland in proximity to certain locations. Requires that certain rules apply in Siskiyou Georegion. Requires that inventoried points of diversion for water use qualifying for spray buffer be entered in department reporting system. Requires report to Legislative Assembly regarding inventory progress. Appropriates moneys to Office of Governor for biennium ending June 30, 2021, for paying expenses related to mediation sessions.] Appropriates moneys to State Forestry Department for biennium ending June 30, 2021, for department duties, functions and powers under Act with regard to private forests.] Increases limitation on expenditures for biennium ending June 30, 2021, by State Forestry Department for carrying out department duties, functions and powers under Act with regard to private forests.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the universal service fund; and prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies definitions applicable for purposes of universal service surcharge. Modifies definitions applicable for purposes of universal service surcharge. Subjects sale of retail commercial mobile radio services and retail interconnected voice over internet protocol services to universal service surcharge. Reduces rate cap to six percent of sale of services subject to surcharge. Directs Public Utility Commission to transfer up to $5 million per year of moneys deposited in universal service fund to Broadband Fund. Establishes Broadband Fund. Continuously appropriates moneys in Broadband Fund to Oregon Business Development Department to provide grants and loans through, and to administer, program related to broadband. Directs department to adopt program for providing grants and loans by rule. Directs department to report annually to interim committee of Legislative Assembly related to telecommunications on status of Broadband Fund. Sunsets Broadband Fund, transfer of moneys from universal service fund to Broadband Fund and grant program on January 2, 2030. Becomes operative on January 1, 2021. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to arbitration awards; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Restricts arbitration award from ordering disciplinary action that differs from disciplinary action imposed by law enforcement agency if arbitrator makes finding that misconduct occurred consistent with agency's finding of misconduct, and disciplinary action imposed by agency is consistent with provisions of discipline guide or discipline matrix adopted by agency as result of collective bargaining and incorporated into agency's disciplinary policies. Restricts arbitration award from ordering disciplinary action that differs from disciplinary action imposed by law enforcement agency if arbitrator makes finding that misconduct occurred consistent with agency's finding of misconduct, and disciplinary action imposed by agency is consistent with provisions of discipline guide or discipline matrix adopted by agency as result of collective bargaining and incorporated into agency's disciplinary policies. Specifies that for purposes of collective bargaining involving sworn law enforcement officers of law enforcement agency, "employment relations" includes development of discipline guide or discipline matrix. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to children; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies Oregon Promise program to extend eligibility to certain Oregon foster children who attain their highest level of education while in out-of-state placements. Modifies Oregon Promise program to extend eligibility to certain Oregon foster children who attain their highest level of education while in out-of-state placements. Temporarily permits Department of Human Services to close at screening reports of third party child abuse not involving child's parent or caregiver, member of child's household, person responsible for child's care, provider of child care or school employee, contractor, agent or volunteer. Directs department to report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to child welfare regarding reports closed at screening and to identify resources required to investigate all allegations of third party abuse. Sunsets March 31, 2021. Directs Department of Human Services to adopt rules allowing up to two family-based group homes to provide services to certain children. Directs department to report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly related to child welfare regarding success of placements in family-based group homes. Sunsets January 2, 2024. Prohibits placement of Oregon children in out-of-state child-caring agency unless child-caring agency is licensed by Department of Human Services. Establishes certain contract requirements and department duties regarding placements of children in out-of-state child-caring agencies. Delays operation of laws regarding placement of children in qualified residential treatment programs to December 1, 2020. Requires qualified residential treatment programs and psychiatric residential treatment programs to maintain site-specific accreditation from nationally recognized organization. Prohibits colocation of children and youth committed to custody of Oregon Youth Authority without court order. Declares emergency, effective July 1, 2020.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to health care; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits hospital from conditioning admission or treatment, or suggesting that treatment is conditioned, on patient having POLST or executing advance directive or other instruction regarding administration, withholding or withdrawing of life-sustaining procedures or artificially administered nutrition and hydration. Prohibits hospital from conditioning admission or treatment, or suggesting that treatment is conditioned, on patient having POLST or executing advance directive or other instruction regarding administration, withholding or withdrawing of life-sustaining procedures or artificially administered nutrition and hydration. Requires hospital to permit presence of support person for person with disability in emergency department and during hospital stay under specified conditions. Allows hospital to impose conditions to ensure safety of patient, support person and staff. Authorizes civil penalty or revocation or suspension of license] for violations of specified provisions. Requires health care provider to immediately notify state protection and advocacy organization if, during state of emergency or public health emergency, person acting on behalf of patient with intellectual or developmental disability authorizes withholding or withdrawing of life-sustaining procedures or artificially administered nutrition and hydration or transfer of patient to hospice care or if patient is denied services, care, equipment or treatment based on crisis care guidance.] Requires notification to Department of Human Services case manager, if any, and state protection and advocacy organization] before withholding or withdrawing from person with intellectual or developmental disability life-sustaining procedures or artificially administered nutrition and hydration during state of emergency or state of public health emergency]. Creates unlawful practice of denying medical treatment or restricting or limiting allocation of medical resources to protected class or based on patient's race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age or disability.] Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to State School Fund distributions; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Extends for one year small school district grants and school district funding for foreign exchange students. Extends for one year small school district grants and school district funding for foreign exchange students. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to state financial administration; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Appropriates moneys from General Fund to specified state agencies for certain biennial expenses. Appropriates moneys from General Fund to _____ for biennial expenses.] Limits biennial expenditures from fees, moneys or other revenues, including Miscellaneous Receipts, but excluding lottery funds and federal funds, collected or received by _______.] Limits biennial expenditures of _____ from federal funds.] Appropriates moneys from General Fund to specified state agencies for certain biennial expenses. Modifies certain biennial appropriations made from General Fund to Emergency Board and specified state agencies. Establishes and modifies limitations on expenditures for certain biennial expenses for specified state agencies. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Establishing deadlines for presession-filed legislative measures for 2021 regular session.. Description: Establishes deadlines for presession-filed legislative measures for 2021 regular session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly. Establishes deadlines for presession-filed legislative measures for 2021 regular session of Eighty-first Legislative Assembly.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Adjourning sine die the 2020 special session of the Eightieth Legislative Assembly.. Description: Adjourns sine die 2020 special session of Eightieth Legislative Assembly. Adjourns sine die 2020 special session of Eightieth Legislative Assembly.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Public Defense Services Commission; declaring an emergency.. Description: Expands membership of Public Defense Services Commission from seven to nine members. Modifies qualifications of members. Modifies duties of commission. Directs commission to adopt specified policies, including policies concerning compensation, caseloads and oversight. Directs commission to report on implementation of changes to committees of Legislative Assembly related to judiciary on or before March 1, 2021. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to exceptions to financial assistance prohibitions in the alcohol industry; declaring an emergency.. Description: Changes period for which alcohol manufacturer or wholesaler may lease or furnish equipment to retail licensee for special event. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to use of land; declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Department of Land Conservation and Development to approve City of Bend's expansion of urban growth boundary, and allows department to approve other land use regulations for city on specified lands, if owner of land possesses development opportunity transferred from Metolius resort site owner and city meets other conditions. Sunsets provisions on January 2, 2027] 2030. Sunsets, on July 1, 2020, laws allowing Metolius resort site owners to use development opportunity to develop small-scale recreation communities. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to kratom; declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Oregon Health Authority, Oregon Liquor Control Commission, State Department of Agriculture and Governor's office to collaborate with kratom industry to develop plan to address issues related to regulatory authority over kratom. Establishes regulations for kratom products, including labeling requirements and minimum age for sale. Requires registration of kratom products with State Department of Agriculture. Provides civil cause of action for damages resulting from violation of kratom regulations. Authorizes imposition of civil penalty for certain violations.] Creates crime of unlawful preparation, distribution, sale or offer for sale of kratom product. Punishes by maximum of 30 days' imprisonment, $1,250 fine, or both. Creates crime of unlawful distribution, sale or offer for sale to individual under 21 years of age. Punishes by maximum of 30 days' imprisonment, $1,250 fine, or both.] Takes effect on July 1, 2020.] Requires plan to be submitted to interim committees of Legislative Assembly. Sunsets January 2, 2021. Creates crime of unlawful distribution, sale or offer for sale to individual under 21 years of age. Punishes by maximum of 30 days' imprisonment, $1,250 fine, or both. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to use of land; declaring an emergency.. Description: Exempts dog training facilities from state structural specialty codes. Provides that lawful units of land whose property lines are relocated by certain judgments remain lawful units. Prohibits requiring additional validating procedures or denying permits because of judicial boundary changes. Requires State Department of Energy to, no later than September 15, 2020, provide report to Legislative Assembly on disposal of radioactive waste in Oregon. Modifies definition of radioactive waste for purposes of regulation by State Department of Energy. Requires Energy Facility Siting Council to adopt standards and rules necessary to prevent disposal of radioactive waste in Oregon. Provides Director of State Department of Energy and Energy Facility Siting Council additional authority for administration and enforcement of laws related to disposal of radioactive waste. Authorizes county to allow owner of lot or parcel within rural residential zone to construct one accessory dwelling unit on lot or parcel, subject to certain restrictions. Specifies that single-family dwelling and accessory dwelling on same lot or parcel are considered single unit for purposes of calculating exemptions from ground water rights requirements. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to boundaries of community college districts; declaring an emergency.. Description: Approves Proposed and Final Order of Higher Education Coordinating Commission dated December 12, 2019, transferring northernmost portion of Lake County from Central Oregon Community College Service District to Klamath Community College Service District. Clarifies that transferred area remains liable for its share of debt of Central Oregon Community College Service District that exists at time of transfer. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to elections.. Description: Reduces number of electors who must be registered as member of minor political party in order for minor political party to retain political party status from one-half of one percent to one-quarter of one percent of total number of registered electors in state. Reduces number of electors who must be registered as member of minor political party in order for minor political party to retain political party status from one-half of one percent to one-third] one-quarter of one percent of total number of registered electors in state.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to health care; declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits nonprofit hospital from requiring patient to apply for medical assistance before screening for or providing financial assistance. Adjusts series reference. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to pharmacy benefit managers; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies and delays implementation of requirements for pharmacy benefit managers. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to regulatory authority over marijuana; declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Revenue, Oregon Health Authority, Oregon Liquor Control Commission, State Department of Agriculture and Governor's office to consult with Oregon Cannabis Commission and other cannabis entities to develop plan to address issues related to regulatory authority over marijuana. Directs Department of Revenue, Oregon Health Authority, Oregon Liquor Control Commission, State Department of Agriculture and Governor's office to consult with Oregon Cannabis Commission and other cannabis entities to develop plan to address issues related to regulatory authority over marijuana. Requires plan to be submitted to interim committees of Legislative Assembly. Sunsets January 2, 2021. Directs Oregon Liquor Control Commission to adopt rules to develop compliance education programs for cannabis entities regulated by commission. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to hemp; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes Oregon Hemp Commission. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to residency requirements under wildlife statutes.. Description: Amends residency requirements for purposes of licenses, tags and permits related to wildlife.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to security for claims of lien in connection with work performed on motor vehicles; declaring an emergency.. Description: Specifies conditions for requiring, issuing and maintaining in effect surety bond or irrevocable letter of credit for person that creates, attaches, asserts or claims lien in connection with making, altering, repairing, transporting, storing, performing services, supplying materials or performing labor in connection with motor vehicle. Specifies persons that are exempt from requirement to maintain surety bond or irrevocable letter of credit. Becomes operative on July 1, 2020] 2021. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to cultural registration plates.. Description: Increases surcharge for cultural registration plate.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to workers' compensation for occupational diseases that certain workers suffer.. Description: Requires city that provides disability or retirement system for firefighters and police officers by ordinance or charter that is not subject to workers' compensation law to apply provisions requiring presumption that condition or impairment of health is occupational disease that results from employment if firefighter took physical examination upon gaining or during employment that failed to reveal evidence of occupational disease that existed before employment. Requires that city's denial of claim for compensation for occupational disease must be on basis of clear and convincing medical evidence that condition or impairment of health is unrelated to employment. Establishes that time limitations for filing claim are one year from date claimant first discovered or should have discovered occupational disease, one year from date claimant becomes disabled or is informed by physician that claimant is suffering from occupational disease or one year from date that worker's beneficiary first discovered or reasonably should have discovered that cause of worker's death was occupational disease.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to driving privileges; declaring an emergency.. Description: Repeals driving privilege suspension and eliminates imposition of driving privilege restrictions for failure to pay fine. Becomes operative October 1, 2020. Authorizes Department of Transportation to take certain actions before operative date of Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Public Utility Commission; declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes Public Utility Commission to allow electric companies to recover costs from retail electricity consumers for prudent infrastructure measures to support transportation electrification if certain criteria are met. Authorizes Public Utility Commission to allow electric companies to recover costs from retail electricity consumers for prudent investments or expenses in] infrastructure measures that support adoption of electric vehicles] to support transportation electrification if certain criteria are met. Requires electric company participating in clean fuels program to use revenues from sale of certain credits for programs to accelerate transportation electrification. Requires consumer-owned utility to register as credit aggregator and credit generator under clean fuels program and use revenues from sale of credits for programs to support acceleration of transportation electrification. Repeals requirements on January 2, 2026. Requires electric company to have and operate in compliance with risk-based wildfire protection plan approved by commission. Requires submission of first plan no later than December 31, 2020. Requires consumer-owned utility to have and operate in compliance with risk-based wildfire mitigation plan approved by governing body of utility. Requires submission of first plan no later than December 31, 2021. Requires commission to periodically convene workshops to develop and share information for best practices regarding wildfires. Provides that terms and conditions of requirements for risk-based wildfire plans do not affect terms or conditions of easements held by electric utility over private land as of effective date of Act. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to public utilities.. Description: Authorizes Public Utility Commission to consider differential energy burden and other inequities of affordability in rates. Authorizes public utilities to enter into agreements to provide financial assistance for organizations to represent in regulatory proceedings before commission interests of low-income residential customers and residential customers that are members of environmental justice communities. Directs commission to establish public process for investigating ways to address and mitigate, through nonbypassable means, differential energy burdens on classes of public utility customers and other inequities of affordability and environmental justice. Requires commission to incorporate findings into commission's 2021 report to Environmental Justice Task Force and Governor. Sunsets public process January 2, 2022.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to vehicles.. Description: Requires Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to amend state building code to require that new construction of certain buildings include provisions for electrical service capacity for specified percentage of parking spaces. Requires Director of Department of Consumer and Business Services to amend state building code to create electric vehicle charging infrastructure requirements for] require that new construction of certain buildings include provisions for electrical service capacity for specified percentage of parking spaces. Allows municipality to adopt local electric vehicle charging infrastructure requirements exceeding] percentage of parking space requirements higher than state building code requirements. Establishes goal of having 25 percent of vehicles owned or leased by state be zero-emission vehicles.] Requires director to make code amendments effective July 1, 2021.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to wildlife.. Description: Prohibits person from conducting or participating in contest, competition, tournament or derby that has objective of taking coyotes for cash or prizes. Provides that prohibition does not apply to raffle conducted by nonprofit organization if organization does not award raffle prizes based on number, weight or size of coyotes taken. Punishes violation of prohibition by maximum fine of $2,000. Provides that person violating Act forfeits remains of coyote to State Department of Fish and Wildlife. Declares emergency, effective on passage.].
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to inhalant delivery systems; declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits remote sales of inhalant delivery systems. Defines "inhalant delivery system." Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to memorial highways; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies criteria for erecting roadside memorial signs for deceased veterans formerly prisoners of war or unaccounted for. Takes effects on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to surgical technologists; declaring an emergency.. Description: Allows person employed by health care facility to practice surgical technology if person is enrolled in or has completed specified apprenticeship program. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to expansion of urban growth boundaries to accommodate affordable housing; declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes Land Conservation and Development Commission to approve plans for urban growth boundary expansion to accommodate affordable housing in Pendleton. Sunsets affordable housing pilot program on January 2, 2026. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to sage-grouse mitigation funding.. Description: Establishes Sage-Grouse Mitigation Program In-Lieu Fee Fund. Continuously appropriates moneys in fund to State Department of Fish and Wildlife for supporting efforts to restore, protect, enhance or increase habitat for sage grouse, including related administrative costs, related research or assessment activities or insurance for sage-grouse habitat.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the registration of reservoirs within the Big Butte Creek drainage area.. Description: Allows owner of reservoir located on specified property within Big Butte Creek drainage area to register reservoir with Water Resources Department. Establishes application and qualification deadlines. Exempts registered reservoir from water right permit and water right certificate requirements. Prohibits diversion or other uses, except for suppressing or extinguishing fire, of reservoir water. Makes reservoir use subservient to water rights. Requires property owner to measure and report flows into and out of reservoir. Requires department to order removal of reservoir if not registered. Requires department to cancel registration and order removal of reservoir if reservoir ceases to meet requirements.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to expansion of urban growth boundaries to accommodate affordable housing.. Description: Extends Department of Land Conservation and Development reporting requirements on affordable housing pilot program through 2024. Authorizes Department of Land Conservation and Development to approve local governments' plans for urban growth boundary expansion areas that will accommodate affordable housing.] Requires 2022 report to include specified information regarding expansion of pilot statewide. Sunsets affordable housing] pilot program on January 2, 2024] 2028.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to managing the utilization of health care.. Description: Requires coordinated care organizations to report specified information to Oregon Health Authority regarding requests for prior authorization. Requires insurers offering health benefit plans to report specified information to Department of Consumer and Business Services regarding requests for prior authorization. Creates new requirements and modifies existing requirements applicable to utilization review by insurers offering health benefit plans. Creates new requirements applicable to step therapy requirements imposed by entities providing health insurance, medical services contracts or health care service contracts, multiple employer welfare arrangements and pharmacy benefit managers. Exempts from certain new or modified requirements health benefit plans offered to public employees by Public Employees' Benefit Board and Oregon Educators Benefit Board.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to highway speeds; declaring an emergency.. Description: Expands Department of Transportation's authority to allow cities and specified counties to designate speeds on highways within governing body's jurisdiction under certain circumstances. Expands Department of Transportation's authority to allow city] cities and specified counties to designate speeds on highways within city's] governing body's jurisdiction under certain circumstances. Becomes operative October 1, 2020.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to the withdrawal of territory added to a district by a vote of the electors; and declaring an emergency.. Description: Provides that city in Clackamas County annexed into county parks and recreation service district between January 1, 2005, and December 31, 2006, by vote of city electors is deemed withdrawn from and no longer part of county service district as of June 30, 2020. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to discrimination.. Description: Makes unlawful practice for place of public accommodation to refuse to accept United States coins or currency as payment for goods and services. Creates limited exceptions. Allows person to file complaint with Commissioner of Bureau of Labor and Industries alleging unlawful practice against operator or person acting on behalf of place of public accommodation. Becomes operative on July 1, 2021. Allows person to bring civil action alleging unlawful practice against operator or person acting on behalf of place of public accommodation. Becomes operative on January 1, 2022.] Limits authority of school district to become member of voluntary organization that administers interscholastic activities unless organization implements policy that prohibits discrimination based on race, color or national origin. Clarifies meaning of race to include natural hair, hair texture, hair type and protective hairstyles for purposes of prohibited discrimination under antidiscrimination statutes. Clarifies that valid dress code or policy may not have disproportionate adverse impact on members of protected class.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to prevention of health impacts from exposure to chlorpyrifos; declaring an emergency.. Description: Prohibits aerial pesticide applicator from spraying or otherwise applying by aircraft pesticide product containing chlorpyrifos. Prohibits person from applying pesticide product containing chlorpyrifos within 300 feet of campus of school. Requires person that employs worker to take steps to ensure that worker does not enter into area in which pesticide product containing chlorpyrifos was applied within eight preceding calendar days. Effective January 1, 2022, prohibits sale, purchase or use of pesticide product containing chlorpyrifos. Requires State Department of Agriculture to revoke, on January 1, 2022, pesticide registrations for pesticide products containing chlorpyrifos. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to health insurance; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Prescribes grace periods for payment of premiums on certain types of health insurance. Requires notice for nonpayment of premiums to be mailed specified number of days prior to end of grace period. Authorizes Department of Consumer and Business Services to prescribe by rule content of notices sent for nonpayment of premiums. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to funding for search and rescue; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Permits Office of Emergency Management to enter into agreement with nonprofit organization representing sheriffs under which organization is authorized to administer program to produce and sell outdoor recreation search and rescue cards. Directs Office of Emergency Management to establish and administer voluntary Oregon outdoor recreation search and rescue card program.] Establishes Oregon Search and Rescue Fund. Continuously appropriates moneys in fund to office to reimburse county sheriffs for search and rescue activities and to administer and support county search and rescue grant program.] Directs office to establish county search and rescue grant program to distribute moneys to counties for equipment, training and educational outreach.] Establishes requirements for agreement. Provides that organization may use revenues from program only to reimburse administrative costs and expenses, to reimburse county sheriffs' offices for certain costs relating to search and rescue and to issue grants for search and rescue purposes. Declares emergency, effective on passage.] Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the cancellation of automobile insurance policies.. Description: Provides that insurer's cancellation of automobile insurance policy is not effective unless insurer mails or delivers notice of cancellation to named insured at least 30 days before effective date of cancellation, if policy or coverage has been in effect for 60 days or more, or at least 10 days before effective date of cancellation if cancellation is for nonpayment of premium or if policy or coverage has been in effect for less than 60 days. Requires insurer to mail or deliver notice of cancellation of automobile insurance policy at least 30 days before effective date of cancellation.] Requires insurer to include statement of reasons for cancellation under specified circumstances. Applies to vehicle liability policies issued on or after effective date of Act.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Relating to students diagnosed with a brain injury.. Description: Requires Department of Education to develop form for public education programs to use when student has been diagnosed with concussion or other brain injury.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to collection of court-imposed financial obligations; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Eliminates minimum amount of fee added to judgment that includes monetary obligation that court or judicial branch is charged with collecting. Modifies authority of Chief Justice of the Supreme Court with regard to waiver or suspension of certain fees by courts and commissions, departments and divisions in judicial branch. Clarifies provisions relating to prohibition of compromise of restitution or compensatory fine in criminal money judgment. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Indian children.. Description: Declares Oregon policy regarding Indian children. Modifies Oregon child welfare laws regarding Indian children to conform] reconcile with provisions of federal Indian Child Welfare Act.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Willamette Falls Locks Authority; declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Willamette Falls Locks Authority as public corporation. Prescribes duties of authority. Modifies duties of Willamette Falls Locks Commission. Sunsets commission on June 30, 2021. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to authorizing regional implementation of traditionally maintained channels program; declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes that Department of State Lands or State Department of Agriculture rules implementing traditionally maintained channels program may provide for implementation on region-by-region basis. Requires implementation throughout state within five-year period. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to student athletes; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Permits students participating in intercollegiate sports to earn compensation for coaching and for use of name, image or likeness and to retain professional representation or athlete agent. Permits students participating in intercollegiate sports to earn compensation for certain services] coaching and for use of name, image or likeness and to retain professional representation or athlete agent. Prohibits student from entering contract for use of name, image or likeness that conflicts with team rules or contract between post-secondary institution of education and third party, except that team rules and contract between post-secondary institution of education and third party may not prevent student from earning compensation for use of name, image or likeness when not engaged in official team activities. Takes effect January 1, 2023.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Public Records Advisory Council; declaring an emergency.. Description: Establishes Public Records Advocate as independent office within executive department. Authorizes Public Records Advisory Council to appoint advocate. Authorizes council to support or oppose legislation relating to public records law and to request legislators to introduce legislation relating to public records law. Ratifies and affirms actions taken by council before effective date of Act to recruit and appoint advocate. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to state government regulatory entities; declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to appraisal management companies. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.] Permits Oregon State Veterinary Medical Examining Board, as disciplinary sanction, to revoke, permanently or for fixed-term period, practitioner's license. Requires board to establish by rule schedule of permanent and fixed-term license revocation periods for repeat offenders. Clarifies that board may refuse to issue or renew license for applicant with history of unprofessional or dishonorable conduct, even when applicant meets qualification requirements. Adds pharmacy and drug law violations to definition of unprofessional or dishonorable conduct. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to voluntary stream restoration; declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs State Department of Fish and Wildlife to adopt by rule and administer program for authorizing voluntary projects for stream restoration and habitat improvement through construction of environmental restoration weirs. Exempts authorized projects from removal-fill permit. Exempts authorized projects from fish passage requirements in certain circumstances. Authorizes department to require fish passage as part of authorized project in certain circumstances. Authorizes department to require modification of environmental restoration weirs if found to adversely impact transportation infrastructure or planned transportation infrastructure. Authorizes department to require third-party monitoring of authorized projects. Provides that certain riparian work as part of authorized project is not subject to riparian management requirements under Oregon Forest Practices Act. Requires department to adopt rules establishing program in time for rules to become operative no later than one year after effective date of Act. Requires department to submit, no later than December 31, 2026, report to interim committees related to environment and natural resources of Legislative Assembly on extent and impact of program. Requires department to submit, no later than September 15, 2031, report to interim committees related to environment and natural resources of Legislative Assembly on environmental and economic impacts of program] assessments of conditions of qualifying streams affected by authorized voluntary projects and make recommendations for legislation. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon enrolled a bill titled: Relating to children; declaring an emergency.. Description: Directs Department of Human Services to submit documents necessary to finalize certain pending adoptions on or before June 30, 2020. Directs department to report to Legislative Assembly regarding adoption of rule for purposes of federal Family First Prevention Services Act. Modifies definition of "exempt prohibited individual" for purposes of Central Background Registry. Modifies availability of conditional enrollment in Central Background Registry. Declares that person may not be disqualified from service as child welfare service provider based on certain traits. Declares that child, ward or youth may not be prohibited from, disciplined for or retaliated against for publicly or privately speaking about child's, ward's or youth's experience receiving child welfare services. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to criminal records checks of individuals who provide care; declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to criminal records checks performed by Department of Human Services and Oregon Health Authority. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to programs that distribute state moneys to public schools receiving federal moneys; declaring an emergency.. Description: Expands definition of term "eligible student." Modifies school reimbursement rates for purposes of schools that provide free or reduced price meals under National School Lunch Program or School Breakfast Program. Makes state funding available at earlier date for summer programs at certain schools considered to be high poverty under Title I of federal Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to education; declaring an emergency.. Description: Modifies definition of "sexual conduct" for purposes of requirements for education providers related to abuse of and sexual conduct toward students. Modifies confidentiality requirements related to documents, materials and reports produced by Teacher Standards and Practices Commission and Department of Education when conducting investigation related to licensed school employee, contractor, agent or volunteer. Requires members of education service district board to be mandatory reporters of abuse of children. Provides that, for school years prior to 2021-2022 school year only, school districts are not required to comply with requirement that students in grades six through eight participate in physical education for entire school year. Provides that public education provider may hold executive session in certain instances involving allegations of sexual violence, sexual conduct or sexual harassment by public officer, employee, staff member or individual agent of public education provider. Provides for remuneration paid to certain employees of public charter school who reside and perform service in United States to be treated as if remuneration were includable in employee's taxable income during continuous period of employment with public charter school. Allows certain schools to continue to qualify as remote small elementary school or small high school and to receive additional distribution from State School Fund for 2020-2021 school year only. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to projects receiving public expenditures; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Establishes requirements for business firm advertising construction project that will be subject to property tax exemption program. Requires business firm to notify enterprise zone sponsor or county if business firm or contractor for firm's construction project enters into project labor agreement. Requires enterprise zone sponsor or county to provide Oregon Business Development Department with annual report of all project labor agreements entered into under property tax exemption programs. Requires Oregon Business Development Department to submit annual summary report to legislative committees related to economic development setting forth details of business firm participation in property tax exemption programs. Increases record retention requirement to demonstrate compliance with prevailing rate of wage to six years. Requires Bureau of Labor and Industries to report annually for five years to Legislative Assembly on efforts to modernize and streamline administration of prevailing rate of wage. Authorizes rural enterprise zone sponsors to require business firms to satisfy other conditions related to employment opportunities for purposes of enterprise zone property tax exemption. Amends economic development property tax exemption program statutes to ensure counties, county assessors, business firms, enterprise zone sponsors, Department of Revenue and Oregon Business Development Department receive information, and make commitments, necessary to comply with requirements of Act. Becomes operative January 1, 2021. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to long term care; declaring an emergency.. Description: Describes evidence that Health Licensing Office may consider to determine if applicant for residential care facility administrator license has earned high school diploma or equivalent. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to noncompetition agreements.. Description: Modifies requirements for enforceable noncompetition agreement. Makes noncompliant agreement void. Limits term of noncompetition agreement to six] 12 months. Modifies definition of "noncompetition agreement."
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to connection to federal tax law; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Updates connection date to federal Internal Revenue Code and other provisions of federal tax law. Expands types of expenses, in conformity with federal law, for which use of withdrawal from higher education savings network account is qualified withdrawal for purpose of tax-advantaged treatment. Conforms age limits, applicable to retirement and to commencing payment of benefits, to federal law, for purposes of Public Employees Retirement System. Applies to transactions or activities occurring on or after January 1, 2020, in tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2020. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to taxation; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Makes corrections to and updates tax statutes. Requires averaging of household incomes of property occupants in determination of household income for property tax exemption, in conformity with federal provisions. Applies to housing for which application is filed on or after effective date of Act.] Allows governing body of local government to elect definition of "low income" from expanded definition for purposes of certain rental property tax exemptions. Clarifies that property tax exemption for environmentally sensitive logging equipment applies to logging equipment actually used or held for use. Allows city to extend for 24 months deadline for completion of construction of single-unit housing eligible for property tax exemption. Extends sunset for homestead property tax deferral program. Aligns provision for calculating interest paid by Department of Revenue if refund is owed with similar interest provisions. Applies to tax refunds owing as of January 1, 2018. Allows tax credit for contribution to Oregon Production Investment Fund or for contribution to Opportunity Grant Fund for tax year immediately preceding current tax year, if return not yet filed for preceding tax year. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2020] 2019, and before January 1, 2024. Advances sunset and deadline for contributions for tax credit for donation to fiduciary organization for distribution to individual development accounts. Provides that infrastructure for which tax credit for short line railroad rehabilitation is allowed may be leased. Establishes $700,000 per-taxpayer limit on tax credit in single tax year. Modifies prioritization process if preliminary certifications exceed total amount available for credit. Changes biennial cap on amount available for credit to annual cap. Applies to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2020, and before January 1, 2026. Requires biennial review of special use fuel license fees by Department of Transportation and Oregon Transportation Commission. Allows Department of Revenue to disclose information about vehicle privilege tax to Department of Transportation. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to residential tenancies.. Description: Amends calculation of maximum amount payable by Housing and Community Services Department to landlords from Rent Guarantee Program Fund from per-landlord basis to per-tenant basis. Authorizes Housing and Community Services Department to provide grants and technical assistance to organizations assisting tenants in eviction proceedings.] Requires department to report to interim committee of Legislative Assembly on expenditures and services before September 15 of each year.]
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the cost of prescription drugs; declaring an emergency.. Description: Requires Department of Consumer and Business Services to investigate methods for collecting information about rebates and markups used in pharmaceutical supply chain and to report to interim committees of Legislative Assembly recommendations for collecting information. Authorizes department to access, use and disclose data from all payer, all claims database under specified conditions. Modifies increase in price of prescription drug that triggers pharmaceutical manufacturer's obligation to report data under Prescription Drug Price Transparency Act. Requires prescription drug manufacturers to respond promptly to requests by department in administering Prescription Drug Price Transparency Act.] Allows department to disclose information about consumers' notifications of increases in prices of prescription drugs but not personally identifiable information about consumers. Modifies membership of, charge to and reporting requirements for Task Force on the Fair Pricing of Prescription Drugs. Extends sunset of task force to December 31, 2022. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Oregon Institute of Technology.. Description: Designates Oregon Institute of Technology as Oregon's Polytechnic University.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to a memorial to Oregon's Vietnam War veterans; declaring an emergency.. Description: Dedicates portion of State Capitol State Park to Vietnam War memorial to be funded and constructed by qualified nonprofit corporation . Dedicates portion of State Capitol State Park to Vietnam War memorial to be funded and constructed by qualified nonprofit corporation recognized and acknowledged by Director of Veterans' Affairs]. Exempts memorial from certain land use laws. Directs Department of Veterans' Affairs] State Parks and Recreation Department to maintain finished memorial. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to State Department of Fish and Wildlife licenses; declaring an emergency.. Description: Authorizes issuance of group license for angling or shellfish to nonprofit organization serving veterans or certain armed forces members. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to courts; declaring an emergency.. Description: Clarifies that state felony traffic offenses charged in Multnomah County will be heard in court facility in Portland. Creates exception to requirement that court proceeding involving person in custody be transferred, absent good cause, from court facility in Gresham to Portland if defendant is not in custody and certain warrants have been vacated or executed. Clarifies court procedure for proponent of decedent's will. Requires notice of court order of appointment of guardian be provided in manner reasonably calculated to be received and understood by protected person. Permits provision of notice verbally or in writing and delivered in person, by telephone or by mail. Modifies date of expiration of sexual abuse restraining order for orders entered when petitioner was under 18 years of age. Specifies procedures when service on respondent of sexual abuse restraining order is completed by alternative service. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to interim therapeutic restorations; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Allows expanded practice dental hygienist to perform interim therapeutic restoration. Requires agreement between dentist and expanded practice dental hygienist to include expanded practice dental hygienist's scope of practice regarding interim therapeutic restorations. Defines "interim therapeutic restoration." Directs Oregon Board of Dentistry to adopt rules to establish educational and instructional requirements for interim therapeutic restoration and to approve applications from education providers for training courses that meet requirements. Requires certain expanded practice dental hygienists to complete approved training course. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the limited renewable energy technician license; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Amends requirements for limited renewable energy technician license. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to arbitration awards; declaring an emergency.. Description: Restricts arbitration award from ordering disciplinary action that differs from disciplinary action imposed by law enforcement agency if arbitrator makes finding that misconduct occurred consistent with agency's finding of misconduct, and disciplinary action imposed by agency is consistent with provisions of discipline guide or discipline matrix adopted by agency as result of collective bargaining and incorporated into agency's disciplinary policies. Specifies that for purposes of collective bargaining involving sworn employees] law enforcement officers of law enforcement agency, "employment relations" includes development of discipline guide or discipline matrix. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to vulnerable youth; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Modifies protective proceedings to permit vulnerable youth guardianships for adults between 18 and 21 years of age who are eligible for special immigrant status and who are unable to be reunified with parent due to abuse, neglect or abandonment that occurred before adult attained 18 years of age. Modifies protective proceedings to permit vulnerable youth guardianships for adults between 18 and 21 years of age who are not citizens or lawful permanent residents of United States] eligible for special immigrant status and who are unable to be reunified with parent due to abuse, neglect or abandonment that occurred before adult attained 18 years of age. Creates exceptions to certain protective proceeding procedural requirements in vulnerable youth guardianships. Exempts vulnerable youth guardianships from court fees. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to fitness to proceed; declaring an emergency.. Description: Defines terms related to fitness to proceed. Reorganizes and restructures statutes related to fitness to proceed. Modifies procedures and criteria for committing defendant charged with felony to state mental hospital or other facility in order to gain or regain fitness to proceed. Requires court to find that defendant requires hospital level of care due to public safety concerns or acuity of symptoms of defendant's mental disorder, and that appropriate community restoration services are not provided. Modifies procedures and criteria for committing defendant charged with misdemeanor to state mental hospital or other facility in order to gain or regain fitness to proceed. Requires either recommendation from certified evaluator that defendant requires hospital level of care and statement from community mental health program director concerning available community restoration services, or for court to make certain findings concerning severity of defendant's symptoms, present] public safety concerns and whether appropriate community restoration services are provided. Modifies procedures when circumstances authorizing commitment of defendant no longer exist. Provides that if defendant is charged with felony, superintendent of state mental hospital or director of facility to which defendant is committed may notify court when hospital level of care is no longer necessary. Authorizes community mental health program director to notify court if community restoration services become available for committed defendant charged with felony or misdemeanor. Declares emergency, effective on passage.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Relating to judicial marshals; prescribing an effective date.. Description: Provides that judicial marshal certified by Department of Public Safety Standards and Training qualifies as police officer under Public Employees Retirement System. Provides that judicial marshal employed on effective date of Act is entitled to service in retirement system as police officer for all service performed as certified judicial marshal. Changes references to Security and Emergency Preparedness Office of the Judicial Department to Marshal's Office of the Judicial Department. Takes effect on 91st day following adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Commending 2019 national champion Southern Oregon University Raiders softball team for outstanding season.. Description: Commends 2019 national champion Southern Oregon University Raiders softball team for outstanding season.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Commemorating 100th anniversary of federal Rehabilitation Act.. Description: Commemorates 100th anniversary of federal Rehabilitation Act and celebrates success of vocational rehabilitation in supporting Oregonians with disabilities to join workforce.
In 2020, Oregon passed a bill titled: Recognizing 2019 Oregon Women of Achievement.. Description: Recognizes 2019 Oregon Women of Achievement for outstanding leadership and service to people of Oregon.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating 50th anniversary of Portland Trail Blazers.. Description: Commemorates 50th anniversary of Portland Trail Blazers.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing University of Oregon Ducks quarterback Justin Herbert for outstanding season and remarkable career.. Description: Recognizes University of Oregon Ducks quarterback Justin Herbert for outstanding season and remarkable career.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Commending 2020 Rose Bowl champion University of Oregon Ducks football team for outstanding season.. Description: Commends 2020 Rose Bowl champion University of Oregon Ducks football team for outstanding season.
In 2020, Oregon engrossed a bill titled: Proposing amendment to Oregon Constitution relating to obligation of state to ensure access to health care.. Description: Proposes amendment to Oregon Constitution establishing obligation of state to ensure every resident of state access to cost-effective, clinically appropriate and affordable health care. Requires state to balance obligation to ensure health care with funding of public schools and other essential public services. Refers proposed amendment to people for their approval or rejection at next regular general election.
