Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Pennsylvania:
In 2025, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting permanent rules for the House of Representatives, further providing for definitions, for order of business, for fiscal notes, for consideration of bills, for third consideration and final passage bills, for House and concurrent resolutions, for standing committees and subcommittees, for powers and duties of standing committees and subcommittees, for public hearings, for discharge of committees, for lay on the table and for previous question.. Description: A Resolution adopting permanent rules for the House of Representatives, further providing for definitions, for order of business, for fiscal notes, for consideration of bills, for third consideration and final passage bills, for House and concurrent resolutions, for standing committees and subcommittees, for powers and duties of standing committees and subcommittees, for public hearings, for discharge of committees, for lay on the table and for previous question.
In 2025, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting Ethical Conduct Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution adopting Ethical Conduct Rules of the Senate.
In 2025, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting Financial Operating Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution adopting Financial Operating Rules of the Senate.
In 2025, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 209th and 210th Regular Session.. Description: A Resolution adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 209th and 210th Regular Session.
In 2025, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 19 through 26, 2025, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 19 through 26, 2025, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 1, 2019, as "Law Day" in Pennsylvania and urging lawmakers, attorneys, judges and schools to participate in this year's celebration.. Description: A Resolution designating May 1, 2019, as "Law Day" in Pennsylvania and urging lawmakers, attorneys, judges and schools to participate in this year's celebration.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "National Police Week" and May 15, 2019, as "Peace Officers Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "National Police Week" and May 15, 2019, as "Peace Officers Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Esophageal Cancer Awareness and Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Esophageal Cancer Awareness and Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of March 25 through 29, 2019, as "Public Higher Education Affordability Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of March 25 through 29, 2019, as "Public Higher Education Affordability Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2019 as "Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2019 as "Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Save Your Vision Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Save Your Vision Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Social Work Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Social Work Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Women's History Month" and March 8, 2019, as "International Women's Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Women's History Month" and March 8, 2019, as "International Women's Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "National Crime Victims' Rights Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "National Crime Victims' Rights Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 19, 2019, as "Celebrating Women in Public Office Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing March 19, 2019, as "Celebrating Women in Public Office Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Patient Safety Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Patient Safety Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the legacy of Hannah Callowhill Penn; and designating March 12, 2019, as "Hannah Callowhill Penn Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution honoring the legacy of Hannah Callowhill Penn; and designating March 12, 2019, as "Hannah Callowhill Penn Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "National Poetry Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "National Poetry Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Sjogren's Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Sjogren's Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Disabilities Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Disabilities Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of March 3 through 10, 2019, as "Sleep Apnea Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of March 3 through 10, 2019, as "Sleep Apnea Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing 2019 as the 80th anniversary of Junior Achievement in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing 2019 as the 80th anniversary of Junior Achievement in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a comprehensive review of unused properties, buildings and facilities owned by the Commonwealth and how to repurpose those properties, buildings and facilities for use as facilities appropriate for addiction treatment and recovery supports and to issue a report.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a comprehensive review of unused properties, buildings and facilities owned by the Commonwealth and how to repurpose those properties, buildings and facilities for use as facilities appropriate for addiction treatment and recovery supports and to issue a report.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating Hershey's Kisses as the official State candy of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.. Description: An Act designating Hershey's Kisses as the official State candy of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for water and sewer projects.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for water and sewer projects.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licensing of drivers, further providing for Medical Advisory Board.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in licensing of drivers, further providing for Medical Advisory Board.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "National Hospital Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "National Hospital Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 27, 2019, as "Dominican Republic Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 27, 2019, as "Dominican Republic Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licensing of drivers, providing for application for REAL ID.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in licensing of drivers, providing for application for REAL ID.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Emergency Preparedness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Emergency Preparedness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of December 2019 as "Sgt. Michael Strank Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of December 2019 as "Sgt. Michael Strank Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, establishing the PA VETConnect Program.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, establishing the PA VETConnect Program.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of March 16 through 22, 2020, as "Maple Producers Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of March 16 through 22, 2020, as "Maple Producers Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 25, 2020, as "World Spay Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 25, 2020, as "World Spay Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 2, 2020, as "Rheumatoid Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 2, 2020, as "Rheumatoid Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for courts to be open and suits against the Commonwealth.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for courts to be open and suits against the Commonwealth.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In limitation of time, further providing for infancy, insanity or imprisonment; in matters affecting government units, further providing for exceptions to sovereign immunity and for exceptions to governmental immunity; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in limitation of time, further providing for infancy, insanity or imprisonment; in matters affecting government units, further providing for exceptions to sovereign immunity and for exceptions to governmental immunity; and making a repeal.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for Basic Education Funding Commission and for special provisions applicable to limited school years, establishing the Child Reunification Program in the Department of Education and providing for minimum number of days or hours, for public job posting database, for instructional vacancy data and for data transparency; in duties and powers of boards of school directors, further providing for additional schools and departments; in school finances, providing for school district budget timeline for 2024 and for procedure for securing approval of electors; in grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; in school directors' associations and county boards of school directors, further providing for powers and duties; in intermediate units, further providing for visual services and for school safety and security enhancements; in professional employees, repealing provisions relating to religious garb, insignia, etc., prohibited and penalty; in certification of teachers, further providing for substitute teaching permit for prospective teachers, for locally issued temporary certification for substitute teachers and for permit for classroom monitors; providing for Educator Pipeline Support Grant Program; in pupils and attendance, further providing for compulsory education of physical defectives, for dependent children, for cost of tuition and maintenance of certain exceptional children in approved institutions, for payment of cost of tuition and maintenance of certain exceptional children, for transfer of funds for transferal programs and for children under six with defective hearing and parent or guardian advised of schools, etc.; in safe schools, further providing for definitions and for Office for Safe Schools, repealing provisions relating to regulations and to reporting, further providing for policy relating to bullying and for maintenance of records, repealing provisions relating to safe schools advocate in school districts of the first class, to standing, to enforcement and to construction of article and other laws; in school safety and security, further providing for definitions and for School Safety and Security Committee, providing for duties of committee, further providing for School Safety and Security Grant Program, providing for Targeted School Safety Grants for Nonpublic Schools and School Entities Program, for standardized protocols, for county safe schools' collaborative and for school mental health grants for 2023-2024 school year, further providing for school safety and security coordinator training and providing for reporting and memorandum of understanding, for safe schools advocate in school districts of the first class and for enforcement; in school security, further providing for definitions, for school police officers, for annual report and for school security guards; in school health services, further providing for dental examinations and dental hygiene services and providing for eating disorder awareness and education; in drug and alcohol recovery high school program, providing for enrollment of students; in terms and courses of study, providing for calculation of average daily membership for a dual credit course and further providing for Economic Education and Personal Financial Literacy Programs; in early learning programs, providing for quarterly meetings; in character education program, further providing for character education program; providing for the Dual Credit Innovation and Equity Grant Program; in high schools, further providing for attendance in other districts; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments; in educational tax credits, further providing for qualification and application by organizations, for limitations and for low-achieving schools; in school districts of the first class, further providing for qualifications of principals and teachers; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2023-2024; in credit card marketing, further providing for regulation of on-campus credit card marketing; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for definitions and for payments on account of pupils enrolled in career and technical curriculums, providing for Level-Up Supplement for 2022-2023 school year, further providing for payments on account of courses for exceptional children, for payments to intermediate units, for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status, for payments, for payments on account of pupil transportation, for Ready-to-Learn Block Grant and for payment of required contribution for public school employees' Social Security; in construction and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for applicability; providing for School Environmental Repairs Program; abrogating a regulation; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, further providing for Basic Education Funding Commission and for special provisions applicable to limited school years, establishing the Child Reunification Program in the Department of Education and providing for minimum number of days or hours, for public job posting database, for instructional vacancy data and for data transparency; in duties and powers of boards of school directors, further providing for additional schools and departments; in school finances, providing for school district budget timeline for 2024 and for procedure for securing approval of electors; in grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; in school directors' associations and county boards of school directors, further providing for powers and duties; in intermediate units, further providing for visual services and for school safety and security enhancements; in professional employees, repealing provisions relating to religious garb, insignia, etc., prohibited and penalty; in certification of teachers, further providing for substitute teaching permit for prospective teachers, for locally issued temporary certification for substitute teachers and for permit for classroom monitors; providing for Educator Pipeline Support Grant Program; in pupils and attendance, further providing for compulsory education of physical defectives, for dependent children, for cost of tuition and maintenance of certain exceptional children in approved institutions, for payment of cost of tuition and maintenance of certain exceptional children, for transfer of funds for transferal programs and for children under six with defective hearing and parent or guardian advised of schools, etc.; in safe schools, further providing for definitions and for Office for Safe Schools, repealing provisions relating to regulations and to reporting, further providing for policy relating to bullying and for maintenance of records, repealing provisions relating to safe schools advocate in school districts of the first class, to standing, to enforcement and to construction of article and other laws; in school safety and security, further providing for definitions and for School Safety and Security Committee, providing for duties of committee, further providing for School Safety and Security Grant Program, providing for Targeted School Safety Grants for Nonpublic Schools and School Entities Program, for standardized protocols, for county safe schools' collaborative and for school mental health grants for 2023-2024 school year, further providing for school safety and security coordinator training and providing for reporting and memorandum of understanding, for safe schools advocate in school districts of the first class and for enforcement; in school security, further providing for definitions, for school police officers, for annual report and for school security guards; in school health services, further providing for dental examinations and dental hygiene services and providing for eating disorder awareness and education; in drug and alcohol recovery high school program, providing for enrollment of students; in terms and courses of study, providing for calculation of average daily membership for a dual credit course and further providing for Economic Education and Personal Financial Literacy Programs; in early learning programs, providing for quarterly meetings; in character education program, further providing for character education program; providing for the Dual Credit Innovation and Equity Grant Program; in high schools, further providing for attendance in other districts; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments; in educational tax credits, further providing for qualification and application by organizations, for limitations and for low-achieving schools; in school districts of the first class, further providing for qualifications of principals and teachers; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2023-2024; in credit card marketing, further providing for regulation of on-campus credit card marketing; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for definitions and for payments on account of pupils enrolled in career and technical curriculums, providing for Level-Up Supplement for 2022-2023 school year, further providing for payments on account of courses for exceptional children, for payments to intermediate units, for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status, for payments, for payments on account of pupil transportation, for Ready-to-Learn Block Grant and for payment of required contribution for public school employees' Social Security; in construction and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for applicability; providing for School Environmental Repairs Program; abrogating a regulation; and making an editorial change.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for applications for hotel, restaurant and club liquor licenses and for application for distributors', importing distributors' and retail dispensers' licenses.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for applications for hotel, restaurant and club liquor licenses and for application for distributors', importing distributors' and retail dispensers' licenses.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the Gold Star Families Memorial Monument on the grounds of the State Capitol to honor and remember those who have fallen in the line of duty and those left behind.. Description: An Act providing for the Gold Star Families Memorial Monument on the grounds of the State Capitol to honor and remember those who have fallen in the line of duty and those left behind.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licenses of milk dealers, further providing for penalties in lieu of suspension; and, in weighing and testing, further providing for certified testers and for certified weighers and samplers.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 28, 1937 (P.L.417, No.105), known as the Milk Marketing Law, in licenses of milk dealers, further providing for penalties in lieu of suspension; and, in weighing and testing, further providing for certified testers and for certified weighers and samplers.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, providing for Operation Inherent Resolve veterans plate.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, providing for Operation Inherent Resolve veterans plate.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Medical Debt Relief Program; establishing requirements for hospital-based financial assistance; and imposing duties on the Department of Health.. Description: An Act establishing the Medical Debt Relief Program; establishing requirements for hospital-based financial assistance; and imposing duties on the Department of Health.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sexual violence, dating violence, domestic violence and stalking education, prevention and response at institutions of higher education and private licensed schools, further providing for scope of article, for definitions, for education program and for follow-up; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in sexual violence, dating violence, domestic violence and stalking education, prevention and response at institutions of higher education and private licensed schools, further providing for scope of article, for definitions, for education program and for follow-up; and making an editorial change.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In nuisances, further providing for the offense of scattering rubbish.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in nuisances, further providing for the offense of scattering rubbish.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for wage rates; providing for additional violations; further providing for powers of secretary, for collection of unpaid wages, for records and reporting and for penalties; and establishing the Equal Pay Enforcement Fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 17, 1959 (P.L.1913, No.694), known as the Equal Pay Law, further providing for definitions and for wage rates; providing for additional violations; further providing for powers of secretary, for collection of unpaid wages, for records and reporting and for penalties; and establishing the Equal Pay Enforcement Fund.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for cross-age tutoring program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for cross-age tutoring program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fees, further providing for exemption of persons, entities and vehicles from fees.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fees, further providing for exemption of persons, entities and vehicles from fees.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for hospital patient protection provisions; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, providing for hospital patient protection provisions; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Prohibiting fees for early termination of certain contracts upon death; providing for waiver of applicable fees; and imposing civil penalties.. Description: An Act prohibiting fees for early termination of certain contracts upon death; providing for waiver of applicable fees; and imposing civil penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In dispositions independent of letters, family exemption, probate of wills and grant of letters, further providing for payments to family and funeral directors.. Description: An Act amending Title 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in dispositions independent of letters, family exemption, probate of wills and grant of letters, further providing for payments to family and funeral directors.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for unlawful retention policy.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 17, 1968 (P.L.1224, No.387), known as the Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, providing for unlawful retention policy.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In subdivision and land development, providing for signage on subdivision or land development.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 31, 1968 (P.L.805, No.247), known as the Pennsylvania Municipalities Planning Code, in subdivision and land development, providing for signage on subdivision or land development.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the First-time Homebuyer Savings Account Program and the First-time Homebuyer Savings Account Program Fund; and imposing duties on the Treasury Department.. Description: An Act establishing the First-time Homebuyer Savings Account Program and the First-time Homebuyer Savings Account Program Fund; and imposing duties on the Treasury Department.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licensing of drivers, further providing for learners' permits, for application for driver's license or learner's permit, for application for driver's license or learner's permit by minor and for issuance and content of driver's license; and, in fees, further providing for driver's license and learner's permit.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in licensing of drivers, further providing for learners' permits, for application for driver's license or learner's permit, for application for driver's license or learner's permit by minor and for issuance and content of driver's license; and, in fees, further providing for driver's license and learner's permit.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In talent recruitment, further providing for Talent Recruitment Account; and establishing the Grow-Your-Own Educators Grant Program and grow-your-own educator career pathways; and imposing duties of the Department of Education.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in talent recruitment, further providing for Talent Recruitment Account; and establishing the Grow-Your-Own Educators Grant Program and grow-your-own educator career pathways; and imposing duties of the Department of Education.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In school health services, providing for eating disorder awareness and education.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school health services, providing for eating disorder awareness and education.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licensing of health care facilities, further providing for consumer protections; and abrogating a regulation.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, in licensing of health care facilities, further providing for consumer protections; and abrogating a regulation.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In fertilizer, further providing for definitions and for application of fertilizer to turf.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fertilizer, further providing for definitions and for application of fertilizer to turf.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Preferred® Trademark, further providing for definitions, for Pennsylvania Preferred® trademark, for licensee qualification, for duties and authority of department, for trademark license agreement, application and licensure process, for costs, for Pennsylvania Preferred® Trademark Licensing Fund, for injunctive relief, for rules and regulations and for purpose, repealing provisions relating to definitions and further providing for qualified veterans and qualified veteran business entities.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Preferred® Trademark, further providing for definitions, for Pennsylvania Preferred® trademark, for licensee qualification, for duties and authority of department, for trademark license agreement, application and licensure process, for costs, for Pennsylvania Preferred® Trademark Licensing Fund, for injunctive relief, for rules and regulations and for purpose, repealing provisions relating to definitions and further providing for qualified veterans and qualified veteran business entities.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In distilleries, wineries, bonded warehouses, bailees for hire and transporters for hire, establishing the Pennsylvania Distilled Spirits Industry Promotion Board.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in distilleries, wineries, bonded warehouses, bailees for hire and transporters for hire, establishing the Pennsylvania Distilled Spirits Industry Promotion Board.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board, further providing for enforcement.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board, further providing for enforcement.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Imposing a duty on municipal corporations to provide notification to property owners of changes to special flood hazard area maps of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.. Description: An Act imposing a duty on municipal corporations to provide notification to property owners of changes to special flood hazard area maps of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fees, further providing for exemption of persons, entities and vehicles from fees.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fees, further providing for exemption of persons, entities and vehicles from fees.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, providing for program for sale of used pursuit vehicles.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, providing for program for sale of used pursuit vehicles.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting the Uniform Family Law Arbitration Act.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, adopting the Uniform Family Law Arbitration Act.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of Environmental Protection, in consultation with the Department of General Services to lease certain submerged lands within Erie County and associated wind, water and solar resources for the assessment, development, construction and operation of utility scale offshore wind, solar or kinetic energy generation facilities; providing for collection of certain lease and royalty payments; establishing the Lake Erie Large-Scale Energy System Development Fund; and providing for distributions and transfers from the fund.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of Environmental Protection, in consultation with the Department of General Services to lease certain submerged lands within Erie County and associated wind, water and solar resources for the assessment, development, construction and operation of utility scale offshore wind, solar or kinetic energy generation facilities; providing for collection of certain lease and royalty payments; establishing the Lake Erie Large-Scale Energy System Development Fund; and providing for distributions and transfers from the fund.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In neighborhood blight reclamation and revitalization, providing for Municipal Codes Enforcement Grant Program; providing for county property maintenance code; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in neighborhood blight reclamation and revitalization, providing for Municipal Codes Enforcement Grant Program; providing for county property maintenance code; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Consolidating the act of April 8, 1868 (P.L.73, No.37), entitled "An act to authorize the recorder of deeds in the several counties of this Commonwealth to record the discharges of all honorably discharged officers and soldiers"; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 16 (Counties) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, consolidating the act of April 8, 1868 (P.L.73, No.37), entitled "An act to authorize the recorder of deeds in the several counties of this Commonwealth to record the discharges of all honorably discharged officers and soldiers"; and making a repeal.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personnel of the system, establishing eviction agent advisory boards in cities of the first class and eviction agent education and training programs in cities of the first class; providing for eviction procedure in cities of the first class; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 68 (Real and Personal Property) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in personnel of the system, establishing eviction agent advisory boards in cities of the first class and eviction agent education and training programs in cities of the first class; providing for eviction procedure in cities of the first class; and making an editorial change.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In soil and plant amendment, further providing for registration, for inspection fees, for tonnage reports and for disposition of funds.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in soil and plant amendment, further providing for registration, for inspection fees, for tonnage reports and for disposition of funds.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for supplemental benefits.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 31, 1971 (P.L.398, No.96), known as the County Pension Law, further providing for supplemental benefits.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for workplace health and safety standards for public employees; providing for powers and duties of the Secretary of Labor and Industry; establishing the Pennsylvania Occupational Safety and Health Review Board; providing for workplace inspections; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act providing for workplace health and safety standards for public employees; providing for powers and duties of the Secretary of Labor and Industry; establishing the Pennsylvania Occupational Safety and Health Review Board; providing for workplace inspections; and imposing penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for the title of the act, for findings and declaration of policy, for right to freedom from discrimination in employment, housing and public accommodation, for definitions, for unlawful discriminatory practices and for prohibition of certain real estate practices; providing for protection of religious exercise; and further providing for powers and duties of commission and for construction and exclusiveness of remedy.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 27, 1955 (P.L.744, No.222), known as the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act, further providing for the title of the act, for findings and declaration of policy, for right to freedom from discrimination in employment, housing and public accommodation, for definitions, for unlawful discriminatory practices and for prohibition of certain real estate practices; providing for protection of religious exercise; and further providing for powers and duties of commission and for construction and exclusiveness of remedy.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for special provisions applicable to limited school years; in duties and powers of board of school directors, further providing for additional schools and departments; in grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; in school directors' associations and county boards of school directors, further providing for powers and duties; in intermediate units, further providing for visual services and for school safety and security enhancements; in certification of teachers, further providing for substitute teaching permit for prospective teachers and for locally issued temporary certification for substitute teachers, repealing provisions relating to permit for classroom monitors and providing for permit for classroom monitors; providing for the Educator Pipeline Support Grant Program; in pupils and attendance, further providing for compulsory education of physical defectives, for school lunch and breakfast reimbursement, for dependent children, for actual cost of tuition and maintenance of certain exceptional children in the four chartered schools for education of the deaf and the blind, for payment of cost of tuition and maintenance of certain exceptional children, for transfer of funds for transferal programs and for children under six with defective hearing and parent or guardian advised of schools, etc.; in safe schools, further providing for definitions and for Office for Safe Schools, repealing provisions relating to regulations and to reporting, further providing for policy relating to bullying and for maintenance of records and repealing provisions relating to Safe Schools Advocate in School Districts of the First Class, to standing, to enforcement and to construction of article and other laws; in school safety and security, further providing for definitions and for school safety and security committee, providing for duties of committee, further providing for School Safety and Security Grant Program, providing for Targeted School Safety Grants for Nonpublic Schools and School Entities Program, for standardized protocols, for county safe schools' collaborative and for school mental health grants for 2023-2024 school year, further providing for school safety and security coordinator training and providing for reporting and memorandum of understanding, for safe schools advocate in school districts of the first class and for enforcement; in school security, further providing for definitions, for school police officers, for annual report and for school security guards; in character education program, further providing for character education program; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments; in educational tax credits, further providing for definitions, for qualification and application by organizations and for limitations; in school districts of the first class, further providing for qualifications of principals and teachers; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2023-2024; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for definitions and for payments on account of pupils enrolled in career and technical curriculums, for payments on account of courses for exceptional children, for payments to intermediate units, for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status, for payments, for payments on account of pupil transportation, for Ready-to-Learn Block Grant and for payment of required contribution for public school employees' Social Security; in construction and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for applicability; providing for School Environmental Repairs Program; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, further providing for special provisions applicable to limited school years; in duties and powers of board of school directors, further providing for additional schools and departments; in grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; in school directors' associations and county boards of school directors, further providing for powers and duties; in intermediate units, further providing for visual services and for school safety and security enhancements; in certification of teachers, further providing for substitute teaching permit for prospective teachers and for locally issued temporary certification for substitute teachers, repealing provisions relating to permit for classroom monitors and providing for permit for classroom monitors; providing for the Educator Pipeline Support Grant Program; in pupils and attendance, further providing for compulsory education of physical defectives, for school lunch and breakfast reimbursement, for dependent children, for actual cost of tuition and maintenance of certain exceptional children in the four chartered schools for education of the deaf and the blind, for payment of cost of tuition and maintenance of certain exceptional children, for transfer of funds for transferal programs and for children under six with defective hearing and parent or guardian advised of schools, etc.; in safe schools, further providing for definitions and for Office for Safe Schools, repealing provisions relating to regulations and to reporting, further providing for policy relating to bullying and for maintenance of records and repealing provisions relating to Safe Schools Advocate in School Districts of the First Class, to standing, to enforcement and to construction of article and other laws; in school safety and security, further providing for definitions and for school safety and security committee, providing for duties of committee, further providing for School Safety and Security Grant Program, providing for Targeted School Safety Grants for Nonpublic Schools and School Entities Program, for standardized protocols, for county safe schools' collaborative and for school mental health grants for 2023-2024 school year, further providing for school safety and security coordinator training and providing for reporting and memorandum of understanding, for safe schools advocate in school districts of the first class and for enforcement; in school security, further providing for definitions, for school police officers, for annual report and for school security guards; in character education program, further providing for character education program; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments; in educational tax credits, further providing for definitions, for qualification and application by organizations and for limitations; in school districts of the first class, further providing for qualifications of principals and teachers; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2023-2024; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for definitions and for payments on account of pupils enrolled in career and technical curriculums, for payments on account of courses for exceptional children, for payments to intermediate units, for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status, for payments, for payments on account of pupil transportation, for Ready-to-Learn Block Grant and for payment of required contribution for public school employees' Social Security; in construction and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for applicability; providing for School Environmental Repairs Program; and making an editorial change.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for licensure of manager-barbers and barber-teachers.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 19, 1931 (P.L.589, No.202), referred to as the Barbers' License Law, further providing for licensure of manager-barbers and barber-teachers.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In proceedings prior to petition to adopt, further providing for hearing, for alternative procedure for relinquishment and for hearing; in support matters generally, further providing for paternity and for continuing jurisdiction over support orders; in general provisions relating to children and minors, repealing provisions relating to acknowledgment and claim of paternity; in jurisdiction, further providing for bases for jurisdiction over nonresident; enacting the Uniform Parentage Act; and providing for parent-child relationship for certain individuals, for voluntary acknowledgment of parentage, for genetic testing, for proceeding to adjudicate parentage, for assisted reproduction, for surrogacy agreements and for information about donors.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in proceedings prior to petition to adopt, further providing for hearing, for alternative procedure for relinquishment and for hearing; in support matters generally, further providing for paternity and for continuing jurisdiction over support orders; in general provisions relating to children and minors, repealing provisions relating to acknowledgment and claim of paternity; in jurisdiction, further providing for bases for jurisdiction over nonresident; enacting the Uniform Parentage Act; and providing for parent-child relationship for certain individuals, for voluntary acknowledgment of parentage, for genetic testing, for proceeding to adjudicate parentage, for assisted reproduction, for surrogacy agreements and for information about donors.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for awards to first responders.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for awards to first responders.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for repair obligations, for manufacturer's duty for refund or replacement and for presumption of a reasonable number of attempts.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 28, 1984 (P.L.150, No.28), known as the Automobile Lemon Law, further providing for definitions, for repair obligations, for manufacturer's duty for refund or replacement and for presumption of a reasonable number of attempts.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the exclusion of veterans' benefit payments from income for Commonwealth programs.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for the exclusion of veterans' benefit payments from income for Commonwealth programs.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fishing licenses, further providing for exemptions from license requirements.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fishing licenses, further providing for exemptions from license requirements.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In human trafficking, further providing for civil causes of action.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in human trafficking, further providing for civil causes of action.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In professional and occupational licenses, further providing for retention of licenses and certifications of persons entering military service.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in professional and occupational licenses, further providing for retention of licenses and certifications of persons entering military service.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In consolidated county assessment, further providing for assessment of lands divided by boundary lines; and, in seller disclosures, further providing for disclosure form.. Description: An Act amending Titles 53 (Municipalities Generally) and 68 (Real and Personal Property) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in consolidated county assessment, further providing for assessment of lands divided by boundary lines; and, in seller disclosures, further providing for disclosure form.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In mental health: departmental powers and duties, commissioner of mental health, interstate compact, reciprocal agreements and research foundation, providing for mental health care services clearinghouse; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in mental health: departmental powers and duties, commissioner of mental health, interstate compact, reciprocal agreements and research foundation, providing for mental health care services clearinghouse; and making an editorial change.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for independent contractors.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 13, 2010 (P.L.506, No.72), known as the Construction Workplace Misclassification Act, further providing for independent contractors.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of stalking.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of stalking.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the annual designation and holiday observance of the fifteenth day of the Hindu lunisolar month of Kartik as "Diwali Day" in this Commonwealth.. Description: An Act providing for the annual designation and holiday observance of the fifteenth day of the Hindu lunisolar month of Kartik as "Diwali Day" in this Commonwealth.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for the duration of grants.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 23, 2002 (P.L.298, No.39), known as the Main Street Act, further providing for the duration of grants.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In other required equipment, further providing for restraint systems.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in other required equipment, further providing for restraint systems.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: An act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in Treasury Department, establishing the. Description: An act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in Treasury Department, establishing the
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending Title 66 (Public Utilities) of the Pennsylvania. Description: An Act amending Title 66 (Public Utilities) of the Pennsylvania
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing standards for carbon monoxide alarms in child care centers and family child care homes; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act providing standards for carbon monoxide alarms in child care centers and family child care homes; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In professional employees, providing for National Guard and Reserve parent student support.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in professional employees, providing for National Guard and Reserve parent student support.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In medical professional liability, providing for informed consent in pelvic, rectal and prostate examinations.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 20, 2002 (P.L.154, No.13), known as the Medical Care Availability and Reduction of Error (Mcare) Act, in medical professional liability, providing for informed consent in pelvic, rectal and prostate examinations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, further providing for prohibiting use of hearing impairment devices.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, further providing for prohibiting use of hearing impairment devices.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licensing of drivers, further providing for determination of incompetency; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in licensing of drivers, further providing for determination of incompetency; and abrogating regulations.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In protection from abuse, providing for waiver of fee for corrected or duplicate State documents.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in protection from abuse, providing for waiver of fee for corrected or duplicate State documents.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Keystone Saves Program, the Keystone Saves Program Fund, the Keystone Saves Administrative Fund and the Keystone Saves Program Advisory Board; and providing for powers and duties of the Treasury Department, for investment and fiduciary responsibilities and for program implementation.. Description: An Act establishing the Keystone Saves Program, the Keystone Saves Program Fund, the Keystone Saves Administrative Fund and the Keystone Saves Program Advisory Board; and providing for powers and duties of the Treasury Department, for investment and fiduciary responsibilities and for program implementation.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the Fresh Food Financing Initiative; establishing the Fresh Food Financing Initiative Restricted Account; and imposing duties on the Department of Agriculture.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for the Fresh Food Financing Initiative; establishing the Fresh Food Financing Initiative Restricted Account; and imposing duties on the Department of Agriculture.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2020 as "Ancient Order of Hibernians Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2020 as "Ancient Order of Hibernians Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: To provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Legislative Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.. Description: An Act to provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Legislative Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for funding for State-related universities for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, and ending June 30, 2024, for costs basis, for frequency of payments and for recordkeeping requirements; imposing a duty on the Auditor General; providing for financial statements and for the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund; and making appropriations.. Description: An Act providing for funding for State-related universities for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, and ending June 30, 2024, for costs basis, for frequency of payments and for recordkeeping requirements; imposing a duty on the Auditor General; providing for financial statements and for the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund; and making appropriations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for funding for certain State-aided universities for. Description: An Act providing for funding for certain State-aided universities for
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024.. Description: An Act making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the capital budget for fiscal year 2023-2024.. Description: An Act providing for the capital budget for fiscal year 2023-2024.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for unlawful acts or practices and exclusions.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 17, 1968 (P.L.1224, No.387), known as the Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, further providing for definitions and for unlawful acts or practices and exclusions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the designation of the lawn of the Speaker K. Leroy Irvis Office Building within the Pennsylvania State Capitol Complex in Harrisburg as the "Irvis Equality Circle.". Description: An Act providing for the designation of the lawn of the Speaker K. Leroy Irvis Office Building within the Pennsylvania State Capitol Complex in Harrisburg as the "Irvis Equality Circle."
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for transparency in realty agreements; prohibiting unfair real estate service agreements; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act providing for transparency in realty agreements; prohibiting unfair real estate service agreements; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for pet insurance; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 40 (Insurance) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for pet insurance; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In pupils and attendance, further providing for residence and right to free school privileges.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in pupils and attendance, further providing for residence and right to free school privileges.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Women, Infants and Children State Advisory Board.. Description: An Act establishing the Women, Infants and Children State Advisory Board.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for program operation.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 10, 1986 (P.L.1396, No.121), known as the Women's, Infants' and Children's Nutrition Improvement Act, further providing for program operation.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for organization of an authority.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 28, 1937 (P.L.955, No.265), referred to as the Housing Authorities Law, further providing for organization of an authority.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fostering independence through education, further providing for definitions, for fostering independence waiver program, for outreach and for report.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in fostering independence through education, further providing for definitions, for fostering independence waiver program, for outreach and for report.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the PA Teacher Pipeline Scholarship Program; and imposing duties on the Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency and certain institutions of higher education.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, establishing the PA Teacher Pipeline Scholarship Program; and imposing duties on the Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency and certain institutions of higher education.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In criminal history record information, further providing for definitions, for general regulations, for expungement, for petition for limited access, for clean slate limited access, for exceptions, for effects of expunged records and records subject to limited access and for employer immunity from liability.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in criminal history record information, further providing for definitions, for general regulations, for expungement, for petition for limited access, for clean slate limited access, for exceptions, for effects of expunged records and records subject to limited access and for employer immunity from liability.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for municipal claims first lien, cities of first class, docketing, judgment and execution, for cities of the first class, recovery of judgment and sale free from claims, for redemption and for rule to show cause, decree, service and notice and providing for disposition of property in cities of the second class.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 16, 1923 (P.L.207, No.153), referred to as the Municipal Claim and Tax Lien Law, further providing for municipal claims first lien, cities of first class, docketing, judgment and execution, for cities of the first class, recovery of judgment and sale free from claims, for redemption and for rule to show cause, decree, service and notice and providing for disposition of property in cities of the second class.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In firearms and other dangerous articles, repealing provisions relating to sale or transfer of firearms, further providing for Pennsylvania State Police and providing for duty to report to United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in firearms and other dangerous articles, repealing provisions relating to sale or transfer of firearms, further providing for Pennsylvania State Police and providing for duty to report to United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In penalties and disposition of fines, further providing for inability to pay fine and costs.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in penalties and disposition of fines, further providing for inability to pay fine and costs.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for powers and duties of the department.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 7, 1980 (P.L.380, No.97), known as the Solid Waste Management Act, in general provisions, further providing for powers and duties of the department.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Commonwealth budget procedures, providing for scope and for. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Commonwealth budget procedures, providing for scope and for
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for insurance data security; in reserve liabilities, repealing provisions relating to small company exemption and providing for adoption of exemption standards of NAIC Valuation Manual; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 40 (Insurance) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for insurance data security; in reserve liabilities, repealing provisions relating to small company exemption and providing for adoption of exemption standards of NAIC Valuation Manual; and imposing penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In departmental powers and duties as to licensing, providing for notice of legal representation for medical assistance.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in departmental powers and duties as to licensing, providing for notice of legal representation for medical assistance.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In liability and compensation, further providing for compensation payable in periodical installments.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 2, 1915 (P.L.736, No.338), known as the Workers' Compensation Act, in liability and compensation, further providing for compensation payable in periodical installments.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Pennsylvania Socially Diverse Farmers Commission and providing for its powers and duties.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing the Pennsylvania Socially Diverse Farmers Commission and providing for its powers and duties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In neighborhood blight reclamation and revitalization, further providing for definitions and providing for vacant and blighted property registration; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in neighborhood blight reclamation and revitalization, further providing for definitions and providing for vacant and blighted property registration; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In firearms and other dangerous articles, further providing for definitions and providing for the offense of sale of firearm or firearm parts without serial numbers and for privately made firearms.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in firearms and other dangerous articles, further providing for definitions and providing for the offense of sale of firearm or firearm parts without serial numbers and for privately made firearms.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for appointments and incompatible offices.. Description: An Act amending Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for appointments and incompatible offices.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for short title, for definitions, for deferral or exemption authority and for retroactive application.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 13, 1988 (P.L.1190, No.146), known as the First and Second Class County Property Tax Relief Act, further providing for short title, for definitions, for deferral or exemption authority and for retroactive application.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for identification requirements for sale of scrap materials to scrap processors and recycling facility operators and for penalties; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 9, 2008 (P.L.1408, No.113), known as the Scrap Material Theft Prevention Act, further providing for identification requirements for sale of scrap materials to scrap processors and recycling facility operators and for penalties; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In construction, improvement, maintenance and repair of State highways, providing for native vegetation along highways.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 1, 1945 (P.L.1242, No.428), known as the State Highway Law, in construction, improvement, maintenance and repair of State highways, providing for native vegetation along highways.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of December 15, 1982 (P.L.1266, No.287), entitled "An act conferring limited residency status on military personnel, their dependents and civilian personnel assigned to an active duty station in Pennsylvania," further providing for residency of students.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 15, 1982 (P.L.1266, No.287), entitled "An act conferring limited residency status on military personnel, their dependents and civilian personnel assigned to an active duty station in Pennsylvania," further providing for residency of students.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of Health and its departmental administrative and advisory boards, providing for perimenopause and menopause education.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of Health and its departmental administrative and advisory boards, providing for perimenopause and menopause education.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons, for late contributions and independent expenditures, for oath of compliance, perjury, disqualification from office and commercial use, for residual funds and for place of filing, providing for manner of filing and for inability to file reports or statements electronically by deadline and further providing for late filing fee and certificate of filing, for additional powers and duties of the Secretary of the Commonwealth and for reports by business entities and publication by Secretary of the Commonwealth.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons, for late contributions and independent expenditures, for oath of compliance, perjury, disqualification from office and commercial use, for residual funds and for place of filing, providing for manner of filing and for inability to file reports or statements electronically by deadline and further providing for late filing fee and certificate of filing, for additional powers and duties of the Secretary of the Commonwealth and for reports by business entities and publication by Secretary of the Commonwealth.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, providing for removal of vehicles in a city of the first class.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, providing for removal of vehicles in a city of the first class.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for State Board of Pharmacy.. Description: An Act amending the act of September 27, 1961 (P.L.1700, No.699), known as the Pharmacy Act, further providing for State Board of Pharmacy.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of State and its departmental administrative board, establishing the Pharmaceutical Collection Sites Educational Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of State and its departmental administrative board, establishing the Pharmaceutical Collection Sites Educational Program.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, providing for special plates for recipients of Borinqueneers Congressional Gold Medal.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, providing for special plates for recipients of Borinqueneers Congressional Gold Medal.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions;. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions;
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In DNA data and testing, further providing for policy, for definitions, for DNA sample required upon conviction, delinquency adjudication and certain ARD cases, for collection from persons accepted from other jurisdictions, for expungement and for mandatory cost.. Description: An Act amending Title 44 (Law and Justice) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in DNA data and testing, further providing for policy, for definitions, for DNA sample required upon conviction, delinquency adjudication and certain ARD cases, for collection from persons accepted from other jurisdictions, for expungement and for mandatory cost.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for mandatory provisions to prevent misuse of State grants or loans.. Description: An Act providing for mandatory provisions to prevent misuse of State grants or loans.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In emergency management services, providing for counterterrorism planning, preparedness and response; in Emergency Management Assistance Compact, providing for construction; and making repeals.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in emergency management services, providing for counterterrorism planning, preparedness and response; in Emergency Management Assistance Compact, providing for construction; and making repeals.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In voting by qualified absentee electors, further providing for canvassing of official absentee ballots and mail-in ballots; and, in Election Integrity Grant Program, further providing for funding for elections.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in voting by qualified absentee electors, further providing for canvassing of official absentee ballots and mail-in ballots; and, in Election Integrity Grant Program, further providing for funding for elections.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In emergency COVID-19 response, providing for adult mental health program funding; in 2022-2023 budget implementation, repealing provisions relating to Department of Human Services; and making appropriations.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in emergency COVID-19 response, providing for adult mental health program funding; in 2022-2023 budget implementation, repealing provisions relating to Department of Human Services; and making appropriations.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, providing for waiver to purchase diapers or menstrual hygiene products.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, providing for waiver to purchase diapers or menstrual hygiene products.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In school health services, providing for Menstrual Hygiene Products Accessibility Grant Program; and making an appropriation.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school health services, providing for Menstrual Hygiene Products Accessibility Grant Program; and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In neighborhood blight reclamation and revitalization, further providing for municipal permit denial.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in neighborhood blight reclamation and revitalization, further providing for municipal permit denial.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In employees, further providing for powers and duties of commission.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in employees, further providing for powers and duties of commission.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fishing licenses, providing for active duty military fishing reciprocity and for disabled veteran annual fishing license reciprocity; and, in hunting and furtaking licenses, providing for active duty military hunting reciprocity and for disabled veteran annual hunting license reciprocity.. Description: An Act amending Titles 30 (Fish) and 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fishing licenses, providing for active duty military fishing reciprocity and for disabled veteran annual fishing license reciprocity; and, in hunting and furtaking licenses, providing for active duty military hunting reciprocity and for disabled veteran annual hunting license reciprocity.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In transfers of credits between. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in transfers of credits between
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general administration, further providing for State recording system for application of restraints to pregnant prisoners or detainees; in county correctional institutions, further providing for county recording system for application of restraints to pregnant prisoners or detainees; providing for Department of Human Services facilities; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for healthy birth for incarcerated women and providing for restrictive housing prohibited for pregnant or postpartum incarcerated individuals and detainees, for cavity search and inspection restrictions, for training and education requirement, for feminine hygiene and incontinence products and for postpartum recovery.. Description: An Act amending Title 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general administration, further providing for State recording system for application of restraints to pregnant prisoners or detainees; in county correctional institutions, further providing for county recording system for application of restraints to pregnant prisoners or detainees; providing for Department of Human Services facilities; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for healthy birth for incarcerated women and providing for restrictive housing prohibited for pregnant or postpartum incarcerated individuals and detainees, for cavity search and inspection restrictions, for training and education requirement, for feminine hygiene and incontinence products and for postpartum recovery.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, providing for automated external defibrillators in State buildings.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, providing for automated external defibrillators in State buildings.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth Financing Authority, further providing for Second Stage Loan Program.. Description: An Act amending Title 64 (Public Authorities and Quasi-Public Corporations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth Financing Authority, further providing for Second Stage Loan Program.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In liability and compensation, further providing for schedule of compensation.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 2, 1915 (P.L.736, No.338), known as the Workers' Compensation Act, in liability and compensation, further providing for schedule of compensation.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, providing for workers' rights.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, providing for workers' rights.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of September 1, 1965 (P.L.420, No.215), known as The Frozen Dessert Law.. Description: An Act repealing the act of September 1, 1965 (P.L.420, No.215), known as The Frozen Dessert Law.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In hotels, providing for protection of hotel employees; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 48 (Lodging and Housing) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in hotels, providing for protection of hotel employees; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In procedure, further providing for exceptions for public records.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 14, 2008 (P.L.6, No.3), known as the Right-to-Know Law, in procedure, further providing for exceptions for public records.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In firearms and other dangerous articles, further providing for persons not to possess, use, manufacture, control, sell or transfer firearms and for abandonment of firearms, weapons or ammunition; in community and municipal courts, further providing for masters; adding provisions relating to extreme risk protection orders; imposing duties on the Office of Attorney General; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in firearms and other dangerous articles, further providing for persons not to possess, use, manufacture, control, sell or transfer firearms and for abandonment of firearms, weapons or ammunition; in community and municipal courts, further providing for masters; adding provisions relating to extreme risk protection orders; imposing duties on the Office of Attorney General; and imposing penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In departmental powers and duties as to supervision, providing for Keystone STARS Program; and, in departmental powers and duties as to licensing, further providing for fees, providing for Keystone STARS Program and further providing for definition.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in departmental powers and duties as to supervision, providing for Keystone STARS Program; and, in departmental powers and duties as to licensing, further providing for fees, providing for Keystone STARS Program and further providing for definition.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting discrimination in certain life insurance policies based on certain drugs.. Description: An Act prohibiting discrimination in certain life insurance policies based on certain drugs.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for ethnic intimidation; in particular rights and immunities, further providing for civil rights violations; and, in employees, further providing for definitions and providing for annual officer training on hate-based intimidation.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses), 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for ethnic intimidation; in particular rights and immunities, further providing for civil rights violations; and, in employees, further providing for definitions and providing for annual officer training on hate-based intimidation.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Safe2Say Program, further providing for definitions and for Safe2Say Program; in postsecondary institution sexual harassment and sexual violence policy and online reporting system, further providing for definitions, for policy for postsecondary institution sexual harassment and sexual violence and for online reporting system; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in Safe2Say Program, further providing for definitions and for Safe2Say Program; in postsecondary institution sexual harassment and sexual violence policy and online reporting system, further providing for definitions, for policy for postsecondary institution sexual harassment and sexual violence and for online reporting system; and making an editorial change.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of ethnic intimidation; and, in particular rights and immunities, further prohibiting civil rights violations.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of ethnic intimidation; and, in particular rights and immunities, further prohibiting civil rights violations.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In railroads, providing for prohibition on blocking of crossings, for limitation on length of freight or work trains, for authorization to monitor safety practices and operations by collective bargaining representatives, for safe staffing levels for trains or light engines, for wayside detector systems, for study of transportation of hazardous materials or waste and for reporting system for transportation of hazardous materials or waste; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 66 (Public Utilities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in railroads, providing for prohibition on blocking of crossings, for limitation on length of freight or work trains, for authorization to monitor safety practices and operations by collective bargaining representatives, for safe staffing levels for trains or light engines, for wayside detector systems, for study of transportation of hazardous materials or waste and for reporting system for transportation of hazardous materials or waste; and imposing penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the boat access located on the West Branch of the Susquehanna River in Muncy Creek Township, Lycoming County, as the Representative Garth Everett Muncy Access Area.. Description: An Act designating the boat access located on the West Branch of the Susquehanna River in Muncy Creek Township, Lycoming County, as the Representative Garth Everett Muncy Access Area.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Solar for Schools Grant Program; and providing for powers and duties of the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act establishing the Solar for Schools Grant Program; and providing for powers and duties of the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, further providing for acknowledgment of littering provisions; and, in licensing of drivers, further providing for acknowledgment of littering provisions.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, further providing for acknowledgment of littering provisions; and, in licensing of drivers, further providing for acknowledgment of littering provisions.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for health care insurance preventive services coverage protections; conferring authority on the Insurance Department and the Insurance Commissioner; and providing for regulations, for enforcement and for penalties.. Description: An Act providing for health care insurance preventive services coverage protections; conferring authority on the Insurance Department and the Insurance Commissioner; and providing for regulations, for enforcement and for penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In juvenile matters, further providing for definitions and for notice and hearing.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in juvenile matters, further providing for definitions and for notice and hearing.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In neighborhood blight reclamation and revitalization, providing for State blight data collection system; establishing the Property Maintenance Code Serious Violations Registry and the Property Maintenance Code Serious Violations Registry Account; and making a transfer from the General Fund.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in neighborhood blight reclamation and revitalization, providing for State blight data collection system; establishing the Property Maintenance Code Serious Violations Registry and the Property Maintenance Code Serious Violations Registry Account; and making a transfer from the General Fund.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for creation of tax increment districts and approval of project plans and for financing of project costs.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 11, 1990 (P.L.465, No.113), known as the Tax Increment Financing Act, further providing for definitions, for creation of tax increment districts and approval of project plans and for financing of project costs.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In professional employees, further providing for qualifications; and, in certification of teachers, further providing for State certificates.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in professional employees, further providing for qualifications; and, in certification of teachers, further providing for State certificates.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2020 as "Pennsylvania 8-1-1 Safe Digging Month.". Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2020 as "Pennsylvania 8-1-1 Safe Digging Month."
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In responsible utility customer protection, further providing for declaration of policy and for definitions, providing for security deposits, further providing for payment arrangements, for termination of utility service, for reconnection of service, for complaints filed with commission, for public utility duties, for reporting of recipients of public assistance, for reporting to General Assembly and Governor, for nonapplicability and for expiration.. Description: An Act amending Title 66 (Public Utilities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in responsible utility customer protection, further providing for declaration of policy and for definitions, providing for security deposits, further providing for payment arrangements, for termination of utility service, for reconnection of service, for complaints filed with commission, for public utility duties, for reporting of recipients of public assistance, for reporting to General Assembly and Governor, for nonapplicability and for expiration.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for Indigent Defense Advisory Committee; and establishing the Indigent Defense Grant Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 22, 1978 (P.L.1166, No.274), referred to as the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency Law, providing for Indigent Defense Advisory Committee; and establishing the Indigent Defense Grant Program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, further providing for veterans registry; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, further providing for veterans registry; and making an editorial change.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In commercial drivers, further providing for disqualification.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in commercial drivers, further providing for disqualification.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In pupils and attendance, providing for military child advance enrollment.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in pupils and attendance, providing for military child advance enrollment.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board, establishing the Stop-and-Go Legislative Task Force; and, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for public venue license and for limiting number of retail licenses to be issued in each county.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board, establishing the Stop-and-Go Legislative Task Force; and, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for public venue license and for limiting number of retail licenses to be issued in each county.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for moment of silence on September 11 anniversary.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for moment of silence on September 11 anniversary.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In tax relief in cities of the first class, further providing for supplemental senior citizen tax reduction; and, in senior citizens property tax and rent rebate assistance, further providing for property tax and rent rebate and for filing of claim.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 27, 2006 (1st Sp.Sess., P.L.1873, No.1), known as the Taxpayer Relief Act, in tax relief in cities of the first class, further providing for supplemental senior citizen tax reduction; and, in senior citizens property tax and rent rebate assistance, further providing for property tax and rent rebate and for filing of claim.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions relating to divorce, further providing for legislative findings and intent, for definitions and for effect of agreement between parties; and, in property rights, further providing for equitable division of marital property.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions relating to divorce, further providing for legislative findings and intent, for definitions and for effect of agreement between parties; and, in property rights, further providing for equitable division of marital property.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Safe Communities Grant Program and the Safe Communities Grant Program Fund; and imposing duties on the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing the Safe Communities Grant Program and the Safe Communities Grant Program Fund; and imposing duties on the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of April 27, 1905 (P.L.312, No.218), entitled "An act creating a Department of Health, and defining its powers and duties," further providing for State health centers; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 27, 1905 (P.L.312, No.218), entitled "An act creating a Department of Health, and defining its powers and duties," further providing for State health centers; and making editorial changes.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sales and use tax, further providing for definitions and for imposition of tax; and, in gross receipts tax, further providing for imposition of tax.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in sales and use tax, further providing for definitions and for imposition of tax; and, in gross receipts tax, further providing for imposition of tax.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, providing for Cybersecurity Coordination Board.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, providing for Cybersecurity Coordination Board.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for access to contraceptives; imposing duties on the Insurance Department and the Department of Human Services; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act providing for access to contraceptives; imposing duties on the Insurance Department and the Department of Human Services; and imposing penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for sales by liquor licensees and restrictions, for retail dispensers' restrictions on purchases and sales, for breweries and for unlawful acts relative to liquor, malt and brewed beverages and licensees.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for sales by liquor licensees and restrictions, for retail dispensers' restrictions on purchases and sales, for breweries and for unlawful acts relative to liquor, malt and brewed beverages and licensees.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In land banks, further providing for acquisition of property and providing for municipal acquisition of real property.. Description: An Act amending Title 68 (Real and Personal Property) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in land banks, further providing for acquisition of property and providing for municipal acquisition of real property.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for restrictions on the sale and application of high-PAH sealants; establishing the Safer Sealant Fund; imposing duties on the Department of Environmental Protection; authorizing certain municipal ordinances; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act providing for restrictions on the sale and application of high-PAH sealants; establishing the Safer Sealant Fund; imposing duties on the Department of Environmental Protection; authorizing certain municipal ordinances; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In the State System of Higher Education, further providing for Board of Governors.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in the State System of Higher Education, further providing for Board of Governors.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, providing for water bottle filling stations.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, providing for water bottle filling stations.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for title of act; in purpose, short title and definitions, further providing for definitions and construction; in organization of the board, further providing for appointment and terms of members and quorum; in licenses of milk dealers, further providing for grounds for refusal, suspension or revocation; in moneys and expenses of board, further providing for expenses and for payment; and, in saving provisions, repealing provisions relating to Joint Study Committee.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 28, 1937 (P.L.417, No.105), known as the Milk Marketing Law, further providing for title of act; in purpose, short title and definitions, further providing for definitions and construction; in organization of the board, further providing for appointment and terms of members and quorum; in licenses of milk dealers, further providing for grounds for refusal, suspension or revocation; in moneys and expenses of board, further providing for expenses and for payment; and, in saving provisions, repealing provisions relating to Joint Study Committee.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 11, 1998 (P.L.58, No.15), known as the Combustible and Flammable Liquids Act, further providing for regulations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In rules of construction, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 1 (General Provisions) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of construction, further providing for definitions.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, further providing for community recreation and heritage conservation.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 28, 1995 (P.L.89, No.18), known as the Conservation and Natural Resources Act, in Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, further providing for community recreation and heritage conservation.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for determination of eligibility.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for determination of eligibility.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for consumer data privacy, for duties of controllers and for duties of processors; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act providing for consumer data privacy, for duties of controllers and for duties of processors; and imposing penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In land banks, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 68 (Real and Personal Property) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in land banks, further providing for definitions.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in tobacco product manufacturers directory, further providing for directory, for certification, for required information, for agent for service of process and for records and reporting and providing for nonparticipating manufacturer and importer joint and several liability and for surety bond requirements; and imposing duties on the Office of Attorney General.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 30, 2003 (P.L.441, No.64), known as the Tobacco Product Manufacturer Directory Act, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in tobacco product manufacturers directory, further providing for directory, for certification, for required information, for agent for service of process and for records and reporting and providing for nonparticipating manufacturer and importer joint and several liability and for surety bond requirements; and imposing duties on the Office of Attorney General.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In protection from abuse, further providing for relief, for emergency relief by minor judiciary and for arrest for violation of order.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in protection from abuse, further providing for relief, for emergency relief by minor judiciary and for arrest for violation of order.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Municipal Grant Assistance Program and the Municipal Grant Assistance Program Fund; and imposing duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act establishing the Municipal Grant Assistance Program and the Municipal Grant Assistance Program Fund; and imposing duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, providing for payments for spousal personal care services.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, providing for payments for spousal personal care services.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income and for special tax provisions for poverty and providing for alternative special tax provisions for poverty; in corporate net income tax, further providing for definitions, for imposition of tax, for reports and payment of tax, for consolidated reports and for manufacturing innovation and reinvestment deduction; in realty transfer tax, further providing for transfer of tax; in tax credit and tax benefit administration, further providing for definitions; in entertainment production tax credit, further providing for definitions, for credit for qualified film production expenses, for carryover, carryback and assignment of credit and for limitations; in Pennsylvania Economic Development for a Growing Economy (PA EDGE) tax credits, providing for biotechnology; in neighborhood assistance tax credit, further providing for tax credit and for grant of tax credit; providing for expanded neighborhood improvement zones; in Pennsylvania Child and Dependent Care Enhancement Tax Credit Program, further providing for credit for child and dependent care employment-related expenses; providing for Public Transportation Trust Fund; and, in general provisions, further providing for underpayment of estimated tax, for method of filing and for allocation of tax credits.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), know as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income and for special tax provisions for poverty and providing for alternative special tax provisions for poverty; in corporate net income tax, further providing for definitions, for imposition of tax, for reports and payment of tax, for consolidated reports and for manufacturing innovation and reinvestment deduction; in realty transfer tax, further providing for transfer of tax; in tax credit and tax benefit administration, further providing for definitions; in entertainment production tax credit, further providing for definitions, for credit for qualified film production expenses, for carryover, carryback and assignment of credit and for limitations; in Pennsylvania Economic Development for a Growing Economy (PA EDGE) tax credits, providing for biotechnology; in neighborhood assistance tax credit, further providing for tax credit and for grant of tax credit; providing for expanded neighborhood improvement zones; in Pennsylvania Child and Dependent Care Enhancement Tax Credit Program, further providing for credit for child and dependent care employment-related expenses; providing for Public Transportation Trust Fund; and, in general provisions, further providing for underpayment of estimated tax, for method of filing and for allocation of tax credits.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, further providing for State Planning Board.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, further providing for State Planning Board.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of elected officials, further providing for surcharge by auditors; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for borough manager created by ordinance and election, for powers and duties, for other offices not incompatible and for organization of commission; and, in taxation and finance, further providing for preparation of budget.. Description: An Act amending Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties of elected officials, further providing for surcharge by auditors; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for borough manager created by ordinance and election, for powers and duties, for other offices not incompatible and for organization of commission; and, in taxation and finance, further providing for preparation of budget.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In city administrator, further providing for appointment of city administrator, for employment agreement, for residency and elective city office and for powers and duties; and, in accounts and finances, further providing for powers and duties of chief fiscal officer.. Description: An Act amending Title 11 (Cities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in city administrator, further providing for appointment of city administrator, for employment agreement, for residency and elective city office and for powers and duties; and, in accounts and finances, further providing for powers and duties of chief fiscal officer.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for crematory regulation.. Description: An Act providing for crematory regulation.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for Pennsylvania Individual Recruitment and Retention Tax Credit.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, providing for Pennsylvania Individual Recruitment and Retention Tax Credit.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for calculation of average daily membership for a dual credit course.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for calculation of average daily membership for a dual credit course.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income; and, in Pennsylvania Child and Dependent Care Enhancement Tax Credit Program, further providing for credit for child and dependent care employment-related expenses.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income; and, in Pennsylvania Child and Dependent Care Enhancement Tax Credit Program, further providing for credit for child and dependent care employment-related expenses.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In wiretapping and electronic surveillance, further providing for definitions and for exceptions to prohibition of interception and disclosure of communications, providing for public access and for Department of Corrections retention policy and further providing for expiration of chapter.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in wiretapping and electronic surveillance, further providing for definitions and for exceptions to prohibition of interception and disclosure of communications, providing for public access and for Department of Corrections retention policy and further providing for expiration of chapter.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In tuition account program, further providing for declaration of policy, for definitions, for Tuition Account Programs Bureau, for powers of department, for Tuition Account Guaranteed Savings Program, for Tuition Account Investment Program, for general provisions governing both tuition account programs and for Federal taxation; establishing the Keystone Scholars Grant Program and the Keystone Scholars Grant Program Account; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 3, 1992 (P.L.28, No.11), known as the Tuition Account Programs and College Savings Bond Act, in tuition account program, further providing for declaration of policy, for definitions, for Tuition Account Programs Bureau, for powers of department, for Tuition Account Guaranteed Savings Program, for Tuition Account Investment Program, for general provisions governing both tuition account programs and for Federal taxation; establishing the Keystone Scholars Grant Program and the Keystone Scholars Grant Program Account; and making a repeal.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, providing for alternative special tax provisions for poverty.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, providing for alternative special tax provisions for poverty.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In administrative organization, further providing for Pennsylvania State Police.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in administrative organization, further providing for Pennsylvania State Police.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, further providing for additional parking regulations.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, further providing for additional parking regulations.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, further providing for automated enforcement of failure to stop for school bus with flashing red lights, for automated speed enforcement systems in active work zones and for pilot program for automated speed enforcement system on designated highway and providing for automated speed enforcement study and for pilot program for automated speed enforcement systems in designated school zones; and imposing a penalty.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, further providing for automated enforcement of failure to stop for school bus with flashing red lights, for automated speed enforcement systems in active work zones and for pilot program for automated speed enforcement system on designated highway and providing for automated speed enforcement study and for pilot program for automated speed enforcement systems in designated school zones; and imposing a penalty.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In residential real property, providing for repudiation of discriminatory real estate covenants.. Description: An Act amending Title 68 (Real and Personal Property) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in residential real property, providing for repudiation of discriminatory real estate covenants.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licensing of drivers, further providing for issuance and content of driver's license.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in licensing of drivers, further providing for issuance and content of driver's license.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In safe schools, further providing for policy relating to bullying.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in safe schools, further providing for policy relating to bullying.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties, further providing for hearing examiners.. Description: An Act amending Title 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties, further providing for hearing examiners.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In other officers and officials, providing for law enforcement practices and policy; conferring powers and imposing duties on the Attorney General.. Description: An Act amending Title 44 (Law and Justice) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in other officers and officials, providing for law enforcement practices and policy; conferring powers and imposing duties on the Attorney General.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In emergency COVID-19 response, providing for. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in emergency COVID-19 response, providing for
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for behavioral health crisis intervention; and establishing the 988 Fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, providing for behavioral health crisis intervention; and establishing the 988 Fund.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In realty transfer tax, further providing for transfer of tax.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in realty transfer tax, further providing for transfer of tax.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, providing for public job posting database, for instructional vacancy data and for data transparency; and establishing the Educator Pipeline Support Grant Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, providing for public job posting database, for instructional vacancy data and for data transparency; and establishing the Educator Pipeline Support Grant Program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for manufacturing, for materials and for enforcement; and providing for labeling and for report.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 25, 1961 (P.L.857, No.372), referred to as the Stuffed Toy Manufacturing Act, further providing for definitions, for manufacturing, for materials and for enforcement; and providing for labeling and for report.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In miscellaneous provisions relating to operation of vehicles, further providing for the offense of off-road vehicles in urban municipalities.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in miscellaneous provisions relating to operation of vehicles, further providing for the offense of off-road vehicles in urban municipalities.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for medical assistance payments for institutional care and providing for emergency transportation services and for case-mix rates for nursing facilities; in Statewide quality care assessment, further providing for definitions, for implementation, for administration, for restricted account and for expiration; continuing the Pennsylvania Rural Health Redesign Center Authority and the Pennsylvania Rural Health Redesign Center Fund; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for medical assistance payments for institutional care and providing for emergency transportation services and for case-mix rates for nursing facilities; in Statewide quality care assessment, further providing for definitions, for implementation, for administration, for restricted account and for expiration; continuing the Pennsylvania Rural Health Redesign Center Authority and the Pennsylvania Rural Health Redesign Center Fund; and making a repeal.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for penalties.. Description: An Act amending the the act of October 24, 2012 (P.L.1209, No.151), known as the Child Labor Act, further providing for penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 27, 1955 (P.L.744, No.222), known as the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In school health services, providing for student mental health awareness.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school health services, providing for student mental health awareness.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for online access control measures.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 17, 1968 (P.L.1224, No.387), known as the Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, providing for online access control measures.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In membership, contributions and benefits, providing for supplemental annuity commencing 2025; in municipal pensions, providing for 2025 special ad hoc municipal police and firefighter postretirement adjustment; and, in benefits, providing for supplemental annuity commencing 2025.. Description: An Act amending Titles 24 (Education), 53 (Municipalities Generally) and 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in membership, contributions and benefits, providing for supplemental annuity commencing 2025; in municipal pensions, providing for 2025 special ad hoc municipal police and firefighter postretirement adjustment; and, in benefits, providing for supplemental annuity commencing 2025.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In employees, providing for visible badges required.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in employees, providing for visible badges required.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 22, 2000 (P.L.394, No.54), known as the Tobacco Settlement Agreement Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In foreign associations, further providing for termination of registration.. Description: An Act amending Title 15 (Corporations and Unincorporated Associations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in foreign associations, further providing for termination of registration.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; and, in construction and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for definitions, for school construction and renovation approval process, for high-performance building standards, for maintenance program, for building condition assessments, for project reimbursement and for applicability.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; and, in construction and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for definitions, for school construction and renovation approval process, for high-performance building standards, for maintenance program, for building condition assessments, for project reimbursement and for applicability.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission, further providing for power to set fees; and, in fishing licenses, further providing for license, permit and issuing agent fees.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission, further providing for power to set fees; and, in fishing licenses, further providing for license, permit and issuing agent fees.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In membership, contributions and benefits, providing for supplemental annuity commencing 2023; and, in benefits, providing for supplemental annuity commencing 2023.. Description: An Act amending Titles 24 (Education) and 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in membership, contributions and benefits, providing for supplemental annuity commencing 2023; and, in benefits, providing for supplemental annuity commencing 2023.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for reimbursement for certain medical assistance items and services; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for reimbursement for certain medical assistance items and services; and abrogating regulations.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, providing for advertising and sponsorships; in charter schools, further providing for definitions and for funding for charter schools, providing for funding for cyber charter schools, for cyber charter school requirements, for powers and composition of board of trustees and for educational management service providers, further providing for powers and duties of department and for assessment and evaluation, providing for annual reports and public reporting and for fund balance limits, further providing for cyber charter school requirements and prohibitions and for school district and intermediate unit responsibilities, providing for access to other schools' facilities, further providing for establishment of cyber charter school, providing for renewals, for charter amendments and for causes for nonrenewal, revocation or termination, further providing for State Charter School Appeal Board review, for cyber charter school application and for enrollment and notification, providing for enrollment parameters and for enrollee wellness checks and further providing for applicability of other provisions of this act and of other acts and regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, providing for advertising and sponsorships; in charter schools, further providing for definitions and for funding for charter schools, providing for funding for cyber charter schools, for cyber charter school requirements, for powers and composition of board of trustees and for educational management service providers, further providing for powers and duties of department and for assessment and evaluation, providing for annual reports and public reporting and for fund balance limits, further providing for cyber charter school requirements and prohibitions and for school district and intermediate unit responsibilities, providing for access to other schools' facilities, further providing for establishment of cyber charter school, providing for renewals, for charter amendments and for causes for nonrenewal, revocation or termination, further providing for State Charter School Appeal Board review, for cyber charter school application and for enrollment and notification, providing for enrollment parameters and for enrollee wellness checks and further providing for applicability of other provisions of this act and of other acts and regulations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for plan for maternal home visiting programs; and conferring powers and imposing duties on the Department of Human Services.. Description: An Act providing for plan for maternal home visiting programs; and conferring powers and imposing duties on the Department of Human Services.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the Dual Credit Innovation and Equity Grant Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, providing for the Dual Credit Innovation and Equity Grant Program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for tenants' rights in cases of violence.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 6, 1951 (P.L.69, No.20), known as The Landlord and Tenant Act of 1951, providing for tenants' rights in cases of violence.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Statewide Advisory Council on Playground Safety; and providing for duties of the Statewide Advisory Council on Playground Safety.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing the Statewide Advisory Council on Playground Safety; and providing for duties of the Statewide Advisory Council on Playground Safety.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In compensation, providing for eligibility related to domestic violence.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 5, 1936 (2nd Sp.Sess., 1937 P.L.2897, No.1), known as the Unemployment Compensation Law, in compensation, providing for eligibility related to domestic violence.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for conflict resolution instruction.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for conflict resolution instruction.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In source selection and contract formation, providing for additional qualifications for public work projects; imposing duties on the Office of State Inspector General; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 62 (Procurement) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in source selection and contract formation, providing for additional qualifications for public work projects; imposing duties on the Office of State Inspector General; and imposing penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In decorations, medals, badges and awards, further providing for authorized decorations, medals, badges and awards.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in decorations, medals, badges and awards, further providing for authorized decorations, medals, badges and awards.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In special licenses and permits, further providing for definitions, for exotic wildlife possession permits, for menagerie permits and for exclusions.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in special licenses and permits, further providing for definitions, for exotic wildlife possession permits, for menagerie permits and for exclusions.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Adding appropriations to the Executive Offices, the Department of Education and the Department of Human Services and further providing for Supreme Court.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 3, 2023 (P.L. , No.1A), known as the General Appropriation Act of 2023, adding appropriations to the Executive Offices, the Department of Education and the Department of Human Services and further providing for Supreme Court.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for funding for State-related universities for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, and ending June 30, 2024, for costs basis, for frequency of payments and for recordkeeping requirements; imposing a duty on the Auditor General; providing for financial statements, for the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund and for restrictions; and making appropriations.. Description: An Act providing for funding for State-related universities for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, and ending June 30, 2024, for costs basis, for frequency of payments and for recordkeeping requirements; imposing a duty on the Auditor General; providing for financial statements, for the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund and for restrictions; and making appropriations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in Commonwealth services, further providing for definitions relating to intrastate mutual aid; and, in emergency responder mental wellness and stress management, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in Commonwealth services, further providing for definitions relating to intrastate mutual aid; and, in emergency responder mental wellness and stress management, further providing for definitions.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for minimum wage standards in underground infrastructure work, for application of Prevailing Wage Act, for enforcement, for penalties and appeals and for protection from retaliation; and creating a private right of action.. Description: An Act providing for minimum wage standards in underground infrastructure work, for application of Prevailing Wage Act, for enforcement, for penalties and appeals and for protection from retaliation; and creating a private right of action.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In particular rights and immunities, providing for a cause of action on protected public expression and for immunity for protected public expression; and imposing a duty upon the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts and the Legislative Reference Bureau.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in particular rights and immunities, providing for a cause of action on protected public expression and for immunity for protected public expression; and imposing a duty upon the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts and the Legislative Reference Bureau.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons and for late contributions and independent expenditures.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons and for late contributions and independent expenditures.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Property Assessed Clean Energy Program, further providing for purpose, for definitions and for scope of work and providing for Made in America requirements.. Description: An Act amending Title 12 (Commerce and Trade) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Property Assessed Clean Energy Program, further providing for purpose, for definitions and for scope of work and providing for Made in America requirements.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for reporting requirements for qualifying crypto-asset mining operations and for an impact study; and imposing duties on the Department of Environmental Protection.. Description: An Act providing for reporting requirements for qualifying crypto-asset mining operations and for an impact study; and imposing duties on the Department of Environmental Protection.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, providing for certain transmittals and submissions to governmental bodies.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 31, 1968 (P.L.805, No.247), known as the Pennsylvania Municipalities Planning Code, in general provisions, providing for certain transmittals and submissions to governmental bodies.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In school health services, further providing for dental examinations and dental hygiene services.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school health services, further providing for dental examinations and dental hygiene services.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In boards and offices, providing for Office of Information Technology.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in boards and offices, providing for Office of Information Technology.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In compensation, further providing for ineligibility for compensation.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 5, 1936 (2nd Sp.Sess., 1937 P.L.2897, No.1), known as the Unemployment Compensation Law, in compensation, further providing for ineligibility for compensation.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for regulation of the practice of acupuncture, for penalties and for approval of acupuncture educational programs.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 14, 1986 (P.L.2, No.2), known as the Acupuncture Licensure Act, further providing for definitions, for regulation of the practice of acupuncture, for penalties and for approval of acupuncture educational programs.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for minimum wages and for exemptions.. Description: An Act amending the act of January 17, 1968 (P.L.11, No.5), known as The Minimum Wage Act of 1968, further providing for definitions, for minimum wages and for exemptions.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, providing for minimum number of days or hours.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, providing for minimum number of days or hours.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and Title. Description: An Act amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and Title
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for telemedicine.. Description: An Act amending Title 40 (Insurance) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for telemedicine.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Nonnarcotic Medication-assisted Substance Abuse Treatment Grant Pilot Program, further providing for definitions, repealing provisions relating to establishment of pilot program, providing for establishment and further providing for county participation requirements, for use of grant funding, for powers and duties of department, for prior authorization, for report to General Assembly and for construction; imposing duties on the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Nonnarcotic Medication-assisted Substance Abuse Treatment Grant Pilot Program, further providing for definitions, repealing provisions relating to establishment of pilot program, providing for establishment and further providing for county participation requirements, for use of grant funding, for powers and duties of department, for prior authorization, for report to General Assembly and for construction; imposing duties on the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency; and making an editorial change.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands and improvements situate in the 47th Ward of the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County, to New Freedom Theatre, Inc.; authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain land owned by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission in Overfield Township, Wyoming County; authorizing the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the City of Philadelphia a right-of-way easement situate in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County, in exchange for improvements to Benjamin Rush State Park and monetary consideration to the Commonwealth to be used toward the acquisition and conveyance of a tract of land to be added to French Creek State Park; authorizing the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of portions of State park lands in exchange for certain lands situate in New Vernon Township, Mercer County, from the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources to the Department of Transportation for anticipated highway improvement projects; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Agriculture and the Governor, to grant and convey to Joshua R. Snyder a certain tract of land located in Windsor Township, Berks County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands and improvements situate in Haverford Township, Delaware County, to Carelink Community Support Services of PA, Inc.; and authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources and the Governor, to grant and convey to The Roland Curtin Foundation for the Preservation of Eagle Furnace, certain lands, buildings and improvements, situate in Boggs Township, Centre County, and further authorizing the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission to transfer to The Roland Curtin Foundation for the Preservation of Eagle Furnace its buildings located on adjacent property leased from the United States Department of the Army.. Description: An Act authorizing the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands and improvements situate in the 47th Ward of the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County, to New Freedom Theatre, Inc.; authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain land owned by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission in Overfield Township, Wyoming County; authorizing the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the City of Philadelphia a right-of-way easement situate in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County, in exchange for improvements to Benjamin Rush State Park and monetary consideration to the Commonwealth to be used toward the acquisition and conveyance of a tract of land to be added to French Creek State Park; authorizing the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of portions of State park lands in exchange for certain lands situate in New Vernon Township, Mercer County, from the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources to the Department of Transportation for anticipated highway improvement projects; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Agriculture and the Governor, to grant and convey to Joshua R. Snyder a certain tract of land located in Windsor Township, Berks County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands and improvements situate in Haverford Township, Delaware County, to Carelink Community Support Services of PA, Inc.; and authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources and the Governor, to grant and convey to The Roland Curtin Foundation for the Preservation of Eagle Furnace, certain lands, buildings and improvements, situate in Boggs Township, Centre County, and further authorizing the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission to transfer to The Roland Curtin Foundation for the Preservation of Eagle Furnace its buildings located on adjacent property leased from the United States Department of the Army.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Wildlife Rehabilitation Grant Program and the Wildlife Rehabilitation Grant Fund; and imposing duties on the Pennsylvania Game Commission.. Description: An Act establishing the Wildlife Rehabilitation Grant Program and the Wildlife Rehabilitation Grant Fund; and imposing duties on the Pennsylvania Game Commission.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In intermediate units, further providing for powers and duties of the intermediate unit board of directors, for capital subsidy and for school safety and security enhancements; and, in school safety and security, further providing for Targeted School Safety Grants for Nonpublic Schools and School Entities Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in intermediate units, further providing for powers and duties of the intermediate unit board of directors, for capital subsidy and for school safety and security enhancements; and, in school safety and security, further providing for Targeted School Safety Grants for Nonpublic Schools and School Entities Program.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for personal needs allowance deduction for medical assistance-eligible persons in nursing facilities.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for personal needs allowance deduction for medical assistance-eligible persons in nursing facilities.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Public Safety Resident Communications Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 22, 1978 (P.L.1166, No.274), referred to as the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency Law, establishing the Public Safety Resident Communications Program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, further providing for Commission for Agricultural Education Excellence.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, further providing for Commission for Agricultural Education Excellence.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing obsolete provisions of law relating to crossing bridge with horse faster than a walk, driving cattle faster than a walk, carrying fire over a bridge and a supplement to an act relating to roads, highways and bridges.. Description: An Act repealing obsolete provisions of law relating to crossing bridge with horse faster than a walk, driving cattle faster than a walk, carrying fire over a bridge and a supplement to an act relating to roads, highways and bridges.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In tenement buildings and multiple dwelling premises, further providing for landlord's duties; and providing for tenant relocation.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 6, 1951 (P.L.69, No.20), known as The Landlord and Tenant Act of 1951, in tenement buildings and multiple dwelling premises, further providing for landlord's duties; and providing for tenant relocation.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In duties and powers of boards of school directors, providing for suicide prevention hotline telephone number on student identification card; and, in school safety and security, further providing for school safety and security coordinator.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in duties and powers of boards of school directors, providing for suicide prevention hotline telephone number on student identification card; and, in school safety and security, further providing for school safety and security coordinator.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In State-related institutions, further providing for reporting, for contents of report and for copies and posting and providing for contracts.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 14, 2008 (P.L.6, No.3), known as the Right-to-Know Law, in State-related institutions, further providing for reporting, for contents of report and for copies and posting and providing for contracts.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for license required, for State Board of Social Workers, Marriage and Family Therapists and Professional Counselors, for powers and functions of board, for qualifications for license, for procedures for licensing, for reciprocity, for endorsement of out-of-State licenses and for reinstatement of license; providing for restrictions on use of title "Licensed Associate Marriage and Family Therapist" and for restrictions on the use of title "Licensed Associate Professional Counselor"; further providing for license renewal and records and fees and for unlawful practice; and providing for effect of associate licensure.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 9, 1987 (P.L.220, No.39), known as the Social Workers, Marriage and Family Therapists and Professional Counselors Act, further providing for definitions, for license required, for State Board of Social Workers, Marriage and Family Therapists and Professional Counselors, for powers and functions of board, for qualifications for license, for procedures for licensing, for reciprocity, for endorsement of out-of-State licenses and for reinstatement of license; providing for restrictions on use of title "Licensed Associate Marriage and Family Therapist" and for restrictions on the use of title "Licensed Associate Professional Counselor"; further providing for license renewal and records and fees and for unlawful practice; and providing for effect of associate licensure.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for compliance requirement.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 2000 (P.L.724, No.99), known as the Municipal Code and Ordinance Compliance Act, further providing for definitions and for compliance requirement.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the redevelopment of historic and older buildings; and establishing the Historic and Older Building Redevelopment Assistance Grant Program and the Historic and Older Building Redevelopment Fund.. Description: An Act providing for the redevelopment of historic and older buildings; and establishing the Historic and Older Building Redevelopment Assistance Grant Program and the Historic and Older Building Redevelopment Fund.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In natural gas competition, further providing for requirements for natural gas suppliers; and, in restructuring of electric utility industry, further providing for requirements for electric generation suppliers.. Description: An Act amending Title 66 (Public Utilities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in natural gas competition, further providing for requirements for natural gas suppliers; and, in restructuring of electric utility industry, further providing for requirements for electric generation suppliers.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In jurisdiction and maintenance of department, further providing for general scope of supervision and exercise of discretion.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 15, 1933 (P.L.565, No.111), known as the Department of Banking and Securities Code, in jurisdiction and maintenance of department, further providing for general scope of supervision and exercise of discretion.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for teledentistry; authorizing the regulation of teledentistry by the board; and providing for insurance coverage of teledentistry.. Description: An Act providing for teledentistry; authorizing the regulation of teledentistry by the board; and providing for insurance coverage of teledentistry.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for title of the act; in general provisions, further providing for legislative findings for early intervention, for definitions, for State interagency agreement, for other duties of State agencies and for council; in Statewide system for provision of early intervention services, further providing for requirements, for program regulations and standards, for administration by Department of Public Welfare, for administration by Department of Education and for child identification, assessment and tracking system; in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for effective date; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 19, 1990 (P.L.1372, No.212), known as the Early Intervention Services System Act, further providing for title of the act; in general provisions, further providing for legislative findings for early intervention, for definitions, for State interagency agreement, for other duties of State agencies and for council; in Statewide system for provision of early intervention services, further providing for requirements, for program regulations and standards, for administration by Department of Public Welfare, for administration by Department of Education and for child identification, assessment and tracking system; in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for effective date; and making editorial changes.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for unlawful acts or practices and exclusions; and providing for child sexual abuse material generated by artificial intelligence.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 17, 1968 (P.L.1224, No.387), known as the Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, further providing for definitions and for unlawful acts or practices and exclusions; and providing for child sexual abuse material generated by artificial intelligence.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Identification Upon Reentry Program.. Description: An Act amending Title 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing the Identification Upon Reentry Program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In public assistance, providing for medical assistance coverage for doula services; and, in fraud and abuse control, further providing for third. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, providing for medical assistance coverage for doula services; and, in fraud and abuse control, further providing for third
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for minimum energy and water efficiency standards for certain products sold in this Commonwealth; imposing penalties; and making repeals.. Description: An Act providing for minimum energy and water efficiency standards for certain products sold in this Commonwealth; imposing penalties; and making repeals.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In facilities and supplies, further providing for surcharge.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in facilities and supplies, further providing for surcharge.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties, providing for double utility poles.. Description: An Act amending Title 66 (Public Utilities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties, providing for double utility poles.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, establishing the PA VETConnect Program; providing for veterans' benefits and services workplace posting; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, establishing the PA VETConnect Program; providing for veterans' benefits and services workplace posting; and making an editorial change.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In interpretation and definitions, further providing for definitions; and, in liability and compensation, providing for compensation for post-traumatic stress injury.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 2, 1915 (P.L.736, No.338), known as the Workers' Compensation Act, in interpretation and definitions, further providing for definitions; and, in liability and compensation, providing for compensation for post-traumatic stress injury.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the enforcement of certain noncompete covenants entered into by health care practitioners and employers and providing for a study by the Health Care Cost Containment. Description: An Act prohibiting the enforcement of certain noncompete covenants entered into by health care practitioners and employers and providing for a study by the Health Care Cost Containment
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In dates of elections and primaries and special elections, further providing for general primary and candidates to be nominated and party officers to be elected.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in dates of elections and primaries and special elections, further providing for general primary and candidates to be nominated and party officers to be elected.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sale of property, providing for older adults and delinquent real estate tax notification to designated individual; and imposing duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 7, 1947 (P.L.1368, No.542), known as the Real Estate Tax Sale Law, in sale of property, providing for older adults and delinquent real estate tax notification to designated individual; and imposing duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting speculative ticketing acts or practices.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 17, 1968 (P.L.1224, No.387), known as the Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, prohibiting speculative ticketing acts or practices.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for schedules of controlled substances; and providing for secure storage of xylazine.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 14, 1972 (P.L.233, No.64), known as The Controlled Substance, Drug, Device and Cosmetic Act, further providing for schedules of controlled substances; and providing for secure storage of xylazine.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for payment choice and for electronic notice of insurance practices; and imposing. Description: An Act amending Title 40 (Insurance) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for payment choice and for electronic notice of insurance practices; and imposing
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for comprehensive school counseling services.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, providing for comprehensive school counseling services.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general administration, providing for earned vocational training and education credit; in Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for parole power and for short sentence parole; and, in powers and duties, further providing for consideration of criminal convictions.. Description: An Act amending Titles 61 (Prisons and Parole) and 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general administration, providing for earned vocational training and education credit; in Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for parole power and for short sentence parole; and, in powers and duties, further providing for consideration of criminal convictions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In certification of teachers, repealing provisions relating to CPR instruction; and, in school health services, repealing provisions relating to automatic external defibrillators and providing for AED and CPR instruction and procedure, for Automated External Defibrillator Program and for availability and specifications of automated external defibrillators.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in certification of teachers, repealing provisions relating to CPR instruction; and, in school health services, repealing provisions relating to automatic external defibrillators and providing for AED and CPR instruction and procedure, for Automated External Defibrillator Program and for availability and specifications of automated external defibrillators.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for endangerment of public safety official.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for endangerment of public safety official.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Office of State Inspector General, further providing for definitions and for powers, purpose and duties.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Office of State Inspector General, further providing for definitions and for powers, purpose and duties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In entities generally, further providing for requirements for names generally and providing for registration of name of domestic nonfiling association; in entity transactions, further providing for nature of transactions and for approval by limited liability company; in foreign associations, further providing for foreign registration statement; in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in corporate powers, duties and safeguards, further providing for certain specifically authorized debt terms; in officers, directors and shareholders, further providing for derivative action; in foreign business corporations, further providing for application of article; in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in corporate powers, duties and safeguards, further providing for certain specifically authorized debt terms; in officers, directors and members, further providing for derivative action; in general partnerships, further providing for contents of partnership agreement; in limited partnerships, further providing for contents of partnership agreement and for derivative action; and, in limited liability companies, further providing for contents of operating agreement and for derivative action.. Description: An Act amending Title 15 (Corporations and Unincorporated Associations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in entities generally, further providing for requirements for names generally and providing for registration of name of domestic nonfiling association; in entity transactions, further providing for nature of transactions and for approval by limited liability company; in foreign associations, further providing for foreign registration statement; in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in corporate powers, duties and safeguards, further providing for certain specifically authorized debt terms; in officers, directors and shareholders, further providing for derivative action; in foreign business corporations, further providing for application of article; in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in corporate powers, duties and safeguards, further providing for certain specifically authorized debt terms; in officers, directors and members, further providing for derivative action; in general partnerships, further providing for contents of partnership agreement; in limited partnerships, further providing for contents of partnership agreement and for derivative action; and, in limited liability companies, further providing for contents of operating agreement and for derivative action.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In application of the act and penalties, further providing for exclusions.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 19, 1980 (P.L.15, No.9), known as the Real Estate Licensing and Registration Act, in application of the act and penalties, further providing for exclusions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In school directors, further providing for school director training programs.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school directors, further providing for school director training programs.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income; and providing for 529 savings account employer matching contribution tax credit and tuition account programs.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income; and providing for 529 savings account employer matching contribution tax credit and tuition account programs.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, further providing for special motorcycle plates related to veterans, for special plates for veterans, for special plates for recipients of Soldier's Medal, for special plates for recipients of Presidential Service Badge, for special plates for recipients of Legion of Merit and for special plates for veterans of an ally foreign country.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, further providing for special motorcycle plates related to veterans, for special plates for veterans, for special plates for recipients of Soldier's Medal, for special plates for recipients of Presidential Service Badge, for special plates for recipients of Legion of Merit and for special plates for veterans of an ally foreign country.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the registration of labor brokers; imposing duties on the Department of Labor and Industry and the Secretary of Labor and Industry; establishing the Labor Broker Registration Account; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act providing for the registration of labor brokers; imposing duties on the Department of Labor and Industry and the Secretary of Labor and Industry; establishing the Labor Broker Registration Account; and imposing penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for improper classification of employees and for criminal penalties; providing for private right of action; further providing for administrative penalties, for retaliation for action prohibited, for availability of information, for use of penalty funds and for funding; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 13, 2010 (P.L.506, No.72), known as the Construction Workplace Misclassification Act, further providing for definitions, for improper classification of employees and for criminal penalties; providing for private right of action; further providing for administrative penalties, for retaliation for action prohibited, for availability of information, for use of penalty funds and for funding; and imposing penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the annual designation and holiday observance of the first day of the Islamic lunar month of Shawwal as Eid al-Fitr Day in this Commonwealth.. Description: An Act providing for the annual designation and holiday observance of the first day of the Islamic lunar month of Shawwal as Eid al-Fitr Day in this Commonwealth.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In casualty insurance, providing for coverage for biomarker testing.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in casualty insurance, providing for coverage for biomarker testing.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In intestate succession, further providing for forfeiture; in wills, further providing for modification by circumstances; in slayers, further providing for definition of terms, providing for elder abuser not to acquire property, further providing for descent, distribution, dower, curtesy, and statutory rights as survivor, for legacies, for tenancies by the entirety, for joint tenants, joint owners and joint obligees, for reversions and vested remainders, for interests dependent on survivorship or continuance of life, for contingent remainders and executory or other future interests, for powers of appointment, for proceeds of insurance, for bona fide payment by insurance company or obligor, for bona fide purchasers, for record of conviction as evidence and for preadjudication rule and providing for intent to transfer notwithstanding elder abuse; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in intestate succession, further providing for forfeiture; in wills, further providing for modification by circumstances; in slayers, further providing for definition of terms, providing for elder abuser not to acquire property, further providing for descent, distribution, dower, curtesy, and statutory rights as survivor, for legacies, for tenancies by the entirety, for joint tenants, joint owners and joint obligees, for reversions and vested remainders, for interests dependent on survivorship or continuance of life, for contingent remainders and executory or other future interests, for powers of appointment, for proceeds of insurance, for bona fide payment by insurance company or obligor, for bona fide purchasers, for record of conviction as evidence and for preadjudication rule and providing for intent to transfer notwithstanding elder abuse; and making an editorial change.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Consolidating the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code; and making repeals.. Description: An Act amending Title 16 (Counties) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, consolidating the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code; and making repeals.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board, further providing for biennial reports; and making an interfund transfer.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board, further providing for biennial reports; and making an interfund transfer.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Nonprofit Security Grant Fund, further providing for Nonprofit Security Grant Fund; and making an appropriation.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Nonprofit Security Grant Fund, further providing for Nonprofit Security Grant Fund; and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for purchase of agricultural conservation easements, for Agricultural Conservation Easement Purchase Fund and for Land Trust Reimbursement Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 30, 1981 (P.L.128, No.43), known as the Agricultural Area Security Law, further providing for purchase of agricultural conservation easements, for Agricultural Conservation Easement Purchase Fund and for Land Trust Reimbursement Program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for substance use overdose awareness, treatment and recovery support and for powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs; and establishing the Lifetime Recovery from Substance Use Grant Program.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for substance use overdose awareness, treatment and recovery support and for powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs; and establishing the Lifetime Recovery from Substance Use Grant Program.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In bases of jurisdiction and interstate and international procedure, further providing for assistance to tribunals and litigants outside this Commonwealth with respect to service and for issuance of subpoena; in commencement of proceedings, further providing for authority of officers of another state to arrest in this Commonwealth; and, in detainers and extradition, further providing for definitions, for duty of Governor with respect to fugitives from justice and for presigned waiver of extradition.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in bases of jurisdiction and interstate and international procedure, further providing for assistance to tribunals and litigants outside this Commonwealth with respect to service and for issuance of subpoena; in commencement of proceedings, further providing for authority of officers of another state to arrest in this Commonwealth; and, in detainers and extradition, further providing for definitions, for duty of Governor with respect to fugitives from justice and for presigned waiver of extradition.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for exemptions.. Description: An Act amending the act of September 26, 1951 (P.L.1539, No.389), known as The Clinical Laboratory Act, further providing for definitions and for exemptions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8345, on that portion of U.S. Route 22 over Howells Run in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Michael G. Tsikalas Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8344, carrying U.S. Route 22 over Pennsylvania Route 160, also known as New Germany Road, in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Charles J. Vizzini Memorial Bridge; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8345, on that portion of U.S. Route 22 over Howells Run in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Michael G. Tsikalas Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8344, carrying U.S. Route 22 over Pennsylvania Route 160, also known as New Germany Road, in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Charles J. Vizzini Memorial Bridge; and making a repeal.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing local taxing authorities to provide for tax exemptions for improvements and redevelopment of shopping malls; establishing the Economic Development and Mixed-Use Redevelopment Advisory Committee within the State Planning Board; and conferring powers and imposing duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act authorizing local taxing authorities to provide for tax exemptions for improvements and redevelopment of shopping malls; establishing the Economic Development and Mixed-Use Redevelopment Advisory Committee within the State Planning Board; and conferring powers and imposing duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for advertisement of sale.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 1982 (P.L.1404, No.325), known as the Self-Service Storage Facility Act, further providing for advertisement of sale.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for duties of board.. Description: An Act amending the act of January 14, 1952 (1951 P.L.1898, No.522), known as the Funeral Director Law, further providing for duties of board.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for practice without license prohibited, for eligibility requirements for examination, for limited licenses, for requirements of a school of cosmetology, for practice in licensed salons only, for booth rental prohibited, for fees, for applicability, for duration and renewal of licenses and for penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 3, 1933 (P.L.242, No.86), referred to as the Cosmetology Law, further providing for definitions, for practice without license prohibited, for eligibility requirements for examination, for limited licenses, for requirements of a school of cosmetology, for practice in licensed salons only, for booth rental prohibited, for fees, for applicability, for duration and renewal of licenses and for penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In transportation infrastructure, providing for design build best value.. Description: An Act amending Title 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in transportation infrastructure, providing for design build best value.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for Employment First Oversight Commission.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 19, 2018 (P.L.229, No.36), known as the Employment First Act, further providing for Employment First Oversight Commission.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In merit system employment, further providing for regulations.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in merit system employment, further providing for regulations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for community solar facilities; imposing duties on the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, electric distribution companies and subscriber organizations; and providing for prevailing wage and labor requirements.. Description: An Act providing for community solar facilities; imposing duties on the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, electric distribution companies and subscriber organizations; and providing for prevailing wage and labor requirements.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In depositions and witnesses, providing for sentencing considerations for child victim offenders.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in depositions and witnesses, providing for sentencing considerations for child victim offenders.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In auditors and accountants, further providing for appointment of accountant.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in auditors and accountants, further providing for appointment of accountant.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licensing of health care facilities, further providing for administration.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, in licensing of health care facilities, further providing for administration.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for payment choice; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 40 (Insurance) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for payment choice; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In food protection, further providing for definitions, providing for food allergy awareness and further providing for powers of department.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in food protection, further providing for definitions, providing for food allergy awareness and further providing for powers of department.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In certification of teachers, further providing for continuing professional development; providing for access to advanced courses for all students; establishing the Access to Advanced Courses for All Students Grant Program; and imposing duties on the Department of Education.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in certification of teachers, further providing for continuing professional development; providing for access to advanced courses for all students; establishing the Access to Advanced Courses for All Students Grant Program; and imposing duties on the Department of Education.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties, further providing for civil penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties, further providing for civil penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to corporation bureau and UCC fees, further providing for fee schedule; in incorporation, providing for exemption from certain fees; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 15 (Corporations and Unincorporated Associations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions relating to corporation bureau and UCC fees, further providing for fee schedule; in incorporation, providing for exemption from certain fees; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In weights and measures, further providing for meter required.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in weights and measures, further providing for meter required.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for test results and for duties of Department of Health.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 24, 2018 (P.L.719, No.112), known as the Patient Test Result Information Act, further providing for definitions, for test results and for duties of Department of Health.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for employer child care contribution tax credit.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, providing for employer child care contribution tax credit.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In support matters generally, further providing for assistance recipients to seek support, for cooperation required and for enforcement of cooperation requirements.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in support matters generally, further providing for assistance recipients to seek support, for cooperation required and for enforcement of cooperation requirements.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in records, further providing for fees for copies.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 29, 1953 (P.L.304, No.66), known as the Vital Statistics Law of 1953, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in records, further providing for fees for copies.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for unlawful acts or practices and exclusions.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 17, 1968 (P.L.1224, No.387), known as the Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, further providing for definitions and for unlawful acts or practices and exclusions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In school health services, further providing for seizure recognition and related first aid training.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school health services, further providing for seizure recognition and related first aid training.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for title of act; in preliminary provisions, further providing for short title, for scope of act and for definitions and providing for regulations; in pharmacy audits, further providing for limitations; in registration, further providing for PBM and auditing entity registration; providing for pharmacy benefits manager contracts; in PBM cost transparency requirements, providing for PBM transparency report required, repealing provisions relating to regulations and providing for PSAO reporting requirements; in enforcements, further providing for scope of enforcement authority; providing for pharmacy services; and making repeals.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 21, 2016 (P.L.1318, No.169), known as the Pharmacy Audit Integrity and Transparency Act, further providing for title of act; in preliminary provisions, further providing for short title, for scope of act and for definitions and providing for regulations; in pharmacy audits, further providing for limitations; in registration, further providing for PBM and auditing entity registration; providing for pharmacy benefits manager contracts; in PBM cost transparency requirements, providing for PBM transparency report required, repealing provisions relating to regulations and providing for PSAO reporting requirements; in enforcements, further providing for scope of enforcement authority; providing for pharmacy services; and making repeals.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for cause of action for antitrust conduct, for indirect purchaser recovery under State antitrust laws and for premerger notice of health care mergers and transactions; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 12 (Commerce and Trade) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for cause of action for antitrust conduct, for indirect purchaser recovery under State antitrust laws and for premerger notice of health care mergers and transactions; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for protection of minors on social media; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 50 (Mental Health) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for protection of minors on social media; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Keystone Telepresence Education Grant Program, further providing for Keystone Telepresence Education Grant Program; and, in disability inclusive curriculum, further providing for department responsibilities.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in Keystone Telepresence Education Grant Program, further providing for Keystone Telepresence Education Grant Program; and, in disability inclusive curriculum, further providing for department responsibilities.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Adding a route in Dauphin County and a route in York County.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 22, 1931 (P.L.594, No.203), referred to as the Township State Highway Law, adding a route in Dauphin County and a route in York County.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for financial institutions.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 6, 1987 (P.L.381, No.79), known as the Older Adults Protective Services Act, providing for financial institutions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for license application and for storage, handling and recordkeeping.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 14, 1992 (P.L.1116, No.145), known as the Wholesale Prescription Drug Distributors License Act, further providing for definitions, for license application and for storage, handling and recordkeeping.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for definitions and for classes of income.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for definitions and for classes of income.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In disposition of abandoned and unclaimed property, further providing for certificate of finder registration, for notice and publication of lists of property subject to custody and control of the Commonwealth under this article, for income accruing after payment or delivery, for deposit of funds, for determination of claims, for penalties and for interdepartmental cooperation and providing for annual report.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in disposition of abandoned and unclaimed property, further providing for certificate of finder registration, for notice and publication of lists of property subject to custody and control of the Commonwealth under this article, for income accruing after payment or delivery, for deposit of funds, for determination of claims, for penalties and for interdepartmental cooperation and providing for annual report.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In support of the indigent, further providing for relatives' liability and procedure; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in support of the indigent, further providing for relatives' liability and procedure; and making an editorial change.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In surplus lines, providing for surplus lines fees and further providing for monthly reports.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in surplus lines, providing for surplus lines fees and further providing for monthly reports.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, providing for coverage for blood pressure monitors.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, providing for coverage for blood pressure monitors.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for powers and duties of the commission; providing for policies and procedures; and establishing the Human Relations Training Fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 27, 1955 (P.L.744, No.222), known as the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act, further providing for powers and duties of the commission; providing for policies and procedures; and establishing the Human Relations Training Fund.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 27, 1955 (P.L.744, No.222), known as the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In hunting and furtaking, repealing provisions relating to hunting on Sunday prohibited, providing for temporary Sunday hunting authorized and for hunting and training on Sunday, repealing provisions relating to trespass on private property while hunting and to hunting on Sunday without written permission, providing for the offense of trespass on private land while hunting or furtaking and for the offense of hunting, trapping or taking game or wildlife without written permission and further providing for training dogs on small game; in special licenses and permits, further providing for field dog trials; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in hunting and furtaking, repealing provisions relating to hunting on Sunday prohibited, providing for temporary Sunday hunting authorized and for hunting and training on Sunday, repealing provisions relating to trespass on private property while hunting and to hunting on Sunday without written permission, providing for the offense of trespass on private land while hunting or furtaking and for the offense of hunting, trapping or taking game or wildlife without written permission and further providing for training dogs on small game; in special licenses and permits, further providing for field dog trials; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In enforcement, further providing for powers and duties of enforcement officers; and, in protection of property and persons, providing for mitigation of damage and for registry of responsible hunters.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in enforcement, further providing for powers and duties of enforcement officers; and, in protection of property and persons, providing for mitigation of damage and for registry of responsible hunters.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in Pennsylvania Game Commission, further providing for organization of commission, providing for prohibition and further providing for accountability.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in Pennsylvania Game Commission, further providing for organization of commission, providing for prohibition and further providing for accountability.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Requiring information relating to perinatal or postpartum mood and anxiety disorders and resources to be provided to pregnant patients; and providing for powers and duties of the Department of Health.. Description: An Act requiring information relating to perinatal or postpartum mood and anxiety disorders and resources to be provided to pregnant patients; and providing for powers and duties of the Department of Health.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Pennsylvania-Ireland Trade Commission and the Pennsylvania-Ireland Trade Commission Fund; imposing duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development; providing for the Entertainment Economic Enhancement Program;. Description: An Act amending Title 12 (Commerce and Trade) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing the Pennsylvania-Ireland Trade Commission and the Pennsylvania-Ireland Trade Commission Fund; imposing duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development; providing for the Entertainment Economic Enhancement Program;
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Maternal and Newborn Supply Kit Program; and imposing powers and duties on the Department of Health.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing the Maternal and Newborn Supply Kit Program; and imposing powers and duties on the Department of Health.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In casualty insurance, providing for coverage for blood pressure monitors.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in casualty insurance, providing for coverage for blood pressure monitors.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for hours of operation relative to manufacturers, importing distributors and distributors; and, in distilleries, wineries, bonded warehouses, bailees for hire and transporters for hire, further providing for limited distilleries and distilleries.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for hours of operation relative to manufacturers, importing distributors and distributors; and, in distilleries, wineries, bonded warehouses, bailees for hire and transporters for hire, further providing for limited distilleries and distilleries.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for specifications and for duty of secretary.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 15, 1961 (P.L.987, No.442), known as the Pennsylvania Prevailing Wage Act, further providing for definitions, for specifications and for duty of secretary.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In election of officers and vacancies in office, further providing for vacancies in general.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 24, 1931 (P.L.1206, No.331), known as The First Class Township Code, in election of officers and vacancies in office, further providing for vacancies in general.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In scenic highways, providing for designation of Allegheny River Boulevard as scenic byway.. Description: An Act amending Title 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in scenic highways, providing for designation of Allegheny River Boulevard as scenic byway.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for relocation.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 28, 1937 (P.L.955, No.265), referred to as the Housing Authorities Law, further providing for relocation.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In coroner, further providing for fees for reports.. Description: An Act amending Title 16 (Counties) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in coroner, further providing for fees for reports.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth Financing Authority, providing for Mixed-Use Revitalization Program; and establishing the Mixed-Use Revitalization Fund.. Description: An Act amending Title 64 (Public Authorities and Quasi-Public Corporations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth Financing Authority, providing for Mixed-Use Revitalization Program; and establishing the Mixed-Use Revitalization Fund.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Office of Child Advocate; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, establishing the Office of Child Advocate; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In inspection of vehicles, further providing for inspection of motorcycles; and, in liquid fuels and fuels tax, further providing for. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in inspection of vehicles, further providing for inspection of motorcycles; and, in liquid fuels and fuels tax, further providing for
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In pupils and attendance, further providing for Nonprofit School Food Program and providing for School Meal Debt Fund; and making appropriations.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in pupils and attendance, further providing for Nonprofit School Food Program and providing for School Meal Debt Fund; and making appropriations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In other required equipment, further providing for visual signals on authorized vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in other required equipment, further providing for visual signals on authorized vehicles.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In school health services, providing for type 1 diabetes education parental notification.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school health services, providing for type 1 diabetes education parental notification.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for duties of facility owners, for duties of designers, for duties of excavators, for duties of project owners, for damage prevention committee, for compliance orders and for administrative penalties; providing for action for recovery of penalty or forfeiture; and further providing for expiration of act.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 10, 1974 (P.L.852, No.287), referred to as the Underground Utility Line Protection Law, further providing for definitions, for duties of facility owners, for duties of designers, for duties of excavators, for duties of project owners, for damage prevention committee, for compliance orders and for administrative penalties; providing for action for recovery of penalty or forfeiture; and further providing for expiration of act.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In rules of evidence, further providing for subpoena of records.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of evidence, further providing for subpoena of records.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties, providing for criminal history background checks.. Description: An Act amending Title 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties, providing for criminal history background checks.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for activities and powers of the authority in general; establishing the Minority Business Development Program; and providing for reports.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 22, 1974 (P.L.598, No.206), known as the Pennsylvania Minority Business Development Authority Act, further providing for activities and powers of the authority in general; establishing the Minority Business Development Program; and providing for reports.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licensing of drivers, further providing for qualifications for school bus driver endorsement.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in licensing of drivers, further providing for qualifications for school bus driver endorsement.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in medical marijuana controls, further providing for electronic tracking and for laboratory; and, in Medical Marijuana Advisory Board, further providing for advisory board.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 17, 2016 (P.L.84, No.16), known as the Medical Marijuana Act, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in medical marijuana controls, further providing for electronic tracking and for laboratory; and, in Medical Marijuana Advisory Board, further providing for advisory board.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, on behalf of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and with the approval of the Governor, the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources and the Executive Director of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, to quitclaim and release to the United States of America any right, title or interest it may have with respect to a certain use restriction and a related reversionary interest related to certain portions of Valley Forge National Historical Park situate in Upper Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania; authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain land owned by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission in Overfield Township, Wyoming County; authorizing the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the City of Philadelphia a right-of-way easement situate in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County, in exchange for improvements to Benjamin Rush State Park and monetary consideration to the Commonwealth to be used toward the acquisition and conveyance of a tract of land to be added to French Creek State Park; authorizing the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of portions of State park lands in exchange for certain lands situate in New Vernon Township, Mercer County, from the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources to the Department of Transportation for anticipated highway improvement projects; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Agriculture and the Governor, to grant and convey to Joshua R. Snyder a certain tract of land located in Windsor Township, Berks County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands and improvements situate in Haverford Township, Delaware County, to Carelink Community Support Services of PA, Inc.; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources and the Governor, to grant and convey to The Roland Curtin Foundation for the Preservation of Eagle Furnace, certain lands, buildings and improvements, situate in Boggs Township, Centre County, and further authorizing the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission to transfer to The Roland Curtin Foundation for the Preservation of Eagle Furnace its buildings located on adjacent property leased from the United States Department of the Army; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Franklin Township, Greene County, certain lands situate in Franklin Township, Greene County; authorizing the Department of General Services to convey to the Oil Region Alliance of Business, Industry and Tourism, a Pennsylvania nonprofit corporation, certain lands and improvements thereon, situate in Oil City, Venango County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education, to convey to the Oil Region Alliance of Business, Industry and Tourism, a Pennsylvania nonprofit corporation, certain lands and improvements thereon, situate in Oil City, Venango County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Transportation and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Bear Creek Township Volunteer Hose Company an access easement and two storm water easements from certain lands situate in Bear Creek Township, Luzerne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to release a portion of a use restriction affecting certain real property situate in Susquehanna Township, Dauphin County, which the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania previously conveyed to the School District of the City of Harrisburg; authorizing the sale and transfer of title for a 0.232 acre of. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, on behalf of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and with the approval of the Governor, the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources and the Executive Director of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, to quitclaim and release to the United States of America any right, title or interest it may have with respect to a certain use restriction and a related reversionary interest related to certain portions of Valley Forge National Historical Park situate in Upper Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania; authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain land owned by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission in Overfield Township, Wyoming County; authorizing the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the City of Philadelphia a right-of-way easement situate in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County, in exchange for improvements to Benjamin Rush State Park and monetary consideration to the Commonwealth to be used toward the acquisition and conveyance of a tract of land to be added to French Creek State Park; authorizing the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of portions of State park lands in exchange for certain lands situate in New Vernon Township, Mercer County, from the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources to the Department of Transportation for anticipated highway improvement projects; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Agriculture and the Governor, to grant and convey to Joshua R. Snyder a certain tract of land located in Windsor Township, Berks County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands and improvements situate in Haverford Township, Delaware County, to Carelink Community Support Services of PA, Inc.; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources and the Governor, to grant and convey to The Roland Curtin Foundation for the Preservation of Eagle Furnace, certain lands, buildings and improvements, situate in Boggs Township, Centre County, and further authorizing the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission to transfer to The Roland Curtin Foundation for the Preservation of Eagle Furnace its buildings located on adjacent property leased from the United States Department of the Army; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Franklin Township, Greene County, certain lands situate in Franklin Township, Greene County; authorizing the Department of General Services to convey to the Oil Region Alliance of Business, Industry and Tourism, a Pennsylvania nonprofit corporation, certain lands and improvements thereon, situate in Oil City, Venango County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education, to convey to the Oil Region Alliance of Business, Industry and Tourism, a Pennsylvania nonprofit corporation, certain lands and improvements thereon, situate in Oil City, Venango County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Transportation and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Bear Creek Township Volunteer Hose Company an access easement and two storm water easements from certain lands situate in Bear Creek Township, Luzerne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to release a portion of a use restriction affecting certain real property situate in Susquehanna Township, Dauphin County, which the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania previously conveyed to the School District of the City of Harrisburg; authorizing the sale and transfer of title for a 0.232 acre of
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for application and qualifications.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 10, 1990 (P.L.404, No.98), known as the Real Estate Appraisers Certification Act, further providing for application and qualifications.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Rural Population Revitalization Commission and providing for duties of the commission; and establishing the Rural Population Revitalization Fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 30, 1987 (P.L.163, No.16), known as the Rural Pennsylvania Revitalization Act, establishing the Rural Population Revitalization Commission and providing for duties of the commission; and establishing the Rural Population Revitalization Fund.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for uniform partition of heirs property.. Description: An Act amending Title 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for uniform partition of heirs property.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In miscellaneous provisions relating to operation of vehicles, further providing for accident scene clearance.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in miscellaneous provisions relating to operation of vehicles, further providing for accident scene clearance.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions relating to health insurance markets oversight, further providing for definitions; in State-based exchange, further providing for powers and duties of exchange authority; and, in reinsurance program, further providing for application.. Description: An Act amending Title 40 (Insurance) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions relating to health insurance markets oversight, further providing for definitions; in State-based exchange, further providing for powers and duties of exchange authority; and, in reinsurance program, further providing for application.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for regulation of the meat packing and food processing industry by creating facility health and safety committees in the workplace; establishing the industry workers' rights coordinator within the Department of Labor and Industry; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act providing for regulation of the meat packing and food processing industry by creating facility health and safety committees in the workplace; establishing the industry workers' rights coordinator within the Department of Labor and Industry; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In abandoned vehicles and cargos, further providing for notice to owner and lienholders of abandoned vehicles, for authorization for disposal of unclaimed vehicles and for processing of nonrepairable or salvage vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in abandoned vehicles and cargos, further providing for notice to owner and lienholders of abandoned vehicles, for authorization for disposal of unclaimed vehicles and for processing of nonrepairable or salvage vehicles.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for portable battery stewardship and establishing requirements for Battery Stewardship Plans; imposing duties on the Department of Environmental Protection; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 27 (Environmental Resources) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for portable battery stewardship and establishing requirements for Battery Stewardship Plans; imposing duties on the Department of Environmental Protection; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties of elected officials, further providing for organization of council, quorum, participation by telecommunication device, voting, compensation and eligibility; and, in mayor, further providing for salary of mayor.. Description: An Act amending Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties of elected officials, further providing for organization of council, quorum, participation by telecommunication device, voting, compensation and eligibility; and, in mayor, further providing for salary of mayor.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, further providing for racing on highways; in enforcement, further providing for disposition of impounded vehicles, combinations and loads; in penalties and disposition of fines, further providing for subsequent convictions of certain offenses; imposing penalties; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, further providing for racing on highways; in enforcement, further providing for disposition of impounded vehicles, combinations and loads; in penalties and disposition of fines, further providing for subsequent convictions of certain offenses; imposing penalties; and making editorial changes.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In casualty insurance, providing for speech therapy for stuttering.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in casualty insurance, providing for speech therapy for stuttering.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions relating to marriage, further providing for definitions; and, in miscellaneous provisions relating to marriage, repealing provisions relating to marriage between persons of the same sex.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions relating to marriage, further providing for definitions; and, in miscellaneous provisions relating to marriage, repealing provisions relating to marriage between persons of the same sex.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for donor immunity.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 10, 1981 (P.L.234, No.76), known as the Donated Food Limited Liability Act, further providing for donor immunity.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licensing of health care facilities, providing for surgical smoke evacuation systems.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, in licensing of health care facilities, providing for surgical smoke evacuation systems.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of April 22 through 26, 2019, as "Every Kid Healthy Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of April 22 through 26, 2019, as "Every Kid Healthy Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In township supervisors, further providing for compensation of supervisors.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in township supervisors, further providing for compensation of supervisors.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 5, 1978 (P.L.1109, No.261), known as the Osteopathic Medical Practice Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 1985 (P.L.457, No.112), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1985, further providing for definitions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, further providing for special plates for recipients of Expeditionary Forces Medal, providing for special plates for recipients of Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, further providing for Distracted Driving Awareness plate, for special motorcycle plates related to veterans and for special plates for veterans and providing for special plates for recipients of Borinqueneers Congressional Gold Medal; and, in fees, further providing for exemption of persons, entities and vehicles from fees.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, further providing for special plates for recipients of Expeditionary Forces Medal, providing for special plates for recipients of Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, further providing for Distracted Driving Awareness plate, for special motorcycle plates related to veterans and for special plates for veterans and providing for special plates for recipients of Borinqueneers Congressional Gold Medal; and, in fees, further providing for exemption of persons, entities and vehicles from fees.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Pennsylvania Poet Laureate and the Pennsylvania Poet Laureate Nomination Committee; and providing for their powers and duties.. Description: An Act establishing the Pennsylvania Poet Laureate and the Pennsylvania Poet Laureate Nomination Committee; and providing for their powers and duties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In crop insurance, further providing for short title of chapter, for purpose of chapter, for definitions, for establishment of program and for powers and duties of department; providing for dairy margin coverage program financial assistance; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in crop insurance, further providing for short title of chapter, for purpose of chapter, for definitions, for establishment of program and for powers and duties of department; providing for dairy margin coverage program financial assistance; and making an editorial change.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In emergency COVID-19 response, further. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in emergency COVID-19 response, further
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the capital budget for fiscal year 2024-2025.. Description: An Act providing for the capital budget for fiscal year 2024-2025.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for hospital price transparency and for prohibition on collection action of debt against patients for noncompliant hospitals.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, providing for hospital price transparency and for prohibition on collection action of debt against patients for noncompliant hospitals.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Energy Development Authority and emergency powers, further providing for definitions, for Energy Development Authority, for powers and duties and for authority indebtedness.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Energy Development Authority and emergency powers, further providing for definitions, for Energy Development Authority, for powers and duties and for authority indebtedness.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for Attorney General notification; imposing a fine; and promulgating regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, providing for Attorney General notification; imposing a fine; and promulgating regulations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Pennsylvania Food Bucks Program and the Pennsylvania Food Bucks Program Account; and making an appropriation.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing the Pennsylvania Food Bucks Program and the Pennsylvania Food Bucks Program Account; and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In historic preservation incentive tax credit, further providing for tax credit certificates.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in historic preservation incentive tax credit, further providing for tax credit certificates.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In motorcycles, further providing for motorcycle safety education program.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in motorcycles, further providing for motorcycle safety education program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, providing for advertising and sponsorships; in charter schools, further providing for definitions, for charter school requirements and for funding for charter schools, providing for funding for cyber charter schools, for cyber charter school requirements, for powers and composition of board of trustees and for educational management service providers, further providing for powers and duties of department and for assessment and evaluation, providing for annual reports and public reporting and for fund balance limits, further providing for cyber charter school requirements and prohibitions and for school district and intermediate unit responsibilities, providing for access to other schools' facilities, further providing for establishment of cyber charter school, providing for renewals, for charter amendments and for causes for nonrenewal, revocation or termination, further providing for State Charter School Appeal Board review, for cyber charter school application and for enrollment and notification, providing for enrollment parameters and for enrollee wellness checks and further providing for applicability of other provisions of this act and of other acts and regulations; and, in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for student-weighted basic education funding, providing for adequacy and tax equity supplements and for accountability to Commonwealth taxpayers and further providing for Pennsylvania accountability grants.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, providing for advertising and sponsorships; in charter schools, further providing for definitions, for charter school requirements and for funding for charter schools, providing for funding for cyber charter schools, for cyber charter school requirements, for powers and composition of board of trustees and for educational management service providers, further providing for powers and duties of department and for assessment and evaluation, providing for annual reports and public reporting and for fund balance limits, further providing for cyber charter school requirements and prohibitions and for school district and intermediate unit responsibilities, providing for access to other schools' facilities, further providing for establishment of cyber charter school, providing for renewals, for charter amendments and for causes for nonrenewal, revocation or termination, further providing for State Charter School Appeal Board review, for cyber charter school application and for enrollment and notification, providing for enrollment parameters and for enrollee wellness checks and further providing for applicability of other provisions of this act and of other acts and regulations; and, in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for student-weighted basic education funding, providing for adequacy and tax equity supplements and for accountability to Commonwealth taxpayers and further providing for Pennsylvania accountability grants.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for definitions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties, providing for temporary rulemaking authority.. Description: An Act amending Title 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties, providing for temporary rulemaking authority.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Older Adult Mentor Volunteer Program; and providing for duties of the Department of Education, the State Board of Education, intermediate units and public school entities.. Description: An Act establishing the Older Adult Mentor Volunteer Program; and providing for duties of the Department of Education, the State Board of Education, intermediate units and public school entities.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions and for powers and duties of department; in applications and permits, further providing for permits and licenses required, transition scheme and reporting requirements and providing for food processing residuals; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 7, 1980 (P.L.380, No.97), known as the Solid Waste Management Act, in general provisions, further providing for definitions and for powers and duties of department; in applications and permits, further providing for permits and licenses required, transition scheme and reporting requirements and providing for food processing residuals; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Alzheimer's, Dementia and Related Disorders Office and the Alzheimer's, Dementia and Related Disorders Advisory Committee.. Description: An Act establishing the Alzheimer's, Dementia and Related Disorders Office and the Alzheimer's, Dementia and Related Disorders Advisory Committee.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to emergency management services, further providing for definitions; in Commonwealth services, further providing for assistance to fire companies and EMS companies, for State Fire Commissioner and for curriculum, training and education certification management system; in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for definitions, for publication and notice, for award of grants, for consolidation incentive, for establishment, for publication and notice and for award of grants, repealing provisions relating to COVID-19 Crisis Fire Company and Emergency Medical Services Grant Program and to COVID-19 Crisis Fire Company and Emergency Medical Services Grant Program, further providing for allocation of appropriated funds, repealing provisions relating to Emergency Medical Services COVID-19 Recovery Grant Program, to expiration of authority relating to COVID-19 Crisis Fire Company and Emergency Medical Services Grant Program and to expiration of authority relating to Emergency Medical Services COVID-19 Recovery Grant Program and further providing for special provisions and for annual reports; and making transfers.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions relating to emergency management services, further providing for definitions; in Commonwealth services, further providing for assistance to fire companies and EMS companies, for State Fire Commissioner and for curriculum, training and education certification management system; in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for definitions, for publication and notice, for award of grants, for consolidation incentive, for establishment, for publication and notice and for award of grants, repealing provisions relating to COVID-19 Crisis Fire Company and Emergency Medical Services Grant Program and to COVID-19 Crisis Fire Company and Emergency Medical Services Grant Program, further providing for allocation of appropriated funds, repealing provisions relating to Emergency Medical Services COVID-19 Recovery Grant Program, to expiration of authority relating to COVID-19 Crisis Fire Company and Emergency Medical Services Grant Program and to expiration of authority relating to Emergency Medical Services COVID-19 Recovery Grant Program and further providing for special provisions and for annual reports; and making transfers.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for interagency cooperation regarding employee misclassification; and establishing the Employee Misclassification Working Group.. Description: An Act providing for interagency cooperation regarding employee misclassification; and establishing the Employee Misclassification Working Group.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In short title and definitions, further providing for definitions; in licenses, tags and kennels, further providing for kennels, for requirements for kennels, for revocation or refusal of kennel licenses and for health certificates for importation; and, in enforcement and penalties, further providing for rules and regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 7, 1982 (P.L.784, No.225), known as the Dog Law, in short title and definitions, further providing for definitions; in licenses, tags and kennels, further providing for kennels, for requirements for kennels, for revocation or refusal of kennel licenses and for health certificates for importation; and, in enforcement and penalties, further providing for rules and regulations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Keystone Fresh Program; providing for the Fresh Schools Grant Program, for the Keystone Producer Grant Program, for the Keystone Assistance Grant Program and for the administration of the Keystone Fresh Program by the Department of Education and the Department of Agriculture; and establishing the Keystone Fresh Fund.. Description: An Act establishing the Keystone Fresh Program; providing for the Fresh Schools Grant Program, for the Keystone Producer Grant Program, for the Keystone Assistance Grant Program and for the administration of the Keystone Fresh Program by the Department of Education and the Department of Agriculture; and establishing the Keystone Fresh Fund.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the funding of the development of comprehensive regional plans, competitive sites for businesses to locate or expand within this Commonwealth and competitive industrial and nonindustrial sites by assisting in the reduction of development risk; establishing the Pennsylvania Strategic Investments to Enhance Sites (PA SITES) Program, the PA SITES Fund and the PA SITES Debt Service Restricted Account; and conferring powers and duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority.. Description: An Act providing for the funding of the development of comprehensive regional plans, competitive sites for businesses to locate or expand within this Commonwealth and competitive industrial and nonindustrial sites by assisting in the reduction of development risk; establishing the Pennsylvania Strategic Investments to Enhance Sites (PA SITES) Program, the PA SITES Fund and the PA SITES Debt Service Restricted Account; and conferring powers and duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In miscellaneous provisions relating to offenses in general, providing for use of registration plate flipping device.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in miscellaneous provisions relating to offenses in general, providing for use of registration plate flipping device.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for persons eligible for medical assistance.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for persons eligible for medical assistance.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for corporate political contributions; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, providing for corporate political contributions; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions relating to retirement for school employees, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 24 (Education) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions relating to retirement for school employees, further providing for definitions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for collection of samples, for technician requirements, for licensure, for powers and duties of Secretary of Agriculture and for blood sample restrictions.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 6, 1956 (1955 P.L.1429, No.466), referred to as the Poultry Technician Licensure Law, further providing for collection of samples, for technician requirements, for licensure, for powers and duties of Secretary of Agriculture and for blood sample restrictions.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for regulatory compliance.. Description: An Act providing for regulatory compliance.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In returns of primaries and elections, further providing for appeals to court from decisions of the county board and for Secretary of the Commonwealth to tabulate, compute and canvass returns; and, in recounts and contests, further providing for entry and effect of decision and providing for appeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in returns of primaries and elections, further providing for appeals to court from decisions of the county board and for Secretary of the Commonwealth to tabulate, compute and canvass returns; and, in recounts and contests, further providing for entry and effect of decision and providing for appeal.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for restriction on use and custody of digital assets prohibited and for use of nodes authorized.. Description: An Act providing for restriction on use and custody of digital assets prohibited and for use of nodes authorized.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for mental health crisis response and for evaluation and report; and imposing duties on the Department of Human Services.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for mental health crisis response and for evaluation and report; and imposing duties on the Department of Human Services.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for exemptions and special provisions.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for exemptions and special provisions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 17, 1968 (P.L.1224, No.387), known as the Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, further providing for definitions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In race horse industry reform, further providing for State Horse Racing Commission.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in race horse industry reform, further providing for State Horse Racing Commission.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for health care insurance coverage protections, for duties of the Insurance Department and the Insurance Commissioner, for regulations, for enforcement and for penalties.. Description: An Act providing for health care insurance coverage protections, for duties of the Insurance Department and the Insurance Commissioner, for regulations, for enforcement and for penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In casualty insurance, further providing for conditions subject to which policies are to be issued and for health insurance coverage for certain children of insured parents.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in casualty insurance, further providing for conditions subject to which policies are to be issued and for health insurance coverage for certain children of insured parents.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for health insurance access protections; imposing duties on the Insurance Department and the Insurance Commissioner; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act providing for health insurance access protections; imposing duties on the Insurance Department and the Insurance Commissioner; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Economic Development for a Growing Economy (PA EDGE) Tax Credits, repealing provisions relating to local resource manufacturing and for Pennsylvania Milk Processing and providing for Reliable Energy Investment Tax Credit and for Pennsylvania Milk Processing; in Regional Clean Hydrogen Hubs, further providing for definitions, for eligibility, for application and approval of tax credit, for use of tax credits and for applicability; in semiconductor manufacturing and biomedical manufacturing and research, further providing for definitions and for application and approval of tax credit and providing for sustainable aviation fuel; and, in application of Prevailing Wage Act, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in Pennsylvania Economic Development for a Growing Economy (PA EDGE) Tax Credits, repealing provisions relating to local resource manufacturing and for Pennsylvania Milk Processing and providing for Reliable Energy Investment Tax Credit and for Pennsylvania Milk Processing; in Regional Clean Hydrogen Hubs, further providing for definitions, for eligibility, for application and approval of tax credit, for use of tax credits and for applicability; in semiconductor manufacturing and biomedical manufacturing and research, further providing for definitions and for application and approval of tax credit and providing for sustainable aviation fuel; and, in application of Prevailing Wage Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Game Commission, further providing for Game Commission officers and employees.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Game Commission, further providing for Game Commission officers and employees.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the hauler or broker of food processing residuals certification program; providing for the transportation of food processing residuals; imposing duties on the Department of Agriculture and the State Conservation Commission; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act establishing the hauler or broker of food processing residuals certification program; providing for the transportation of food processing residuals; imposing duties on the Department of Agriculture and the State Conservation Commission; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for "What Is Your Pennsylvania Story" guidelines for school entities; and imposing duties on the Department of Education.. Description: An Act providing for "What Is Your Pennsylvania Story" guidelines for school entities; and imposing duties on the Department of Education.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission, further providing for waterways patrolmen and employees.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission, further providing for waterways patrolmen and employees.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for work practice standards.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 17, 2024 (P.L.403, No.26), known as the Crematory Regulation Act, further providing for work practice standards.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for Public Transportation Trust Fund transfers and increases.. Description: An Act providing for Public Transportation Trust Fund transfers and increases.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating August 4, 2024, as "BAPS Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating August 4, 2024, as "BAPS Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for courts to be open and suits against the Commonwealth.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for courts to be open and suits against the Commonwealth.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for parental control relating to instructional materials and books containing sexually explicit content.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for parental control relating to instructional materials and books containing sexually explicit content.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In casualty insurance, further providing for coverage for mammographic examinations and diagnostic breast imaging and providing for coverage for BRCA-related genetic counseling and genetic testing.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in casualty insurance, further providing for coverage for mammographic examinations and diagnostic breast imaging and providing for coverage for BRCA-related genetic counseling and genetic testing.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In disposition of abandoned and unclaimed property, further providing for claim for property paid or delivered.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in disposition of abandoned and unclaimed property, further providing for claim for property paid or delivered.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In liquid fuels and fuels tax, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in liquid fuels and fuels tax, further providing for definitions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for learners' permits and for examination of applicant for driver's license; in rules of the road in general, further providing for prohibiting text-based communications and providing for prohibiting use of interactive mobile device; in miscellaneous provisions relating to serious traffic offenses, further providing for the offense of homicide by vehicle and for the offense of aggravated assault by vehicle; in enforcement, providing for data collection and reporting relating to traffic stops; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for learners' permits and for examination of applicant for driver's license; in rules of the road in general, further providing for prohibiting text-based communications and providing for prohibiting use of interactive mobile device; in miscellaneous provisions relating to serious traffic offenses, further providing for the offense of homicide by vehicle and for the offense of aggravated assault by vehicle; in enforcement, providing for data collection and reporting relating to traffic stops; and imposing penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In human trafficking, further providing for definitions, for the offense of trafficking in individuals and for the offense of patronizing a victim of sexual servitude; in minors, further providing for unlawful contact with minor; and, in domestic and sexual violence victim address confidentiality, further providing for definitions and for persons eligible to apply.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in human trafficking, further providing for definitions, for the offense of trafficking in individuals and for the offense of patronizing a victim of sexual servitude; in minors, further providing for unlawful contact with minor; and, in domestic and sexual violence victim address confidentiality, further providing for definitions and for persons eligible to apply.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for victim services.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 25, 2012 (P.L.1618, No.197), known as the National Human Trafficking Resource Center Hotline Notification Act, further providing for victim services.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In child custody, further providing for definitions, for award of custody, for factors to consider when awarding custody, for consideration of criminal conviction, for guardian ad litem for child, for counsel for child and for award of counsel fees, costs and expenses; and, in Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts, providing for child abuse and domestic abuse education and training program for judges and court personnel.. Description: An Act amending Titles 23 (Domestic Relations) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child custody, further providing for definitions, for award of custody, for factors to consider when awarding custody, for consideration of criminal conviction, for guardian ad litem for child, for counsel for child and for award of counsel fees, costs and expenses; and, in Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts, providing for child abuse and domestic abuse education and training program for judges and court personnel.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Game Commission, further providing for organization of commission; in game or wildlife protection, further providing for report to commission officer and for surrender of carcass to commission officer; in hunting and furtaking, repealing provisions relating to hunting on Sunday prohibited, providing for hunting on Sunday and further providing for unlawful devices and methods, for the offense of trespass on private property while hunting and for hunting on Sunday without written permission; and, in special licenses and permits, providing for agriculture access permit list.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Game Commission, further providing for organization of commission; in game or wildlife protection, further providing for report to commission officer and for surrender of carcass to commission officer; in hunting and furtaking, repealing provisions relating to hunting on Sunday prohibited, providing for hunting on Sunday and further providing for unlawful devices and methods, for the offense of trespass on private property while hunting and for hunting on Sunday without written permission; and, in special licenses and permits, providing for agriculture access permit list.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing Recovery-to-work as a pilot program within the Department of Labor and Industry; and providing for local recovery-to-work pilot programs, for incentives to encourage business participation and for powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry.. Description: An Act establishing Recovery-to-work as a pilot program within the Department of Labor and Industry; and providing for local recovery-to-work pilot programs, for incentives to encourage business participation and for powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for unlawful acts.. Description: An Act amending the act of September 27, 1961 (P.L.1700, No.699), known as the Pharmacy Act, further providing for definitions and for unlawful acts.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In short title and definitions, further providing for. Description: An Act amending the act of December 7, 1982 (P.L.784, No.225), known as the Dog Law, in short title and definitions, further providing for
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In professional employees, repealing provisions relating to religious garb, insignia, etc., prohibited and penalty.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in professional employees, repealing provisions relating to religious garb, insignia, etc., prohibited and penalty.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, further providing for use of farm vehicle plates.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, further providing for use of farm vehicle plates.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8537, carrying Pennsylvania Route 869 over a tributary of the Little Conemaugh River in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Sergeant Vance Stephan Keslar Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8392, carrying Pennsylvania Route 53 over Bruebaker Run in Dean Township, Cambria County, as the U.S. Army Technical Sergeant Joseph F. Johnston Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43267, on that portion of State Route 3041, also known as Dishong Mountain Road, over U.S. Route 22 in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Technical Sergeant Mike Capelli Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45701, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over the Conemaugh River between Johnstown City and West Taylor Township, Cambria County, as the Captain Raymond W. Callahan, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8569, carrying State Route 1021 over Glendale Lake in White Township, Cambria County, as the CPL Reid Rex Ross 3 BT 26 Marine Reg. Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 56008, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over Stonycreek River in Johnstown City, Cambria County, as the Sgt. John C. Alaimo Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8444, carrying US Route 219 over Pennsylvania Route 56, also known as Scalp Avenue, in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Stanley Albert Stys Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8547, located on State Route 1002, also known as Friend Lea Road, over U.S. Route 219 in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Cyril T. Yeckley Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8654, carrying State Route 3035 over the Little Conemaugh River in East Taylor Township, Cambria County, as the East Taylor Township Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43558, carrying U.S. Route 22 over a tributary of Hinckston Run in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Officer Matthew Krupa Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 55994, carrying State Route 4002 over California Run in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Senior Chief Stanley "Stush" Kubat, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46706, carrying State Route 4001, also known as Iverson Road, over Stevens Run in Blacklick Township, Cambria County, as the PVT Donald D. Marsh Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19716, carrying State Route 2019 over Mahoning Creek in Bell Township, Jefferson County, as the SP4 Michael Raymond Ishman Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5550, carrying Woodbury Pike (Pennsylvania Route 36) over Halter Creek, spanning Blair and Freedom Townships, Blair County, as the Pvt. William E. Green Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41606, carrying State Route 3011, also known as Branch Road, over Spring Creek in College Township, Centre County, as the Petty Officer John W. Coble Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46159, carrying Pennsylvania Route 36 on Charger Highway, Blair Township, Blair County, as the Marine Lance Corporal Ralph Hammel Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52767, carrying West High Street (State Route 4031), crossing the Ghost Town Trail, located in Ebensburg Borough, Cambria County, as the Corpsman Charles Doerr, United States Navy, Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11781, on that portion of State Route 3004 over the West Branch Susquehanna River, Burnside Township, Clearfield County, as the United States Army Sergeant Harold Koller Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8555, carrying State Route 1007 over Chest Creek on the border of Allegheny Township and East Carroll Township, Cambria County, as the Sergeant Regis H. Driskel Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 143 in Lynn Township, Lehigh County, from the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 309 to the border of Berks County, as Heroes Highway, in honor of fallen firefighter Marvin Gruber and Assistant Fire Chief Zachary Paris; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47515, carrying Pennsylvania Route 286 over Blacklegs Creek in Conemaugh Township, Indiana County, as the Captain Robert M. Young Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8574, carrying State Route 1021 over Clearfield Creek in White Township, Cambria County, as the Charles Owen Jenkins, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45509, carrying U.S. Route 40 over Pennsylvania Route 43 in Redstone Township, Fayette County, as the PFC John Balog Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47947, carrying State Route 1054 over Indian Creek in Saltlick Township, Fayette County, as the Sgt. Earl D. Barkley Memorial Bridge; designating the section of State Route 403, also known as Cramer Pike, from the intersection with State Route 3041 in West Taylor Township, Cambria County, to the intersection with State Route 8010, Segment 250 (Ramp E) in East Wheatfield Township, Indiana County, as the Captain Harry G. Cramer Memorial Highway; and making repeals.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8537, carrying Pennsylvania Route 869 over a tributary of the Little Conemaugh River in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Sergeant Vance Stephan Keslar Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8392, carrying Pennsylvania Route 53 over Bruebaker Run in Dean Township, Cambria County, as the U.S. Army Technical Sergeant Joseph F. Johnston Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43267, on that portion of State Route 3041, also known as Dishong Mountain Road, over U.S. Route 22 in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Technical Sergeant Mike Capelli Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45701, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over the Conemaugh River between Johnstown City and West Taylor Township, Cambria County, as the Captain Raymond W. Callahan, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8569, carrying State Route 1021 over Glendale Lake in White Township, Cambria County, as the CPL Reid Rex Ross 3 BT 26 Marine Reg. Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 56008, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over Stonycreek River in Johnstown City, Cambria County, as the Sgt. John C. Alaimo Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8444, carrying US Route 219 over Pennsylvania Route 56, also known as Scalp Avenue, in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Stanley Albert Stys Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8547, located on State Route 1002, also known as Friend Lea Road, over U.S. Route 219 in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Cyril T. Yeckley Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8654, carrying State Route 3035 over the Little Conemaugh River in East Taylor Township, Cambria County, as the East Taylor Township Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43558, carrying U.S. Route 22 over a tributary of Hinckston Run in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Officer Matthew Krupa Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 55994, carrying State Route 4002 over California Run in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Senior Chief Stanley "Stush" Kubat, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46706, carrying State Route 4001, also known as Iverson Road, over Stevens Run in Blacklick Township, Cambria County, as the PVT Donald D. Marsh Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19716, carrying State Route 2019 over Mahoning Creek in Bell Township, Jefferson County, as the SP4 Michael Raymond Ishman Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5550, carrying Woodbury Pike (Pennsylvania Route 36) over Halter Creek, spanning Blair and Freedom Townships, Blair County, as the Pvt. William E. Green Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41606, carrying State Route 3011, also known as Branch Road, over Spring Creek in College Township, Centre County, as the Petty Officer John W. Coble Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46159, carrying Pennsylvania Route 36 on Charger Highway, Blair Township, Blair County, as the Marine Lance Corporal Ralph Hammel Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52767, carrying West High Street (State Route 4031), crossing the Ghost Town Trail, located in Ebensburg Borough, Cambria County, as the Corpsman Charles Doerr, United States Navy, Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11781, on that portion of State Route 3004 over the West Branch Susquehanna River, Burnside Township, Clearfield County, as the United States Army Sergeant Harold Koller Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8555, carrying State Route 1007 over Chest Creek on the border of Allegheny Township and East Carroll Township, Cambria County, as the Sergeant Regis H. Driskel Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 143 in Lynn Township, Lehigh County, from the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 309 to the border of Berks County, as Heroes Highway, in honor of fallen firefighter Marvin Gruber and Assistant Fire Chief Zachary Paris; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47515, carrying Pennsylvania Route 286 over Blacklegs Creek in Conemaugh Township, Indiana County, as the Captain Robert M. Young Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8574, carrying State Route 1021 over Clearfield Creek in White Township, Cambria County, as the Charles Owen Jenkins, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45509, carrying U.S. Route 40 over Pennsylvania Route 43 in Redstone Township, Fayette County, as the PFC John Balog Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47947, carrying State Route 1054 over Indian Creek in Saltlick Township, Fayette County, as the Sgt. Earl D. Barkley Memorial Bridge; designating the section of State Route 403, also known as Cramer Pike, from the intersection with State Route 3041 in West Taylor Township, Cambria County, to the intersection with State Route 8010, Segment 250 (Ramp E) in East Wheatfield Township, Indiana County, as the Captain Harry G. Cramer Memorial Highway; and making repeals.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for the title of the act; and, in sale of property, providing for county demolition and rehabilitation fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 7, 1947 (P.L.1368, No.542), known as the Real Estate Tax Sale Law, further providing for the title of the act; and, in sale of property, providing for county demolition and rehabilitation fund.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, further providing for firefighter and emergency service training and establishing the Secondary Education Fire Training Pilot Program and the Fire Training Fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, further providing for firefighter and emergency service training and establishing the Secondary Education Fire Training Pilot Program and the Fire Training Fund.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In diesel-powered equipment, further providing for schedule of maintenance.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 7, 2008 (P.L.654, No.55), known as the Bituminous Coal Mine Safety Act, in diesel-powered equipment, further providing for schedule of maintenance.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, providing for restrictions on appropriations; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, providing for restrictions on appropriations; and making a repeal.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45701, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over the Conemaugh River between Johnstown City and West Taylor Township, Cambria County, as the Captain Raymond W. Callahan, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8574, carrying State Route 1021 over Clearfield Creek between Reade Township and White Township, Cambria County, as the CPL Reid Rex Ross 3 BT 26 Marine Reg. Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 56008, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over Stonycreek River in Johnstown City, Cambria County, as the Sgt. John C. Alaimo Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8444, carrying US Route 219 over Pennsylvania Route 56, also known as Scalp Avenue, in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Stanley Albert Stys Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8547, located on State Route 1002, Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Cyril T. Yeckley Memorial Bridge; and making repeals.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45701, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over the Conemaugh River between Johnstown City and West Taylor Township, Cambria County, as the Captain Raymond W. Callahan, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8574, carrying State Route 1021 over Clearfield Creek between Reade Township and White Township, Cambria County, as the CPL Reid Rex Ross 3 BT 26 Marine Reg. Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 56008, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over Stonycreek River in Johnstown City, Cambria County, as the Sgt. John C. Alaimo Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8444, carrying US Route 219 over Pennsylvania Route 56, also known as Scalp Avenue, in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Stanley Albert Stys Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8547, located on State Route 1002, Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Cyril T. Yeckley Memorial Bridge; and making repeals.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the exclusion of veterans' benefit payments from income for Commonwealth programs.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for the exclusion of veterans' benefit payments from income for Commonwealth programs.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for unwanted telephone solicitation calls prohibited.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 4, 1996 (P.L.911, No.147), known as the Telemarketer Registration Act, further providing for unwanted telephone solicitation calls prohibited.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In metropolitan transportation authorities, providing for special prosecutor for mass transit.. Description: An Act amending Title 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in metropolitan transportation authorities, providing for special prosecutor for mass transit.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In decorations, medals, badges and awards, further providing for authorized decorations, medals, badges and awards.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in decorations, medals, badges and awards, further providing for authorized decorations, medals, badges and awards.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for conduct of business by individuals and partnerships.. Description: An Act amending the act of January 14, 1952 (1951 P.L.1898, No.522), known as the Funeral Director Law, further providing for conduct of business by individuals and partnerships.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preemptions, providing for restrictions on utility services prohibited.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preemptions, providing for restrictions on utility services prohibited.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, providing for protection against PFAS chemicals.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, providing for protection against PFAS chemicals.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In fishing licenses, further providing for exemptions from license requirements.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fishing licenses, further providing for exemptions from license requirements.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Repealing the act of September 1, 1965 (P.L.420, No.215), known as The Frozen Dessert Law.. Description: An Act repealing the act of September 1, 1965 (P.L.420, No.215), known as The Frozen Dessert Law.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In size, weight and load, further providing for permit for movement during course of manufacture; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for power of Governor during emergency.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in size, weight and load, further providing for permit for movement during course of manufacture; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for power of Governor during emergency.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8654, carrying State Route 3035 over the Little Conemaugh River in East Taylor Township, Cambria County, as the East Taylor Township Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43558, carrying U.S. Route 22 over a tributary of Hinckston Run in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Officer Matthew Krupa Memorial Bridge; and designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 55994, carrying State Route 4002 over California Run in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Senior Chief Stanley "Stush" Kubat, Jr., Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8654, carrying State Route 3035 over the Little Conemaugh River in East Taylor Township, Cambria County, as the East Taylor Township Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43558, carrying U.S. Route 22 over a tributary of Hinckston Run in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Officer Matthew Krupa Memorial Bridge; and designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 55994, carrying State Route 4002 over California Run in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Senior Chief Stanley "Stush" Kubat, Jr., Memorial Bridge.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for repair obligations, for manufacturer's duty for refund or replacement and for presumption of a reasonable number of attempts.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 28, 1984 (P.L.150, No.28), known as the Automobile Lemon Law, further providing for definitions, for repair obligations, for manufacturer's duty for refund or replacement and for presumption of a reasonable number of attempts.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for Environmental Hearing Board.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 13, 1988 (P.L.530, No.94), known as the Environmental Hearing Board Act, further providing for Environmental Hearing Board.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In military educational programs relating to medical officer or health officer incentive program, further providing for definitions, for establishment of program, for program stipend, for additional incentives, for recoupment of incentive payments, for adjustment of stipend amounts and for eligibility; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in military educational programs relating to medical officer or health officer incentive program, further providing for definitions, for establishment of program, for program stipend, for additional incentives, for recoupment of incentive payments, for adjustment of stipend amounts and for eligibility; and making editorial changes.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for prohibited acts and penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 14, 1972 (P.L.233, No.64), known as The Controlled Substance, Drug, Device and Cosmetic Act, further providing for prohibited acts and penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In juvenile matters, further providing for limitation on and change in place of commitment; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in juvenile matters, further providing for limitation on and change in place of commitment; and making editorial changes.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In criminal history record information, further providing for juvenile records; and, in juvenile matters, further providing for powers and duties of probation officers, for informal adjustment, for consent decree, for adjudication, for disposition of delinquent child and for powers and duties.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in criminal history record information, further providing for juvenile records; and, in juvenile matters, further providing for powers and duties of probation officers, for informal adjustment, for consent decree, for adjudication, for disposition of delinquent child and for powers and duties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for Safe Exchange Zone Program.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for Safe Exchange Zone Program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In limitation of time, further providing for infancy, insanity or imprisonment; in matters affecting government units, further providing for exceptions to sovereign immunity and for exceptions to governmental immunity; making a repeal; and making editorial changes to replace references to the term "child pornography" with references to the term "child sexual abuse material.". Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses), 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in limitation of time, further providing for infancy, insanity or imprisonment; in matters affecting government units, further providing for exceptions to sovereign immunity and for exceptions to governmental immunity; making a repeal; and making editorial changes to replace references to the term "child pornography" with references to the term "child sexual abuse material."
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for title and for definitions; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 30, 2004 (P.L.1556, No.197), known as the Child Internet Protection Act, further providing for title and for definitions; and making editorial changes.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for proposed regulations and procedures for review and for final-form regulations and final-omitted regulations and procedures for review; and providing for concurrent resolution required for economically significant regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1982 (P.L.633, No.181), known as the Regulatory Review Act, further providing for definitions, for proposed regulations and procedures for review and for final-form regulations and final-omitted regulations and procedures for review; and providing for concurrent resolution required for economically significant regulations.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for existing regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1982 (P.L.633, No.181), known as the Regulatory Review Act, further providing for definitions and for existing regulations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In disabled veterans' real estate tax exemption, further providing for duty of commission.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in disabled veterans' real estate tax exemption, further providing for duty of commission.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for jurisdiction.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 13, 1988 (P.L.530, No.94), known as the Environmental Hearing Board Act, further providing for definitions and for jurisdiction.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for municipal claims first lien, cities of first class, docketing, judgment and execution, for cities of the first class, recovery of judgment and sale free from claims, for redemption and for rule to show cause, decree, service and notice and providing for disposition of property in cities of the second class.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 16, 1923 (P.L.207, No.153), referred to as the Municipal Claim and Tax Lien Law, further providing for municipal claims first lien, cities of first class, docketing, judgment and execution, for cities of the first class, recovery of judgment and sale free from claims, for redemption and for rule to show cause, decree, service and notice and providing for disposition of property in cities of the second class.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In professional employees, providing for National Guard or Reserve parent student support.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in professional employees, providing for National Guard or Reserve parent student support.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In environmental protection, providing for decommissioning of solar energy facilities.. Description: An Act amending Title 27 (Environmental Resources) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in environmental protection, providing for decommissioning of solar energy facilities.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for short title, for definitions, for deferral or exemption authority and for retroactive application.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 13, 1988 (P.L.1190, No.146), known as the First and Second Class County Property Tax Relief Act, further providing for short title, for definitions, for deferral or exemption authority and for retroactive application.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In dates of elections and primaries and special elections, further providing for general primary and candidates to be nominated and party officers to be elected and providing for school district budget timeline for 2024 and for procedure for securing approval of electors.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in dates of elections and primaries and special elections, further providing for general primary and candidates to be nominated and party officers to be elected and providing for school district budget timeline for 2024 and for procedure for securing approval of electors.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for standards for Class VI buildings.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 27, 1927 (P.L.465, No.299), referred to as the Fire and Panic Act, further providing for standards for Class VI buildings.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for museum unclaimed loaned property.. Description: An Act providing for museum unclaimed loaned property.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In school health services, further providing for health services.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school health services, further providing for health services.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In criminal homicide, further providing for the offense of drug delivery resulting in death; and. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in criminal homicide, further providing for the offense of drug delivery resulting in death; and
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for guidelines and procedures governing certain investigations and interrogations of correctional and forensic employees; authorizing certain civil suits by correctional officers; and providing for impact of collective bargaining agreements and for summary suspensions.. Description: An Act providing for guidelines and procedures governing certain investigations and interrogations of correctional and forensic employees; authorizing certain civil suits by correctional officers; and providing for impact of collective bargaining agreements and for summary suspensions.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for uniformity in administration of assistance and regulations as to assistance.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for uniformity in administration of assistance and regulations as to assistance.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for uniformity in administration of assistance and regulations as to assistance.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for uniformity in administration of assistance and regulations as to assistance.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for reports to General Assembly.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for reports to General Assembly.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth Financing Authority, establishing the Veteran-owned Business Loan Guarantee Program.. Description: An Act amending Title 64 (Public Authorities and Quasi-Public Corporations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth Financing Authority, establishing the Veteran-owned Business Loan Guarantee Program.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for suspension of the Pennsylvania Heavy-Duty Diesel Emissions Control Program and for expiration of suspension.. Description: An Act providing for suspension of the Pennsylvania Heavy-Duty Diesel Emissions Control Program and for expiration of suspension.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In wiretapping and electronic surveillance, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in wiretapping and electronic surveillance, further providing for definitions.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for maternal mortality review committee and for purpose and duties of committee.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 9, 2018 (P.L.118, No.24), known as the Maternal Mortality Review Act, further providing for maternal mortality review committee and for purpose and duties of committee.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In offenses against the family, further providing for newborn protection; in child protective services, further providing for definitions and for taking child into protective custody; and, in newborn protection, further providing for definitions and for incubators for newborns, providing for health care providers at urgent care centers accepting newborns and further providing for reporting acceptance of newborns, for immunity, for duty of hospital and for duties of department.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in offenses against the family, further providing for newborn protection; in child protective services, further providing for definitions and for taking child into protective custody; and, in newborn protection, further providing for definitions and for incubators for newborns, providing for health care providers at urgent care centers accepting newborns and further providing for reporting acceptance of newborns, for immunity, for duty of hospital and for duties of department.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for imposition of. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for imposition of
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Center for Rural Pennsylvania, further providing for board of directors; establishing the Rural Population Revitalization Commission and providing for duties of the commission; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 30, 1987 (P.L.163, No.16), known as the Rural Pennsylvania Revitalization Act, in Center for Rural Pennsylvania, further providing for board of directors; establishing the Rural Population Revitalization Commission and providing for duties of the commission; and making a repeal.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Preventing the Commonwealth from dealing with persons associated with the Government of Russia or the Government of Belarus; and imposing duties on the Treasury Department and the Attorney General.. Description: An Act preventing the Commonwealth from dealing with persons associated with the Government of Russia or the Government of Belarus; and imposing duties on the Treasury Department and the Attorney General.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for moment of silence on September 11 anniversary.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for moment of silence on September 11 anniversary.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In equipment standards, further providing for unlawful activities; in other required equipment, further providing for restraint systems; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in equipment standards, further providing for unlawful activities; in other required equipment, further providing for restraint systems; and abrogating regulations.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for online curriculum availability.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for online curriculum availability.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In hunting and furtaking licenses, further providing for resident license and fee exemptions.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in hunting and furtaking licenses, further providing for resident license and fee exemptions.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the administration of permits by State agencies, for a tracking system for permit applications, for the establishment of permit programs, for third-party review of permit decision delays and for annual reports; establishing the Pennsylvania Office of Transformation and Opportunity and the Economic Development Strategy Group; and providing for their powers and duties.. Description: An Act providing for the administration of permits by State agencies, for a tracking system for permit applications, for the establishment of permit programs, for third-party review of permit decision delays and for annual reports; establishing the Pennsylvania Office of Transformation and Opportunity and the Economic Development Strategy Group; and providing for their powers and duties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for display of the Preamble of the Constitution of Pennsylvania in each school building.. Description: An Act providing for display of the Preamble of the Constitution of Pennsylvania in each school building.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In organization and jurisdiction of courts of common pleas, further providing for courts of common pleas.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in organization and jurisdiction of courts of common pleas, further providing for courts of common pleas.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In interpretation and definitions, further providing for definitions; and, in liability and compensation, providing for compensation for post-traumatic stress injury.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 2, 1915 (P.L.736, No.338), known as the Workers' Compensation Act, in interpretation and definitions, further providing for definitions; and, in liability and compensation, providing for compensation for post-traumatic stress injury.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In State lottery, further providing for definitions and providing for disclosure of certain prizewinner identities.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in State lottery, further providing for definitions and providing for disclosure of certain prizewinner identities.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for protection of State-owned electronic devices and networks from applications controlled by foreign adversaries.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for protection of State-owned electronic devices and networks from applications controlled by foreign adversaries.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for projects affecting submerged lands of the Commonwealth.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 26, 1978 (P.L.1375, No.325), known as the Dam Safety and Encroachments Act, further providing for definitions and for projects affecting submerged lands of the Commonwealth.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the annual designation and holiday observance of the fifteenth day of the Hindu lunisolar month of Kartik as "Diwali Day" in this Commonwealth.. Description: An Act providing for the annual designation and holiday observance of the fifteenth day of the Hindu lunisolar month of Kartik as "Diwali Day" in this Commonwealth.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for general powers of board, for procedure for licensing as professional engineer, for procedure for licensing as professional land surveyor, for continuing professional competency requirements, for fees and for penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 23, 1945 (P.L.913, No.367), known as the Engineer, Land Surveyor and Geologist Registration Law, further providing for definitions, for general powers of board, for procedure for licensing as professional engineer, for procedure for licensing as professional land surveyor, for continuing professional competency requirements, for fees and for penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fishing licenses, further providing for disabled veterans and former prisoners of war and for deployed Pennsylvania National Guard members and repealing provisions relating to reserve component of armed forces members.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fishing licenses, further providing for disabled veterans and former prisoners of war and for deployed Pennsylvania National Guard members and repealing provisions relating to reserve component of armed forces members.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for access to treatment for sexual assault survivors and for duties of the Department of Health.. Description: An Act providing for access to treatment for sexual assault survivors and for duties of the Department of Health.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In membership, credited service, classes of service, and eligibility for benefits relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for mandatory and optional membership in the system and participation in the plan; and, in benefits, further providing for termination of annuities.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in membership, credited service, classes of service, and eligibility for benefits relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for mandatory and optional membership in the system and participation in the plan; and, in benefits, further providing for termination of annuities.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for disability benefits and for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 28, 1935 (P.L.477, No.193), referred to as the Enforcement Officer Disability Benefits Law, further providing for disability benefits and for definitions.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In turnpike, providing for State intercept for unpaid tolls.. Description: An Act amending Title 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in turnpike, providing for State intercept for unpaid tolls.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency, further providing for organization.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency, further providing for organization.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In veteran-owned small businesses, providing for veteran-owned business logotype and imposing a penalty.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in veteran-owned small businesses, providing for veteran-owned business logotype and imposing a penalty.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46706, carrying State Route 4001, also known as Iverson Road, over Stevens Run in Blacklick Township, Cambria County, as the PVT Donald D. Marsh Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46706, carrying State Route 4001, also known as Iverson Road, over Stevens Run in Blacklick Township, Cambria County, as the PVT Donald D. Marsh Memorial Bridge.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, establishing the PA VETConnect Program.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, establishing the PA VETConnect Program.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for sentence of total confinement; in licensing of drivers, further providing for driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked and for ignition interlock limited license; and, in driving after imbibing alcohol or utilizing drugs, further providing for ignition interlock.. Description: An Act amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for sentence of total confinement; in licensing of drivers, further providing for driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked and for ignition interlock limited license; and, in driving after imbibing alcohol or utilizing drugs, further providing for ignition interlock.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for display of the Preamble of the Constitution of the United States in each school building.. Description: An Act providing for display of the Preamble of the Constitution of the United States in each school building.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, establishing the Child Reunification Program in the Department of Education.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, establishing the Child Reunification Program in the Department of Education.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In municipal pensions, providing for pension service credit for prior service with police department.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in municipal pensions, providing for pension service credit for prior service with police department.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 19, 1995 (P.L.33, No.3), known as the Economic Development Agency, Fiduciary and Lender Environmental Liability Protection Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for definitions.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024.. Description: An Act making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for advanced manufacturing facilities and infrastructures through business partnerships with State-related institutions; establishing the Max Manufacturing Initiative Fund and Max Manufacturing Endeavor Loan Fund; providing for prevailing wage; and imposing powers and duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act providing for advanced manufacturing facilities and infrastructures through business partnerships with State-related institutions; establishing the Max Manufacturing Initiative Fund and Max Manufacturing Endeavor Loan Fund; providing for prevailing wage; and imposing powers and duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In public assistance, providing for medical assistance coverage for pasteurized donor human milk.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, providing for medical assistance coverage for pasteurized donor human milk.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In incapacitated persons, further providing for petition and hearing and independent evaluation, for determination of incapacity and appointment of guardian and for review hearing.. Description: An Act amending Title 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in incapacitated persons, further providing for petition and hearing and independent evaluation, for determination of incapacity and appointment of guardian and for review hearing.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fishing licenses, providing for volunteer firefighters; and, in hunting and furtaking licenses, further providing for resident license and fee exemptions and for license costs and fees.. Description: An Act amending Titles 30 (Fish) and 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fishing licenses, providing for volunteer firefighters; and, in hunting and furtaking licenses, further providing for resident license and fee exemptions and for license costs and fees.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In theft and related offenses, further providing for the offense of theft of mail.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in theft and related offenses, further providing for the offense of theft of mail.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In State Veterans' Commission and Deputy Adjutant General for Veterans' Affairs, further providing for Veterans' Trust Fund; and establishing the Veterans' Trust Fund Board.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in State Veterans' Commission and Deputy Adjutant General for Veterans' Affairs, further providing for Veterans' Trust Fund; and establishing the Veterans' Trust Fund Board.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 1985 (P.L.457, No.112), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1985, further providing for definitions; and abrogating regulations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 5, 1978 (P.L.1109, No.261), known as the Osteopathic Medical Practice Act, further providing for definitions; and abrogating regulations.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In inspection of vehicles, further providing for requirement for periodic inspection of vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in inspection of vehicles, further providing for requirement for periodic inspection of vehicles.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In inspection of vehicles, further providing for prohibition on expenditures for emission inspection program.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in inspection of vehicles, further providing for prohibition on expenditures for emission inspection program.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In theft and related offenses, further providing for the offense of organized retail theft; and establishing the Office of Deputy Attorney General for Organized Retail Crime Theft.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in theft and related offenses, further providing for the offense of organized retail theft; and establishing the Office of Deputy Attorney General for Organized Retail Crime Theft.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sustainable mobility options, further providing for definitions, for fund, for application and approval process, for Federal funding, for coordination and consolidation, for operating program, for asset improvement program, for new initiatives program, for programs of Statewide significance and for program oversight and administration, providing for small purchase procedures and repealing provisions relating to evaluation of private investment opportunities.. Description: An Act amending Title 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sustainable mobility options, further providing for definitions, for fund, for application and approval process, for Federal funding, for coordination and consolidation, for operating program, for asset improvement program, for new initiatives program, for programs of Statewide significance and for program oversight and administration, providing for small purchase procedures and repealing provisions relating to evaluation of private investment opportunities.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In wiretapping and electronic surveillance, further providing for expiration of chapter.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in wiretapping and electronic surveillance, further providing for expiration of chapter.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for determination of eligibility.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for determination of eligibility.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the portion of Pennsylvania Route 41 (Gap Newport Pike) from the intersection with Bernard Avenue to the intersection with Highland Road in West Fallowfield Township, Chester County, as the Corporal Brandon Hardy Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 13775, carrying Pennsylvania Route 641 over Big Spring Creek on the border of Newville Borough and West Pennsboro Township, Cumberland County, as the SFC Randall Shughart Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Johnson Mill Road (State Route 1001) from the bridge over Buffalo Creek (Bridge Key 33467) to the intersection of Colonel John Kelly Road (State Route 1002) in Buffalo Township, Union County, as the Sgt. Edward L. Shannon Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 13617, carrying Pennsylvania Route 34, over Mountain Creek in Mount Holly Springs Borough, Cumberland County, as the Firefighter Jerome Guise Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8553, carrying State Route 1006 on Syberton Road over Clearfield Creek in Gallitzin Township, Cambria County, as the Private Martin J. Hanlon Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 36247, carrying Pennsylvania Route 711 over Loyalhanna Creek in Ligonier Township, Westmoreland County, as the Sergeant Alvin P. Carey and Private John C. Ewing Medal of Honor Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Keys 34474 and 34477, carrying Interstate 70 over Pennsylvania Route 18, on the border of Washington City and Canton Township, Washington County, as the Corporal Frank J. Sworden Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 310 between Knox Dale Road, also known as State Route 2023, and Ash Street in McCalmont Township, Jefferson County, as the Lance Cpl. Bernard Himes Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 33758, carrying Pennsylvania Route 427 over Sugar Creek in Sugarcreek Borough, Venango County, as the Staff Sergeant Richard James Mulholland Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8537, carrying Pennsylvania Route 869 over a tributary of the Little Conemaugh River in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Sergeant Vance Stephan Keslar Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8392, carrying Pennsylvania Route 53 over Bruebaker Run in Dean Township, Cambria County, as the U.S. Army Technical Sergeant Joseph F. Johnston Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43267, on that portion of State Route 3041, also known as Dishong Mountain Road, over U.S. Route 22 in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Technical Sergeant Mike Capelli Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45701, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over the Conemaugh River between Johnstown City and West Taylor Township, Cambria County, as the Captain Raymond W. Callahan, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8569, carrying State Route 1021 over Glendale Lake in White Township, Cambria County, as the CPL Reid Rex Ross 3 BT 26 Marine Reg. Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 56008, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over Stonycreek River in Johnstown City, Cambria County, as the Sgt. John C. Alaimo Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8444, carrying US Route 219 over Pennsylvania Route 56, also known as Scalp Avenue, in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Stanley Albert Stys Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8547, located on State Route 1002, also known as Friend Lea Road, over U.S. Route 219 in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Cyril T. Yeckley Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8654, carrying State Route 3035 over the Little Conemaugh River in East Taylor Township, Cambria County, as the East Taylor Township Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43558, carrying U.S. Route 22 over a tributary of Hinckston Run in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Officer Matthew Krupa Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 55994, carrying State Route 4002 over California Run in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Senior Chief Stanley "Stush" Kubat, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46706, carrying State Route 4001, also known as Iverson Road, over Stevens Run in Blacklick Township, Cambria County, as the PVT Donald D. Marsh Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19716, carrying State Route 2019 over Mahoning Creek in Bell Township, Jefferson County, as the SP4 Michael Raymond Ishman Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5550, carrying Woodbury Pike (Pennsylvania Route 36) over Halter Creek, spanning Blair and Freedom Townships, Blair County, as the Pvt. William E. Green Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41606, carrying State Route 3011, also known as Branch Road, over Spring Creek in College Township, Centre County, as the Petty Officer John W. Coble Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46159, carrying Pennsylvania Route 36 on Charger Highway, Blair Township, Blair County, as the Marine Lance Corporal Ralph Hammel Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52767, carrying West High Street (State Route 4031), crossing the Ghost Town Trail, located in Ebensburg Borough, Cambria County, as the Corpsman Charles Doerr, United States Navy, Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11781, on that portion of State Route 3004 over the West Branch Susquehanna River, Burnside Township, Clearfield County, as the United States Army Sergeant Harold Koller Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8555, carrying State Route 1007 over Chest Creek on the border of Allegheny Township and East Carroll Township, Cambria County, as the Sergeant Regis H. Driskel Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 143 in Lynn Township, Lehigh County, from the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 309 to the border of Berks County, as Heroes Highway, in honor of fallen firefighter Marvin Gruber and Assistant Fire Chief Zachary Paris; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47515, carrying Pennsylvania Route 286 over Blacklegs Creek in Conemaugh Township, Indiana County, as the Captain Robert M. Young Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8574, carrying State Route 1021 over Clearfield Creek in White Township, Cambria County, as the Charles Owen Jenkins, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45509, carrying U.S. Route 40 over Pennsylvania Route 43 in Redstone Township, Fayette County, as the PFC John Balog Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47947, carrying State Route 1054 over Indian Creek in Saltlick Township, Fayette County, as the Sgt. Earl D. Barkley Memorial Bridge; designating the section of State Route 403, also known as Cramer Pike, from the intersection with State Route 3041 in West Taylor Township, Cambria County, to the intersection with State Route 8010, Segment 250 (Ramp E) in East Wheatfield Township, Indiana County, as the Captain Harry G. Cramer Memorial Highway; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 173 between the southern border of Slippery Rock Township to the southern border of Slippery Rock Borough in Slippery Rock Township, Butler County, as the 173rd Airborne Brigade Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 53848, carrying Pennsylvania Route 36 over Canoe Creek in Bell Township, Jefferson County, as the PFC Larry E. Frantz Memorial Bridge; designating the interchange of U.S. Route 22/322 with Arch Rock Road in Fermanagh Township, Juniata County, as the Trooper Jacques F. Rougeau, Jr., Memorial Interchange; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47695, carrying U.S. Route 202 over Almshouse Road in Doylestown Township, Bucks County, as the CPT Connor J. Bednarzyk, USA Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 12099, carrying Pennsylvania Route 120, also known as Renovo Road, over Young Women's Creek in Chapman Township, Clinton County, as the Staff Sergeant John F. Curcio Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 44399, located on that portion of State Route 4049 over Interstate 70 in South Strabane Township, Washington County, as the Louis E. Waller Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 9570, on that portion of State Route 3049 over the Moshannon Creek in Rush Township, Centre County, as the Lance Corporal Michael P. Segich Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5759, located on that portion of State Route 3002 over South Poplar Run in Greenfield Township, Blair County, as the Corporal Clyde E. Walter, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 7178, carrying State Route 2018 over I-295 in Middletown Township, Bucks County, as the Staff Sgt. Jae S. Moon Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 445 from the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 45 to the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 192 in Millheim Borough and Penn Township, Centre County, as the Lieutenant General Robert D. Springer Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 55815, carrying State Route 1005 over Crooked Creek in Rayne Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant Charles R. Learn Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Pennsylvania Route 443 bridge, over the Little Schuylkill River, located in Walker Township, Schuylkill County, as the William Hoffman Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Park Road Bridge, located in Wyomissing, Berks County, as the Joseph Walker Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on U.S. Route 209 over Middle Creek, located in Polk Township, Monroe County, as the Charles Gardner Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, also known as the Bridge Street Bridge, located in Weissport Borough, Carbon County, as the Ralph Strubinger Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as U.S. Route 422 Bridge, over the Little Cacoosing Creek, located in Lower Heidelberg Township, Berks County, and South Heidelberg Township, Berks County, as the Wilbur Bohn Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, on Little Mountain Road over the Little Catawissa Creek, located in Union Township, Schuylkill County, as the Joseph Zienkiewicz Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, on Pennsylvania Route 191 over Brodhead Creek, located in Stroud Township, Monroe County, as the Gordon Brink Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, on Pennsylvania Route 924 over the railroad, located in Gilberton Borough, Monroe County, as the Walter Skubel Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, on Pennsylvania Route 512 over the Monocacy Creek, located in Bethlehem City, Northampton County, as the Raphael Rivera Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on Pennsylvania Route 443 over the Schuylkill River, located in Schuylkill Haven Borough, Schuylkill County, as the Caitlin McGarry Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 1013 (Academy Road) from the intersection with Cromwell Road to the intersection with Comly Road in Philadelphia, Philadelphia County, as the U.S. Army Ranger SPC Devin J. Kuhn Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8660, carrying State Route 3039 over the Conemaugh River in the City of Johnstown, Cambria County, as the Corporal Robert J. Rusnak Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11476, on State Route 322, also known as Nichols Street over the West Branch of the Susquehanna River in the Borough of Clearfield, Clearfield County, as the Walter Lane Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5221, carrying U.S. Route 422 Business, also known as Penn Street, over the Schuylkill River in the City of Reading, Berks County, as the Police Officer Scott A. Wertz Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 2005, known as Lehigh Street, in Allentown, Lehigh County, from Segment 0060/Offset 1800 to the intersection with Vultee Street, as the Chief Christopher Kiskeravage Memorial Highway; and making repeals.. Description: An Act designating the portion of Pennsylvania Route 41 (Gap Newport Pike) from the intersection with Bernard Avenue to the intersection with Highland Road in West Fallowfield Township, Chester County, as the Corporal Brandon Hardy Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 13775, carrying Pennsylvania Route 641 over Big Spring Creek on the border of Newville Borough and West Pennsboro Township, Cumberland County, as the SFC Randall Shughart Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Johnson Mill Road (State Route 1001) from the bridge over Buffalo Creek (Bridge Key 33467) to the intersection of Colonel John Kelly Road (State Route 1002) in Buffalo Township, Union County, as the Sgt. Edward L. Shannon Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 13617, carrying Pennsylvania Route 34, over Mountain Creek in Mount Holly Springs Borough, Cumberland County, as the Firefighter Jerome Guise Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8553, carrying State Route 1006 on Syberton Road over Clearfield Creek in Gallitzin Township, Cambria County, as the Private Martin J. Hanlon Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 36247, carrying Pennsylvania Route 711 over Loyalhanna Creek in Ligonier Township, Westmoreland County, as the Sergeant Alvin P. Carey and Private John C. Ewing Medal of Honor Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Keys 34474 and 34477, carrying Interstate 70 over Pennsylvania Route 18, on the border of Washington City and Canton Township, Washington County, as the Corporal Frank J. Sworden Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 310 between Knox Dale Road, also known as State Route 2023, and Ash Street in McCalmont Township, Jefferson County, as the Lance Cpl. Bernard Himes Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 33758, carrying Pennsylvania Route 427 over Sugar Creek in Sugarcreek Borough, Venango County, as the Staff Sergeant Richard James Mulholland Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8537, carrying Pennsylvania Route 869 over a tributary of the Little Conemaugh River in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Sergeant Vance Stephan Keslar Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8392, carrying Pennsylvania Route 53 over Bruebaker Run in Dean Township, Cambria County, as the U.S. Army Technical Sergeant Joseph F. Johnston Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43267, on that portion of State Route 3041, also known as Dishong Mountain Road, over U.S. Route 22 in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Technical Sergeant Mike Capelli Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45701, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over the Conemaugh River between Johnstown City and West Taylor Township, Cambria County, as the Captain Raymond W. Callahan, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8569, carrying State Route 1021 over Glendale Lake in White Township, Cambria County, as the CPL Reid Rex Ross 3 BT 26 Marine Reg. Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 56008, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over Stonycreek River in Johnstown City, Cambria County, as the Sgt. John C. Alaimo Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8444, carrying US Route 219 over Pennsylvania Route 56, also known as Scalp Avenue, in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Stanley Albert Stys Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8547, located on State Route 1002, also known as Friend Lea Road, over U.S. Route 219 in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Cyril T. Yeckley Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8654, carrying State Route 3035 over the Little Conemaugh River in East Taylor Township, Cambria County, as the East Taylor Township Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43558, carrying U.S. Route 22 over a tributary of Hinckston Run in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Officer Matthew Krupa Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 55994, carrying State Route 4002 over California Run in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Senior Chief Stanley "Stush" Kubat, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46706, carrying State Route 4001, also known as Iverson Road, over Stevens Run in Blacklick Township, Cambria County, as the PVT Donald D. Marsh Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19716, carrying State Route 2019 over Mahoning Creek in Bell Township, Jefferson County, as the SP4 Michael Raymond Ishman Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5550, carrying Woodbury Pike (Pennsylvania Route 36) over Halter Creek, spanning Blair and Freedom Townships, Blair County, as the Pvt. William E. Green Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41606, carrying State Route 3011, also known as Branch Road, over Spring Creek in College Township, Centre County, as the Petty Officer John W. Coble Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46159, carrying Pennsylvania Route 36 on Charger Highway, Blair Township, Blair County, as the Marine Lance Corporal Ralph Hammel Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52767, carrying West High Street (State Route 4031), crossing the Ghost Town Trail, located in Ebensburg Borough, Cambria County, as the Corpsman Charles Doerr, United States Navy, Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11781, on that portion of State Route 3004 over the West Branch Susquehanna River, Burnside Township, Clearfield County, as the United States Army Sergeant Harold Koller Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8555, carrying State Route 1007 over Chest Creek on the border of Allegheny Township and East Carroll Township, Cambria County, as the Sergeant Regis H. Driskel Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 143 in Lynn Township, Lehigh County, from the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 309 to the border of Berks County, as Heroes Highway, in honor of fallen firefighter Marvin Gruber and Assistant Fire Chief Zachary Paris; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47515, carrying Pennsylvania Route 286 over Blacklegs Creek in Conemaugh Township, Indiana County, as the Captain Robert M. Young Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8574, carrying State Route 1021 over Clearfield Creek in White Township, Cambria County, as the Charles Owen Jenkins, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45509, carrying U.S. Route 40 over Pennsylvania Route 43 in Redstone Township, Fayette County, as the PFC John Balog Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47947, carrying State Route 1054 over Indian Creek in Saltlick Township, Fayette County, as the Sgt. Earl D. Barkley Memorial Bridge; designating the section of State Route 403, also known as Cramer Pike, from the intersection with State Route 3041 in West Taylor Township, Cambria County, to the intersection with State Route 8010, Segment 250 (Ramp E) in East Wheatfield Township, Indiana County, as the Captain Harry G. Cramer Memorial Highway; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 173 between the southern border of Slippery Rock Township to the southern border of Slippery Rock Borough in Slippery Rock Township, Butler County, as the 173rd Airborne Brigade Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 53848, carrying Pennsylvania Route 36 over Canoe Creek in Bell Township, Jefferson County, as the PFC Larry E. Frantz Memorial Bridge; designating the interchange of U.S. Route 22/322 with Arch Rock Road in Fermanagh Township, Juniata County, as the Trooper Jacques F. Rougeau, Jr., Memorial Interchange; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47695, carrying U.S. Route 202 over Almshouse Road in Doylestown Township, Bucks County, as the CPT Connor J. Bednarzyk, USA Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 12099, carrying Pennsylvania Route 120, also known as Renovo Road, over Young Women's Creek in Chapman Township, Clinton County, as the Staff Sergeant John F. Curcio Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 44399, located on that portion of State Route 4049 over Interstate 70 in South Strabane Township, Washington County, as the Louis E. Waller Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 9570, on that portion of State Route 3049 over the Moshannon Creek in Rush Township, Centre County, as the Lance Corporal Michael P. Segich Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5759, located on that portion of State Route 3002 over South Poplar Run in Greenfield Township, Blair County, as the Corporal Clyde E. Walter, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 7178, carrying State Route 2018 over I-295 in Middletown Township, Bucks County, as the Staff Sgt. Jae S. Moon Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 445 from the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 45 to the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 192 in Millheim Borough and Penn Township, Centre County, as the Lieutenant General Robert D. Springer Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 55815, carrying State Route 1005 over Crooked Creek in Rayne Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant Charles R. Learn Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Pennsylvania Route 443 bridge, over the Little Schuylkill River, located in Walker Township, Schuylkill County, as the William Hoffman Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Park Road Bridge, located in Wyomissing, Berks County, as the Joseph Walker Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on U.S. Route 209 over Middle Creek, located in Polk Township, Monroe County, as the Charles Gardner Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, also known as the Bridge Street Bridge, located in Weissport Borough, Carbon County, as the Ralph Strubinger Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as U.S. Route 422 Bridge, over the Little Cacoosing Creek, located in Lower Heidelberg Township, Berks County, and South Heidelberg Township, Berks County, as the Wilbur Bohn Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, on Little Mountain Road over the Little Catawissa Creek, located in Union Township, Schuylkill County, as the Joseph Zienkiewicz Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, on Pennsylvania Route 191 over Brodhead Creek, located in Stroud Township, Monroe County, as the Gordon Brink Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, on Pennsylvania Route 924 over the railroad, located in Gilberton Borough, Monroe County, as the Walter Skubel Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, on Pennsylvania Route 512 over the Monocacy Creek, located in Bethlehem City, Northampton County, as the Raphael Rivera Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on Pennsylvania Route 443 over the Schuylkill River, located in Schuylkill Haven Borough, Schuylkill County, as the Caitlin McGarry Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 1013 (Academy Road) from the intersection with Cromwell Road to the intersection with Comly Road in Philadelphia, Philadelphia County, as the U.S. Army Ranger SPC Devin J. Kuhn Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8660, carrying State Route 3039 over the Conemaugh River in the City of Johnstown, Cambria County, as the Corporal Robert J. Rusnak Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11476, on State Route 322, also known as Nichols Street over the West Branch of the Susquehanna River in the Borough of Clearfield, Clearfield County, as the Walter Lane Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5221, carrying U.S. Route 422 Business, also known as Penn Street, over the Schuylkill River in the City of Reading, Berks County, as the Police Officer Scott A. Wertz Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 2005, known as Lehigh Street, in Allentown, Lehigh County, from Segment 0060/Offset 1800 to the intersection with Vultee Street, as the Chief Christopher Kiskeravage Memorial Highway; and making repeals.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52767, carrying West High Street (State Route 4031), crossing the Ghost Town Trail, located in Ebensburg Borough, Cambria County, as the Corpsman Charles Doerr, United States Navy, Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52767, carrying West High Street (State Route 4031), crossing the Ghost Town Trail, located in Ebensburg Borough, Cambria County, as the Corpsman Charles Doerr, United States Navy, Memorial Bridge.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In procedure, further providing for exceptions for public records.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 14, 2008 (P.L.6, No.3), known as the Right-to-Know Law, in procedure, further providing for exceptions for public records.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 375th anniversary of William Penn's birth.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 375th anniversary of William Penn's birth.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, providing for ten-year limitation for acquiring title to vacant land for gardens in cities of the first class.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, providing for ten-year limitation for acquiring title to vacant land for gardens in cities of the first class.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, further providing for Economic Education and Personal Financial Literacy Programs; in credit card marketing, further providing for regulation of on-campus credit card marketing; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, further providing for Economic Education and Personal Financial Literacy Programs; in credit card marketing, further providing for regulation of on-campus credit card marketing; and abrogating regulations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sales and use tax, further providing for. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in sales and use tax, further providing for
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in liquid fuels and fuels tax, further providing for definitions and for imposition of tax, exemptions and deductions and providing for electric vehicle road user charge; and imposing a penalty.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in liquid fuels and fuels tax, further providing for definitions and for imposition of tax, exemptions and deductions and providing for electric vehicle road user charge; and imposing a penalty.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In games of chance, providing for payment; and abrogating a regulation.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 19, 1988 (P.L.1262, No.156), known as the Local Option Small Games of Chance Act, in games of chance, providing for payment; and abrogating a regulation.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for certified medication aides; and imposing duties on the Department of Health.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, providing for certified medication aides; and imposing duties on the Department of Health.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for title of act; providing for local taxes in cities of the first class, for prohibition of tax on certain individuals and for reimbursement of taxes; and making repeals.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 31, 1965 (P.L.1257, No.511), known as The Local Tax Enabling Act, further providing for title of act; providing for local taxes in cities of the first class, for prohibition of tax on certain individuals and for reimbursement of taxes; and making repeals.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In public safety, providing for urine drug screening requirement and for xylazine awareness education.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in public safety, providing for urine drug screening requirement and for xylazine awareness education.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Agriculture and the Governor, to grant and convey to Joshua R. Snyder a certain tract of land located in Windsor Township, Berks County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Agriculture and the Governor, to grant and convey to Joshua R. Snyder a certain tract of land located in Windsor Township, Berks County.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in Pennsylvania Liquor Stores, further providing for sales by Pennsylvania Liquor Stores; in licenses and regulations relating to liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for liquor importers' licenses, fees, privileges and restrictions, providing for ready-to-drink cocktail permit and for authority to acquire ready-to-drink cocktail permits and further providing for distributors' and importing distributors' restrictions on sales, storage, etc, for unlawful acts relative to malt or brewed beverages and licensees, for unlawful acts relative to liquor, malt and brewed beverages and licensees; and, in distilleries, wineries, bonded warehouses, bailees for hire and transporters for hire, further providing for limited distilleries and distilleries.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in Pennsylvania Liquor Stores, further providing for sales by Pennsylvania Liquor Stores; in licenses and regulations relating to liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for liquor importers' licenses, fees, privileges and restrictions, providing for ready-to-drink cocktail permit and for authority to acquire ready-to-drink cocktail permits and further providing for distributors' and importing distributors' restrictions on sales, storage, etc, for unlawful acts relative to malt or brewed beverages and licensees, for unlawful acts relative to liquor, malt and brewed beverages and licensees; and, in distilleries, wineries, bonded warehouses, bailees for hire and transporters for hire, further providing for limited distilleries and distilleries.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for issuance of and conditions for continuous maintenance permits.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 26, 1978 (P.L.1375, No.325), known as the Dam Safety and Encroachments Act, providing for issuance of and conditions for continuous maintenance permits.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for county conservation district stream reconstruction emergency permit authorizations.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 26, 1978 (P.L.1375, No.325), known as the Dam Safety and Encroachments Act, providing for county conservation district stream reconstruction emergency permit authorizations.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In renaming Department of Environmental Resources and defining rulemaking authority of Department of Environmental Protection, repealing provisions relating to Department of Environmental Protection and providing for Department of Environmental Services; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 28, 1995 (P.L.89, No.18), known as the Conservation and Natural Resources Act, in renaming Department of Environmental Resources and defining rulemaking authority of Department of Environmental Protection, repealing provisions relating to Department of Environmental Protection and providing for Department of Environmental Services; and making editorial changes.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In fireworks, further providing for definitions, for sales locations and for Attorney General.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fireworks, further providing for definitions, for sales locations and for Attorney General.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In hunting and furtaking licenses, further providing for license requirements; and, in special licenses and permits, further providing for. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in hunting and furtaking licenses, further providing for license requirements; and, in special licenses and permits, further providing for
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, providing for advertising and sponsorships; in intermediate units, further providing for school safety and security enhancements; in professional employees, further providing for qualifications; in certification of teachers, further providing for State certificates, for career and technical instruction and for baccalaureate certification basic skills assessment; in Educator Pipeline Support Grant Program, further providing for definitions, for program establishment and duties of agency, for eligibility and for report; in school safety and security, further providing for School Safety and Security Grant Program, for school safety and security coordinator, for Targeted School Safety Grants for Nonpublic Schools and School Entities Program and for school safety and security training and providing for school safety and mental health grants for 2024-2025 school year; in school security, further providing for duties of commission, providing for school security personnel and establishing School Security Personnel Fund; in school security, further providing for duties of commission and providing for school security personnel and for School Security Personnel Fund; in school health services, further providing for vision screening and examinations; in Drug and Alcohol Recovery High School Program, further providing for establishment and payment of tuition; in administrative partnerships between school entities, further providing for legislative intent and for definitions, providing for instructional programming partnerships authorized, for school district feasibility study and for construction and further providing for establishment, for application, for grant awards, for technical assistance, for reports by school entities and for reports by department; in talent recruitment, further providing for Talent Recruitment Account; in charter schools, further providing for definitions, for charter school requirements, for powers of board of trustees, for facilities and for funding for charter schools, providing for funding for cyber charter schools, further providing for enrollment and notification and providing for enrollee wellness checks and for applicability of other provisions of this act and of other acts and regulations; in disability inclusive curriculum, further providing for department responsibilities; in Schools-to-Work-Program, repealing provisions relating to expiration; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments; in educational tax credits, further providing for definitions, for qualification and application by organizations, for tax credits and for limitations, repealing provisions relating to opportunity scholarships and providing for economically disadvantaged school scholarships; in course materials at institutions of higher education, repealing provisions relating to College Textbook Policies Advisory Committee; in sexual violence, dating violence, domestic violence and stalking education, prevention and response at institutions of higher education and private licensed schools, further providing for memorandum of understanding; in miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, repealing provisions relating to Public Higher Education Funding Commission; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2024-2025; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for payments on account of pupils enrolled in career and technical curriculums and for student-weighted basic education funding, providing for student-weighted basic education funding beginning with 2023-2024 school year, further providing for State reimbursement for health services, for payments to intermediate units, for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status and for Commonwealth reimbursements for charter schools and cyber charter schools, repealing provisions relating to administrative and instructional consolidation incentives and further providing for Ready-to-Learn Block Grant; in State Board of Education, further providing for powers and duties of the board; in construction and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for applicability; in School Environmental Repairs Program, further providing for School Environmental Repairs Program Restricted Account and for School Environmental Repairs Program; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, providing for advertising and sponsorships; in intermediate units, further providing for school safety and security enhancements; in professional employees, further providing for qualifications; in certification of teachers, further providing for State certificates, for career and technical instruction and for baccalaureate certification basic skills assessment; in Educator Pipeline Support Grant Program, further providing for definitions, for program establishment and duties of agency, for eligibility and for report; in school safety and security, further providing for School Safety and Security Grant Program, for school safety and security coordinator, for Targeted School Safety Grants for Nonpublic Schools and School Entities Program and for school safety and security training and providing for school safety and mental health grants for 2024-2025 school year; in school security, further providing for duties of commission, providing for school security personnel and establishing School Security Personnel Fund; in school security, further providing for duties of commission and providing for school security personnel and for School Security Personnel Fund; in school health services, further providing for vision screening and examinations; in Drug and Alcohol Recovery High School Program, further providing for establishment and payment of tuition; in administrative partnerships between school entities, further providing for legislative intent and for definitions, providing for instructional programming partnerships authorized, for school district feasibility study and for construction and further providing for establishment, for application, for grant awards, for technical assistance, for reports by school entities and for reports by department; in talent recruitment, further providing for Talent Recruitment Account; in charter schools, further providing for definitions, for charter school requirements, for powers of board of trustees, for facilities and for funding for charter schools, providing for funding for cyber charter schools, further providing for enrollment and notification and providing for enrollee wellness checks and for applicability of other provisions of this act and of other acts and regulations; in disability inclusive curriculum, further providing for department responsibilities; in Schools-to-Work-Program, repealing provisions relating to expiration; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments; in educational tax credits, further providing for definitions, for qualification and application by organizations, for tax credits and for limitations, repealing provisions relating to opportunity scholarships and providing for economically disadvantaged school scholarships; in course materials at institutions of higher education, repealing provisions relating to College Textbook Policies Advisory Committee; in sexual violence, dating violence, domestic violence and stalking education, prevention and response at institutions of higher education and private licensed schools, further providing for memorandum of understanding; in miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, repealing provisions relating to Public Higher Education Funding Commission; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2024-2025; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for payments on account of pupils enrolled in career and technical curriculums and for student-weighted basic education funding, providing for student-weighted basic education funding beginning with 2023-2024 school year, further providing for State reimbursement for health services, for payments to intermediate units, for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status and for Commonwealth reimbursements for charter schools and cyber charter schools, repealing provisions relating to administrative and instructional consolidation incentives and further providing for Ready-to-Learn Block Grant; in State Board of Education, further providing for powers and duties of the board; in construction and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for applicability; in School Environmental Repairs Program, further providing for School Environmental Repairs Program Restricted Account and for School Environmental Repairs Program; and making editorial changes.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In game or wildlife protection, further providing for the offense of unlawful taking and possession of protected birds and for endangered or threatened species.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in game or wildlife protection, further providing for the offense of unlawful taking and possession of protected birds and for endangered or threatened species.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for exemptions and providing for advertisements for laboratory tests and for source plasma donation center; and abrogating a regulation.. Description: An Act amending the act of September 26, 1951 (P.L.1539, No.389), known as The Clinical Laboratory Act, further providing for definitions and for exemptions and providing for advertisements for laboratory tests and for source plasma donation center; and abrogating a regulation.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Women, Infants and Children State Advisory Board.. Description: An Act establishing the Women, Infants and Children State Advisory Board.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for telemedicine.. Description: An Act amending Title 40 (Insurance) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for telemedicine.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In auditors and accountants, further providing for auditor's compensation.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in auditors and accountants, further providing for auditor's compensation.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In bank and trust company shares tax, further providing for ascertainment of taxable amount and exclusion of United States obligations; and providing for ascertainment of taxable amount and construction.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in bank and trust company shares tax, further providing for ascertainment of taxable amount and exclusion of United States obligations; and providing for ascertainment of taxable amount and construction.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In contracts for public works, providing for contracts for information technology commodities and services.. Description: An Act amending Title 62 (Procurement) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in contracts for public works, providing for contracts for information technology commodities and services.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In short title and definitions, further providing for definitions; in licenses, tags and kennels, further providing for issuance of dog licenses, compensation, proof required, deposit of funds, records, license sales, rules and regulations, failure to comply, unlawful acts and penalty, for applications for dog licenses, fees and penalties, for kennels, for requirements for kennels, for revocation or refusal of kennel licenses, for dogs temporarily in the Commonwealth and for health certificates for importation; in offenses of dogs, further providing for dog bites and detentions and isolation of dogs; in dangerous dogs, further providing for court proceedings, certificate of registration and disposition, for requirements, for public safety and penalties and for construction of article; in injury to dogs, further providing for selling, bartering or trading dogs; in enforcement and penalties, further providing for enforcement of this act by the secretary and provisions for inspections and for enforcement and penalties; in sterilization of dogs and cats, further providing for definitions; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 7, 1982 (P.L.784, No.225), known as the Dog Law, in short title and definitions, further providing for definitions; in licenses, tags and kennels, further providing for issuance of dog licenses, compensation, proof required, deposit of funds, records, license sales, rules and regulations, failure to comply, unlawful acts and penalty, for applications for dog licenses, fees and penalties, for kennels, for requirements for kennels, for revocation or refusal of kennel licenses, for dogs temporarily in the Commonwealth and for health certificates for importation; in offenses of dogs, further providing for dog bites and detentions and isolation of dogs; in dangerous dogs, further providing for court proceedings, certificate of registration and disposition, for requirements, for public safety and penalties and for construction of article; in injury to dogs, further providing for selling, bartering or trading dogs; in enforcement and penalties, further providing for enforcement of this act by the secretary and provisions for inspections and for enforcement and penalties; in sterilization of dogs and cats, further providing for definitions; and imposing penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In auditors and accountants, further providing for surcharge by auditors; and, in township manager, further providing for township manager, appointment, removal, powers and duties, compensation and bond.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in auditors and accountants, further providing for surcharge by auditors; and, in township manager, further providing for township manager, appointment, removal, powers and duties, compensation and bond.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In high schools, providing for Free Application for Federal Student Aid.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in high schools, providing for Free Application for Federal Student Aid.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In associations and organizations, further providing for associations and organizations for mayors; in elections of officers, further providing for eligibility, for officers elected and for decrease in number of members of council; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for appointments and incompatible offices and for police serving under cooperative agreement or contract; in corporate powers, further providing for specific powers; in taxation and finance, further providing for investment of funds; providing for solid waste collection and disposition; in ordinances, further providing for ordinances and resolutions and for publication; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in associations and organizations, further providing for associations and organizations for mayors; in elections of officers, further providing for eligibility, for officers elected and for decrease in number of members of council; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for appointments and incompatible offices and for police serving under cooperative agreement or contract; in corporate powers, further providing for specific powers; in taxation and finance, further providing for investment of funds; providing for solid waste collection and disposition; in ordinances, further providing for ordinances and resolutions and for publication; and making an editorial change.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, providing for certain transmittals and submissions to governmental bodies.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 31, 1968 (P.L.805, No.247), known as the Pennsylvania Municipalities Planning Code, in general provisions, providing for certain transmittals and submissions to governmental bodies.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for manufacturing, for materials and for enforcement; and providing for labeling.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 25, 1961 (P.L.857, No.372), referred to as the Stuffed Toy Manufacturing Act, further providing for definitions, for manufacturing, for materials and for enforcement; and providing for labeling.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Treasury Department, establishing the Pennsylvania Award for Student Success Scholarship Program and the Pennsylvania Award for Student Success Scholarship Fund; in bonus and tax reports and returns and reports and records relating to tax collections, further providing for confidential information; in tax credits, further providing for Department of Community and Economic Development; in 2022-2023 budget implementation, further providing for Department of Education; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in Treasury Department, establishing the Pennsylvania Award for Student Success Scholarship Program and the Pennsylvania Award for Student Success Scholarship Fund; in bonus and tax reports and returns and reports and records relating to tax collections, further providing for confidential information; in tax credits, further providing for Department of Community and Economic Development; in 2022-2023 budget implementation, further providing for Department of Education; and making a repeal.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in local workforce development areas and regions and local workforce development boards, further providing for plan, functions and responsibilities and providing for technical assistance and data availability and for local performance accountability.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 18, 2001 (P.L.949, No.114), known as the Workforce Development Act, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in local workforce development areas and regions and local workforce development boards, further providing for plan, functions and responsibilities and providing for technical assistance and data availability and for local performance accountability.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties of elected officials, further providing for surcharge by auditors; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for borough manager created by ordinance and election, for powers and duties, for other offices not incompatible and for organization of commission; and, in taxation and finance, further providing for preparation of budget.. Description: An Act amending Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties of elected officials, further providing for surcharge by auditors; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for borough manager created by ordinance and election, for powers and duties, for other offices not incompatible and for organization of commission; and, in taxation and finance, further providing for preparation of budget.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, further providing for State Planning Board.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, further providing for State Planning Board.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 143 in Lynn Township, Lehigh County, from the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 309 to the border of Berks County, as Heroes Highway, in honor of fallen firefighter Marvin Gruber and Assistant Fire Chief Zachary Paris.. Description: An Act designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 143 in Lynn Township, Lehigh County, from the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 309 to the border of Berks County, as Heroes Highway, in honor of fallen firefighter Marvin Gruber and Assistant Fire Chief Zachary Paris.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in medical marijuana organizations, further providing for application and issuance, for limitations on permits and providing for additional dispensary and grower/processor permits authorized, for application and issuance of additional permits and for limitations on other additional permits or licenses; and, in academic clinical research centers and clinical registrants, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 17, 2016 (P.L.84, No.16), known as the Medical Marijuana Act, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in medical marijuana organizations, further providing for application and issuance, for limitations on permits and providing for additional dispensary and grower/processor permits authorized, for application and issuance of additional permits and for limitations on other additional permits or licenses; and, in academic clinical research centers and clinical registrants, further providing for definitions.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In city administrator, further providing for appointment of city administrator, for employment agreement, for residency and elective city office and for powers and duties; and, in accounts and finances, further providing for powers and duties of chief fiscal officer.. Description: An Act amending Title 11 (Cities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in city administrator, further providing for appointment of city administrator, for employment agreement, for residency and elective city office and for powers and duties; and, in accounts and finances, further providing for powers and duties of chief fiscal officer.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for scope of subchapter, providing for definitions, further providing for establishment and designation, providing for emergency meetings by authorized telecommunications device, repealing provisions relating to exercise of powers and functions, further providing for declaration of policy and for definitions, repealing provisions relating to enabling authority for emergency interim successors for local offices, further providing for emergency interim successors for local officers and for succession period and repealing provisions relating to term and removal of designees.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for scope of subchapter, providing for definitions, further providing for establishment and designation, providing for emergency meetings by authorized telecommunications device, repealing provisions relating to exercise of powers and functions, further providing for declaration of policy and for definitions, repealing provisions relating to enabling authority for emergency interim successors for local offices, further providing for emergency interim successors for local officers and for succession period and repealing provisions relating to term and removal of designees.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to home rule and optional plan government, further providing for definitions, providing for appointment of government study commission in distressed municipality and further providing for first meeting of commission, for function and duty of commission, for hearings and public forums, for report of findings and recommendations, for limitation on enactment of ordinance or filing of petition and for limitation on municipal powers.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions relating to home rule and optional plan government, further providing for definitions, providing for appointment of government study commission in distressed municipality and further providing for first meeting of commission, for function and duty of commission, for hearings and public forums, for report of findings and recommendations, for limitation on enactment of ordinance or filing of petition and for limitation on municipal powers.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In emergency management services, providing for counterterrorism planning, preparedness and response; in Emergency Management Assistance Compact, providing for construction; and making repeals.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in emergency management services, providing for counterterrorism planning, preparedness and response; in Emergency Management Assistance Compact, providing for construction; and making repeals.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In supplemental funding for municipal highway maintenance, further providing for supplemental funding for municipal highway maintenance; and, in taxes for highway maintenance and construction,. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in supplemental funding for municipal highway maintenance, further providing for supplemental funding for municipal highway maintenance; and, in taxes for highway maintenance and construction,
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In certification of teachers, further providing for teacher. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in certification of teachers, further providing for teacher
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In assault, providing for the offense of harassment of sports official.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, providing for the offense of harassment of sports official.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for imposition of tax and for taxability of estates, trusts and their beneficiaries; and, in corporate net income tax, further providing for manufacturing innovation and reinvestment deduction.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for imposition of tax and for taxability of estates, trusts and their beneficiaries; and, in corporate net income tax, further providing for manufacturing innovation and reinvestment deduction.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In burglary and other criminal intrusion, providing for offenses relating to critical infrastructure facilities; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in burglary and other criminal intrusion, providing for offenses relating to critical infrastructure facilities; and imposing penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for notification of the breach of the security of the system and for notification of consumer reporting agencies; and providing for credit reporting and monitoring.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 22, 2005 (P.L.474, No.94), known as the Breach of Personal Information Notification Act, further providing for definitions, for notification of the breach of the security of the system and for notification of consumer reporting agencies; and providing for credit reporting and monitoring.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission and the Governor, to grant and convey certain easements through and across lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the Township of Manheim, County of Lancaster, for purposes of a road realignment project and to accept from the Township of Manheim existing right-of-way to be abandoned as part of the road realignment project; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey to Drexel University, permanent easement encumbering certain lands situate in the City and County of Philadelphia; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the City of Philadelphia certain land, buildings and improvements situated in the 40th ward of the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County; authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain land owned by Lower Salford Township, Montgomery County, in return for the development of a hiking trail and scenic viewing area in Lower Salford Township, Montgomery County; revoking a use restriction; and making repeals.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission and the Governor, to grant and convey certain easements through and across lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the Township of Manheim, County of Lancaster, for purposes of a road realignment project and to accept from the Township of Manheim existing right-of-way to be abandoned as part of the road realignment project; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey to Drexel University, permanent easement encumbering certain lands situate in the City and County of Philadelphia; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the City of Philadelphia certain land, buildings and improvements situated in the 40th ward of the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County; authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain land owned by Lower Salford Township, Montgomery County, in return for the development of a hiking trail and scenic viewing area in Lower Salford Township, Montgomery County; revoking a use restriction; and making repeals.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the injection of carbon dioxide into an underground reservoir for the purpose of carbon sequestration, for the ownership of pore space in strata below surface lands and waters of the Commonwealth, for conveyance of the surface ownership of real property; imposing duties on the Department of Environmental Protection and the Environmental Hearing Board; and establishing the Carbon Dioxide Storage Facility Fund.. Description: An Act providing for the injection of carbon dioxide into an underground reservoir for the purpose of carbon sequestration, for the ownership of pore space in strata below surface lands and waters of the Commonwealth, for conveyance of the surface ownership of real property; imposing duties on the Department of Environmental Protection and the Environmental Hearing Board; and establishing the Carbon Dioxide Storage Facility Fund.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Energy Development Authority and emergency powers, further providing for definitions and for Energy Development Authority; providing for Energy Development and Electric Generation Permit Review Program, for Accelerated Energy Development and Electric Generation Permit Review Program and for Pennsylvania Opportunities with Energy Reliability Authority Regulatory Waiver Program; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Energy Development Authority and emergency powers, further providing for definitions and for Energy Development Authority; providing for Energy Development and Electric Generation Permit Review Program, for Accelerated Energy Development and Electric Generation Permit Review Program and for Pennsylvania Opportunities with Energy Reliability Authority Regulatory Waiver Program; and making editorial changes.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In employees, further providing for definitions and for powers and duties of commission.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in employees, further providing for definitions and for powers and duties of commission.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for order of probation, for conditions of probation and for modification or revocation of order of probation and providing for probation review conference.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for order of probation, for conditions of probation and for modification or revocation of order of probation and providing for probation review conference.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Alzheimer's, Dementia and Related Disorders Office and the Alzheimer's, Dementia and Related Disorders Advisory Committee.. Description: An Act establishing the Alzheimer's, Dementia and Related Disorders Office and the Alzheimer's, Dementia and Related Disorders Advisory Committee.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for Special Education Funding Commission, for Basic Education Funding Commission and for Commission on Education and Economic Competitiveness and providing for public job posting database, for instructional vacancy data and for data transparency; providing for Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact; in drug and alcohol recovery high school program, further providing for scope of program and selection of students, providing for enrollment of students and further providing for academic programs; in terms and courses of study, further providing for Economic Education and Personal Financial Literacy Programs; in early learning programs, providing for quarterly reporting; in high schools, further providing for attendance in other districts; in educational tax credits, further providing for definitions; in credit card marketing, further providing for regulation of on-campus credit card marketing; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, further providing for Special Education Funding Commission, for Basic Education Funding Commission and for Commission on Education and Economic Competitiveness and providing for public job posting database, for instructional vacancy data and for data transparency; providing for Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact; in drug and alcohol recovery high school program, further providing for scope of program and selection of students, providing for enrollment of students and further providing for academic programs; in terms and courses of study, further providing for Economic Education and Personal Financial Literacy Programs; in early learning programs, providing for quarterly reporting; in high schools, further providing for attendance in other districts; in educational tax credits, further providing for definitions; in credit card marketing, further providing for regulation of on-campus credit card marketing; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status; and abrogating regulations.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain land owned by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission in Overfield Township, Wyoming County.. Description: An Act authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain land owned by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission in Overfield Township, Wyoming County.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, further providing for enforcement of failure to stop for school bus with flashing red lights; imposing a penalty; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, further providing for enforcement of failure to stop for school bus with flashing red lights; imposing a penalty; and making an editorial change.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for city classification; making a repeal; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 11 (Cities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for city classification; making a repeal; and making editorial changes.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In regulation of cemetery companies, further providing for initial deposits by newly-organized cemetery companies and for registration and filing affidavit of compliance.. Description: An Act amending Title 9 (Burial Grounds) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in regulation of cemetery companies, further providing for initial deposits by newly-organized cemetery companies and for registration and filing affidavit of compliance.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licensing of drivers, further providing for schedule of convictions and points; in rules of the road in general, further providing for meeting or overtaking school bus; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in licensing of drivers, further providing for schedule of convictions and points; in rules of the road in general, further providing for meeting or overtaking school bus; and imposing penalties.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties, further providing for civil penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties, further providing for civil penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for parental consent for virtual mental health services provided by a school entity.. Description: An Act providing for parental consent for virtual mental health services provided by a school entity.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In school safety and security, further providing for school. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school safety and security, further providing for school
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, further providing for lost, stolen, damaged or illegible registration plate.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, further providing for lost, stolen, damaged or illegible registration plate.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, further providing for lost, stolen, damaged or illegible registration plate and for use of farm vehicle plates, providing for Pennsylvania Sportsman plate and establishing the Youth Hunting and Fishing Restricted Account.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, further providing for lost, stolen, damaged or illegible registration plate and for use of farm vehicle plates, providing for Pennsylvania Sportsman plate and establishing the Youth Hunting and Fishing Restricted Account.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions; providing for sexual assault evidence tracking system; further providing for rights of sexual assault victims and for report by Pennsylvania State Police; and providing for waiver for victim.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 29, 2006 (P.L.1471, No.165), known as the Sexual Assault Testing and Evidence Collection Act, further providing for definitions; providing for sexual assault evidence tracking system; further providing for rights of sexual assault victims and for report by Pennsylvania State Police; and providing for waiver for victim.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, further providing for advisory councils for veterans' homes.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, further providing for advisory councils for veterans' homes.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In repeals, further providing for general repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 31, 1968 (P.L.805, No.247), known as the Pennsylvania Municipalities Planning Code, in repeals, further providing for general repeal.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties and providing for regulatory flexibility during opioid epidemic.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties and providing for regulatory flexibility during opioid epidemic.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for scope and purpose; further providing for definitions, for licensure of limited lines travel insurance producers, for requirements for sale of travel insurance and for policy; and providing for travel protection plans, for sales practices, for travel administrators, for filing classification and for regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 31, 2018 (P.L.125, No.26), known as the Travel Insurance Modernization Act, providing for scope and purpose; further providing for definitions, for licensure of limited lines travel insurance producers, for requirements for sale of travel insurance and for policy; and providing for travel protection plans, for sales practices, for travel administrators, for filing classification and for regulations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Consolidating the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code; and making repeals.. Description: An Act amending Title 16 (Counties) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, consolidating the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code; and making repeals.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 42031, located on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over Pentz Run on the border of Sandy Township and the City of DuBois, Clearfield County, as the Trooper First Class Brad Wilson Honorary Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 42031, located on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over Pentz Run on the border of Sandy Township and the City of DuBois, Clearfield County, as the Trooper First Class Brad Wilson Honorary Bridge.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for authority to control.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 14, 1972 (P.L.233, No.64), known as The Controlled Substance, Drug, Device and Cosmetic Act, further providing for authority to control.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the roundabout connecting U.S. Route 209 and Pleasant Valley Lane near the Pleasant Valley High School in Brodheadsville, in Monroe County, as the Schyler Herman Memorial Roundabout.. Description: An Act designating the roundabout connecting U.S. Route 209 and Pleasant Valley Lane near the Pleasant Valley High School in Brodheadsville, in Monroe County, as the Schyler Herman Memorial Roundabout.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, providing for coverage of rapid whole genome sequencing.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, providing for coverage of rapid whole genome sequencing.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In student supports, providing for parental and employee notification of weapon incidents.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in student supports, providing for parental and employee notification of weapon incidents.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, providing for veteran of Korean Armed Forces.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, providing for veteran of Korean Armed Forces.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of terroristic threats.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of terroristic threats.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In miscellaneous provisions relating to operation of vehicles, providing for the offense of interference with operation or movement of a public transit vehicle.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in miscellaneous provisions relating to operation of vehicles, providing for the offense of interference with operation or movement of a public transit vehicle.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In auditors and accountants, further providing for appointment of accountant.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in auditors and accountants, further providing for appointment of accountant.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In domestic animals, providing for posted notice with information on dangerous transmissible diseases.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in domestic animals, providing for posted notice with information on dangerous transmissible diseases.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In contracts, further providing for letting contracts.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in contracts, further providing for letting contracts.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, further providing for racing on highways; in enforcement, further providing for disposition of impounded vehicles, combinations and loads; in penalties and disposition of fines, further providing for subsequent convictions of certain offenses; imposing penalties; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, further providing for racing on highways; in enforcement, further providing for disposition of impounded vehicles, combinations and loads; in penalties and disposition of fines, further providing for subsequent convictions of certain offenses; imposing penalties; and making editorial changes.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: To provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Legislative Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act to provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Legislative Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2023, to June 30, 2024, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from the Philadelphia Taxicab and. Description: An Act making an appropriation from the Philadelphia Taxicab and
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025.. Description: An Act making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2025, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In responsible utility customer protection, further providing for declaration of policy, for definitions, for cash deposits and household information requirements, for payment arrangements, for termination of utility service, for reconnection of service, for public utility duties, for reporting of recipients of public assistance, for liens by city natural gas distribution operations, for reporting to General Assembly and Governor and for nonapplicability and repealing provisions relating to expiration.. Description: An Act amending Title 66 (Public Utilities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in responsible utility customer protection, further providing for declaration of policy, for definitions, for cash deposits and household information requirements, for payment arrangements, for termination of utility service, for reconnection of service, for public utility duties, for reporting of recipients of public assistance, for liens by city natural gas distribution operations, for reporting to General Assembly and Governor and for nonapplicability and repealing provisions relating to expiration.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In practice and procedure, providing for child victims and witnesses.. Description: An Act amending Title 2 (Administrative Law and Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in practice and procedure, providing for child victims and witnesses.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5796, carrying State Route 4001 over U.S. Route 22 in Allegheny Township, Blair County, as the LCPL Ralph J. Fabbri USMC Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5796, carrying State Route 4001 over U.S. Route 22 in Allegheny Township, Blair County, as the LCPL Ralph J. Fabbri USMC Memorial Bridge.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of December 19, 1975 (P.L.604, No.173), entitled "An act to facilitate the use of electronic funds transfer systems by providing that credits to accounts in financial institutions designated by recipients shall satisfy legal requirements for payments by cash or checks," further providing for electronic funds transfers, for consumer protections and for payroll card accounts.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 19, 1975 (P.L.604, No.173), entitled "An act to facilitate the use of electronic funds transfer systems by providing that credits to accounts in financial institutions designated by recipients shall satisfy legal requirements for payments by cash or checks," further providing for electronic funds transfers, for consumer protections and for payroll card accounts.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for practice without license prohibited, for eligibility requirements for examination, for limited licenses, for requirements of a school of cosmetology, for practice in licensed salons only, for booth rental prohibited, for sanitary rules and for fees; providing for municipal registration, business license and taxes; further providing for duration and renewal of licenses and for penalties; and providing for waiver of certain fees, fines and penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 3, 1933 (P.L.242, No.86), referred to as the Cosmetology Law, further providing for definitions, for practice without license prohibited, for eligibility requirements for examination, for limited licenses, for requirements of a school of cosmetology, for practice in licensed salons only, for booth rental prohibited, for sanitary rules and for fees; providing for municipal registration, business license and taxes; further providing for duration and renewal of licenses and for penalties; and providing for waiver of certain fees, fines and penalties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 31 from the intersection with First Street to the intersection with Yoder Avenue in the Borough of Mount Pleasant, Westmoreland County, as the Mayor Gerald D. Lucia Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 31 from the intersection with First Street to the intersection with Yoder Avenue in the Borough of Mount Pleasant, Westmoreland County, as the Mayor Gerald D. Lucia Memorial Highway.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In corporate net income tax, further providing for definitions; in procedure and administration, further providing for petition for reassessment and for review by board and providing for settlement conference process, for closing agreements and for report to General Assembly; and, in general provisions, further providing for timely filing.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in corporate net income tax, further providing for definitions; in procedure and administration, further providing for petition for reassessment and for review by board and providing for settlement conference process, for closing agreements and for report to General Assembly; and, in general provisions, further providing for timely filing.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for establishment and design; and providing for entry requirements for EMS providers.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 3, 2022 (P.L.2158, No.158), known as the Overdose Mapping Act, further providing for definitions and for establishment and design; and providing for entry requirements for EMS providers.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Treasury Department, further providing for investment of moneys; establishing the Keystone Saves Program, the Keystone Saves Program Fund, the Keystone Saves Administrative Fund and the Keystone Saves Program Advisory Board; providing for powers and duties of the Treasury Department, for investment and fiduciary responsibilities and for program implementation; and providing for the electric vehicle road user charge effective date.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in Treasury Department, further providing for investment of moneys; establishing the Keystone Saves Program, the Keystone Saves Program Fund, the Keystone Saves Administrative Fund and the Keystone Saves Program Advisory Board; providing for powers and duties of the Treasury Department, for investment and fiduciary responsibilities and for program implementation; and providing for the electric vehicle road user charge effective date.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the abrogation of regulations relating to the CO2 Budget Trading Program.. Description: An Act providing for the abrogation of regulations relating to the CO2 Budget Trading Program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in death and fetal death registration, providing for pronouncement of death by a practical nurse; and, in records, further providing for fees for copies.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 29, 1953 (P.L.304, No.66), known as the Vital Statistics Law of 1953, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in death and fetal death registration, providing for pronouncement of death by a practical nurse; and, in records, further providing for fees for copies.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Extensively revising the Uniform Commercial Code to accommodate emerging technologies utilized in commercial transactions: In general provisions: Further providing for general definitions, for value, for territorial applicability and parties' power to choose applicable law and for waiver or renunciation of claim or right after breach. In sales: Further providing for scope and certain security and other transactions excluded from division, for definitions of "contract," "agreement," "contract for sale," "sale," "present sale," "conforming" to contract, "termination" and "cancellation," for formal requirements and statute of frauds, for final written expression and parol or extrinsic evidence, for seals inoperative, for firm offers and for modification, rescission and waiver. In leases: Further providing for scope, for definitions and index of definitions, for waiver or renunciation of claim or right after default, for statute of frauds, for final written expression and parol or extrinsic evidence, for seals inoperative, for firm offers, for modification, rescission and waiver and for exclusion or modification of warranties. In negotiable instruments: Further providing for negotiable instrument, for issue of instrument, for signature and for discharge by cancellation or renunciation. In funds transfers: Further providing for payment order and definitions, for security procedure, for authorized and verified payment orders, for unenforceability of certain verified payment orders, for misdescription of beneficiary, for misdescription of intermediary bank or beneficiary's bank, for rejection of payment order, for cancellation and amendment of payment order and for liability for late or improper execution or failure to execute payment order. In letters of credit: Further providing for formal requirements and for choice of law and forum. In warehouse receipts, bills of lading and other documents of title: Further providing for definitions and index of definitions and for control of electronic document of title. In investment securities: Further providing for definitions, for rules for determining whether certain obligations and interests are securities or financial assets, for control, for applicability and choice of law and for protected purchaser. In secured transactions: Further providing for definitions and index of definitions, for control of deposit account and for control of electronic chattel paper. Providing for control of controllable electronic record, controllable account or controllable payment intangible. Further providing for attachment and enforceability of security interest, proceeds, supporting obligations and formal requisites, for after-acquired property and future advances, for rights and duties of secured party having possession or control of collateral, for additional duties of secured party having control of collateral, for duties of secured party if account debtor has been notified of assignment, for request for accounting and request regarding list of collateral or statement of account, for law governing perfection and priority of security interests, for law governing perfection and priority of security interests in deposit accounts and for law governing perfection and priority of security interests in investment property. Providing for law governing perfection and priority of security interests in chattel paper and for law governing perfection and priority of security interests in controllable accounts, controllable electronic records and controllable payment intangibles. Further providing for when filing required to perfect security interest or agricultural lien and security interests and agricultural liens to which filing provisions do not apply, for perfection of security interests in chattel paper, deposit accounts, documents, goods covered by documents, instruments, investment property, letter-of-credit rights and money, perfection by permissive filing and temporary perfection without filing or transfer of possession, for when possession by or delivery to secured party perfects security interest without filing and for perfection by control. Providing for perfection by possession and control of chattel paper. Further providing for effect of change in governing law, for interests which take priority over or take free of security interest or agricultural lien, for priorities among conflicting security interests in and agricultural liens on same collateral, for future advances and for priority of purchase-money security interests. Providing for priority of security interest in controllable account, controllable electronic record and controllable payment intangible. Further providing for priority of purchaser of chattel paper or instrument, for priority of rights of purchasers of instruments, documents and securities under other divisions, priority of interests in financial assets and security entitlements under Division 8, for transfer of money and transfer of funds from deposit account, for priority of security interests in fixtures and crops, for bank's rights and duties with respect to deposit account, for rights acquired by assignee and claims and defenses against assignee, for discharge of account debtor, notification of assignment, identification and proof of assignment, restrictions on assignment of accounts, chattel paper, payment intangibles and promissory notes ineffective, for restrictions on assignment of promissory notes, health-care-insurance receivables and certain general intangibles ineffective, for persons entitled to file a record, for termination statement, for rights after default, judicial enforcement and consignor or buyer of accounts, chattel paper, payment intangibles or promissory notes, for unknown debtor or secondary obligor, for application of proceeds of collection or enforcement and liability for deficiency and right to surplus, for notification before disposition of collateral, for contents and form of notification before disposition of collateral, general, for contents and form of notification before disposition of collateral, consumer-goods transaction, for application of proceeds of disposition and liability for deficiency and right to surplus, for explanation of calculation of surplus or deficiency, for transfer of record or legal title, for acceptance of collateral in full or partial satisfaction of obligation and compulsory disposition of collateral, for notification of proposal to accept collateral, for waiver and for nonliability and limitation on liability of secured party and liability of secondary obligor. In controllable electronic records: Providing for short title of division, for definitions, for relation to Division 9 and consumer laws, for rights in controllable account, controllable electronic record and controllable payment intangible, for control of controllable electronic record, for discharge of account debtor on controllable account or controllable payment intangible and for governing law. Providing for transition. In decedents, estates and fiduciaries, in powers of attorney: Further providing for authority that requires specific and general grant of authority. Making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Titles 13 (Commercial Code) and 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, extensively revising the Uniform Commercial Code to accommodate emerging technologies utilized in commercial transactions: In general provisions: Further providing for general definitions, for value, for territorial applicability and parties' power to choose applicable law and for waiver or renunciation of claim or right after breach. In sales: Further providing for scope and certain security and other transactions excluded from division, for definitions of "contract," "agreement," "contract for sale," "sale," "present sale," "conforming" to contract, "termination" and "cancellation," for formal requirements and statute of frauds, for final written expression and parol or extrinsic evidence, for seals inoperative, for firm offers and for modification, rescission and waiver. In leases: Further providing for scope, for definitions and index of definitions, for waiver or renunciation of claim or right after default, for statute of frauds, for final written expression and parol or extrinsic evidence, for seals inoperative, for firm offers, for modification, rescission and waiver and for exclusion or modification of warranties. In negotiable instruments: Further providing for negotiable instrument, for issue of instrument, for signature and for discharge by cancellation or renunciation. In funds transfers: Further providing for payment order and definitions, for security procedure, for authorized and verified payment orders, for unenforceability of certain verified payment orders, for misdescription of beneficiary, for misdescription of intermediary bank or beneficiary's bank, for rejection of payment order, for cancellation and amendment of payment order and for liability for late or improper execution or failure to execute payment order. In letters of credit: Further providing for formal requirements and for choice of law and forum. In warehouse receipts, bills of lading and other documents of title: Further providing for definitions and index of definitions and for control of electronic document of title. In investment securities: Further providing for definitions, for rules for determining whether certain obligations and interests are securities or financial assets, for control, for applicability and choice of law and for protected purchaser. In secured transactions: Further providing for definitions and index of definitions, for control of deposit account and for control of electronic chattel paper. Providing for control of controllable electronic record, controllable account or controllable payment intangible. Further providing for attachment and enforceability of security interest, proceeds, supporting obligations and formal requisites, for after-acquired property and future advances, for rights and duties of secured party having possession or control of collateral, for additional duties of secured party having control of collateral, for duties of secured party if account debtor has been notified of assignment, for request for accounting and request regarding list of collateral or statement of account, for law governing perfection and priority of security interests, for law governing perfection and priority of security interests in deposit accounts and for law governing perfection and priority of security interests in investment property. Providing for law governing perfection and priority of security interests in chattel paper and for law governing perfection and priority of security interests in controllable accounts, controllable electronic records and controllable payment intangibles. Further providing for when filing required to perfect security interest or agricultural lien and security interests and agricultural liens to which filing provisions do not apply, for perfection of security interests in chattel paper, deposit accounts, documents, goods covered by documents, instruments, investment property, letter-of-credit rights and money, perfection by permissive filing and temporary perfection without filing or transfer of possession, for when possession by or delivery to secured party perfects security interest without filing and for perfection by control. Providing for perfection by possession and control of chattel paper. Further providing for effect of change in governing law, for interests which take priority over or take free of security interest or agricultural lien, for priorities among conflicting security interests in and agricultural liens on same collateral, for future advances and for priority of purchase-money security interests. Providing for priority of security interest in controllable account, controllable electronic record and controllable payment intangible. Further providing for priority of purchaser of chattel paper or instrument, for priority of rights of purchasers of instruments, documents and securities under other divisions, priority of interests in financial assets and security entitlements under Division 8, for transfer of money and transfer of funds from deposit account, for priority of security interests in fixtures and crops, for bank's rights and duties with respect to deposit account, for rights acquired by assignee and claims and defenses against assignee, for discharge of account debtor, notification of assignment, identification and proof of assignment, restrictions on assignment of accounts, chattel paper, payment intangibles and promissory notes ineffective, for restrictions on assignment of promissory notes, health-care-insurance receivables and certain general intangibles ineffective, for persons entitled to file a record, for termination statement, for rights after default, judicial enforcement and consignor or buyer of accounts, chattel paper, payment intangibles or promissory notes, for unknown debtor or secondary obligor, for application of proceeds of collection or enforcement and liability for deficiency and right to surplus, for notification before disposition of collateral, for contents and form of notification before disposition of collateral, general, for contents and form of notification before disposition of collateral, consumer-goods transaction, for application of proceeds of disposition and liability for deficiency and right to surplus, for explanation of calculation of surplus or deficiency, for transfer of record or legal title, for acceptance of collateral in full or partial satisfaction of obligation and compulsory disposition of collateral, for notification of proposal to accept collateral, for waiver and for nonliability and limitation on liability of secured party and liability of secondary obligor. In controllable electronic records: Providing for short title of division, for definitions, for relation to Division 9 and consumer laws, for rights in controllable account, controllable electronic record and controllable payment intangible, for control of controllable electronic record, for discharge of account debtor on controllable account or controllable payment intangible and for governing law. Providing for transition. In decedents, estates and fiduciaries, in powers of attorney: Further providing for authority that requires specific and general grant of authority. Making editorial changes.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for rebates and inducements; and making repeals.. Description: An Act amending Title 40 (Insurance) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for rebates and inducements; and making repeals.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for definitions, for publication and notice, for award of grants, for consolidation incentive, for publication and notice and for award of grants, repealing provisions relating to COVID-19 Crisis Fire Company and Emergency Medical Services Grant Program and to Emergency Medical Services COVID-19 Recovery Grant Program, further providing for expiration of authority, repealing provisions relating to expiration of authority relating to COVID-19 Crisis Fire Company and Emergency Medical Services Grant Program and to expiration of authority relating to Emergency Medical Services COVID-19 Recovery Grant Program and further providing for annual reports.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for definitions, for publication and notice, for award of grants, for consolidation incentive, for publication and notice and for award of grants, repealing provisions relating to COVID-19 Crisis Fire Company and Emergency Medical Services Grant Program and to Emergency Medical Services COVID-19 Recovery Grant Program, further providing for expiration of authority, repealing provisions relating to expiration of authority relating to COVID-19 Crisis Fire Company and Emergency Medical Services Grant Program and to expiration of authority relating to Emergency Medical Services COVID-19 Recovery Grant Program and further providing for annual reports.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, further providing for curriculum, training and education certification management system.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, further providing for curriculum, training and education certification management system.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for training for long-term care, for criteria for nurse aides and for limitation on department.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 9, 1997 (P.L.169, No.14), known as the Nurse Aide Resident Abuse Prevention Training Act, providing for training for long-term care, for criteria for nurse aides and for limitation on department.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for credit for employment at congregate care facility.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for credit for employment at congregate care facility.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In compensation, further providing for ineligibility for compensation; and, in penalty provisions, further providing for false statements and representations to prevent or reduce compensation and other offenses.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 5, 1936 (2nd Sp.Sess., 1937 P.L.2897, No.1), known as the Unemployment Compensation Law, in compensation, further providing for ineligibility for compensation; and, in penalty provisions, further providing for false statements and representations to prevent or reduce compensation and other offenses.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for definitions and for sexual offenses and tier system.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for definitions and for sexual offenses and tier system.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In magisterial district judges, further providing for adjudication alternative program; in licensing of drivers, further providing for suspension of operating privilege, for suspension of operating privilege for failure to respond to citation and for driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked, providing for driving while operating privilege is suspended for certain other offenses, for relief from administrative suspension and for relief from administrative suspension participation requirements; in fees, further providing for reinstatement of operating privilege or vehicle registration; and, in penalties and disposition of fines, further providing for inability to pay fine and costs.. Description: An Act amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in magisterial district judges, further providing for adjudication alternative program; in licensing of drivers, further providing for suspension of operating privilege, for suspension of operating privilege for failure to respond to citation and for driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked, providing for driving while operating privilege is suspended for certain other offenses, for relief from administrative suspension and for relief from administrative suspension participation requirements; in fees, further providing for reinstatement of operating privilege or vehicle registration; and, in penalties and disposition of fines, further providing for inability to pay fine and costs.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In bonds and recognizances, providing for bail of persons posing threat to public safety.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in bonds and recognizances, providing for bail of persons posing threat to public safety.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Pennsylvania-Ireland Trade Commission and the Pennsylvania-Ireland Trade Commission Account; imposing duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 12 (Commerce and Trade) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing the Pennsylvania-Ireland Trade Commission and the Pennsylvania-Ireland Trade Commission Account; imposing duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development; and making an editorial change.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to criminal proceedings, providing for citizenship status of criminal defendants.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions relating to criminal proceedings, providing for citizenship status of criminal defendants.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in certificate of title and security interests, further providing for transfer to vehicle salvage dealer and for transfer to scrap metal processor; and, in abandoned vehicles and cargos, further providing for. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in certificate of title and security interests, further providing for transfer to vehicle salvage dealer and for transfer to scrap metal processor; and, in abandoned vehicles and cargos, further providing for
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In vacancies in office, further providing for filling vacancies in elective borough offices.. Description: An Act amending Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in vacancies in office, further providing for filling vacancies in elective borough offices.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In finance and taxation, further providing for tax levies.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 24, 1931 (P.L.1206, No.331), known as The First Class Township Code, in finance and taxation, further providing for tax levies.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In taxation and finance, further providing for township and special tax levies.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in taxation and finance, further providing for township and special tax levies.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In taxation and finance, further providing for tax levy.. Description: An Act amending Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in taxation and finance, further providing for tax levy.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, further providing for the State Geospatial Coordinating Board.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, further providing for the State Geospatial Coordinating Board.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, providing for burial benefits.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, providing for burial benefits.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8404, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 56 over the Stony Creek River, City of Johnstown, Cambria County, as the PFC Dr. Alex W. Barber Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 42031, located on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over Pentz Run on the border of Sandy Township and the City of DuBois, Clearfield County, as the Trooper First Class Brad Wilson Honorary Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5796, carrying State Route 4001 over U.S. Route 22 in Allegheny Township, Blair County, as the LCPL Ralph J. Fabbri USMC Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 31 from the intersection with First Street to the intersection with Yoder Avenue in the Borough of Mount Pleasant, Westmoreland County, as the Mayor Gerald D. Lucia Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8569, carrying State Route 1021 over Glendale Lake in White Township, Cambria County, as the CPL Reid Rex Ross 3 BN 26 Marine Reg. Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 57664, on Pennsylvania Route 924 over the railroad, located in Gilberton Borough, Schuylkill County, as the Walter Skubel Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 28762, on State Route 3011 over the Monocacy Creek, located in Bethlehem City, Northampton County, as the Raphael Rivera Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 29525, located on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 233 over Sherman Creek in Tyrone Township, Perry County, as the Lance Corporal Jason Frye Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52686, carrying Pennsylvania Route 441 over U.S. Route 30 in Columbia Borough, Lancaster County, as the Major General Edward C. Shannon Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5802, carrying Logan Boulevard over Norfolk Southern Railroad in the City of Altoona, Blair County, as the CPL Patrick C. Farrell and PVT James J. Farrell Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5879, carrying State Route 4027 (South Eagle Valley Road) over Bald Eagle Creek in Snyder Township, Blair County, as the SGM Charles B. Mills, Sr. Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 18728, carrying Pennsylvania Route 829 over the Juniata River in Union Township, Huntingdon County, as the PFC Charles Shore Greenland Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 18843, carrying State Route 3006 (Logging Road 31011) over Great Trough Creek in Wood Township, Huntingdon County, as the PFC Wasco (Spider) Pawuk Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 31529, carrying State Route 1007 over the Stonycreek River in Stonycreek Township, Somerset County, as the Corporal Carl Lynn Walker Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 7027, carrying Pennsylvania Route 413 over U.S. Route 1 in Middletown Township, Bucks County, as the Lance Corporal John F. Muffler Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of U.S. Route 222 from the interchange with U.S. Route 30 in Manheim Township to the interchange with Interstate 76, also known as the Pennsylvania Turnpike, in East Cocalico Township, Lancaster County, as the Senator Noah W. Wenger Memorial Highway; designating the westbound bridge carrying Interstate 90 over Six Mile Creek in Harborcreek Township, Erie County, as the Cpl. Jarrid L. King Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 31447, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over the Stonycreek River in Quemahoning Township, Somerset County, as the Captain Leroy Freeman Berkebile Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8414, carrying Pennsylvania Route 56 over Walters Avenue in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Wallace Rice Memorial Bridge; designating the bridges, identified as Southern Beltway 258 and Southern Beltway 259, in Cecil Township, Washington County, as the Lance Corporal Robert Alan "Bucky" McPherson Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 22612, located on Pennsylvania Route 72 in Swatara Township, Lebanon County, over the Swatara Creek as the Senator David J. Arnold, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5059, carrying State Route 2021 over Mineral Springs Creek in the City of Reading, Berks County, as the PFC Lawrence J. Deisher Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 6917, carrying State Route 4202 over Pennsylvania Route 611 in Doylestown Township, Bucks County, as the Donald E. Parlee Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 2017, also known as Lisburn Road, from Segment 90/Offset 300 to Segment 90/Offset 2200 in Lower Allen Township, Cumberland County, as the Sgt. Josue "Rocky" Saez, Jr., Memorial Road; designating the portion of State Route 1016, also known as Holme Avenue, from the intersection with Winchester Avenue to the intersection with Holme Circle, in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County, as the Sergeant Timothy Simpson Memorial Road; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8345, on that portion of U.S. Route 22 over Howells Run in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Michael G. Tsikalas Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8344, carrying U.S. Route 22 over Pennsylvania Route 160, also known as New Germany Road, in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Charles J. Vizzini Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 3795, carrying Pennsylvania Route 251 over Interstate 376 in Chippewa Township, Beaver County, as the Private Mahlon R. Evans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 57032, carrying Pennsylvania Route 351 over the Beaver River between Koppel Borough and North Sewickley Township, Beaver County, as the Sgt. Skip Haswell Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge carrying the Pennsylvania Turnpike Mainline Eastbound over the Beaver River at mile marker 13.2 in Beaver County as the Colonel Joseph H. Thompson Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge carrying the Pennsylvania Turnpike Mainline Westbound over the Beaver River at mile marker 13.2 in Beaver County as the Colonel Matthew S. Quay Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68136, carrying State Route 4028 over Mill Creek in Hamburg Borough, Berks County, as the Sergeant Jackie Seltzer Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52786, carrying Pennsylvania Route 213 over the Neshaminy Creek in Lower Southampton Township, Bucks County, as the Ensign Sarah Mitchell Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47666, carrying U.S. Route 219 over the West Branch Susquehanna River in Susquehanna Township, Cambria County, as the Staff Sergeant Peter P. Abromovich Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 48914, carrying Gallitzin Road, State Route 53, over Norfolk Southern Railroad, located in Gallitzin Township, Cambria County, as the Corporal James R. Beck USMC Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52761, carrying Pennsylvania Route 53 over Clearfield Creek in Gallitzin Township, Cambria County, as the Private Philip A. Watt Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8645, carrying Galleria Drive (State Route 3031) over U.S. Route 219 in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Paul O. Malzi and PFC Harry R. Malzi Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 9755, carrying State Route 3027 over the Moshannon Creek in Rush Township, Centre County, as the Osceola Mills World War II Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11380, carrying U.S. Route 219 over the West Branch Susquehanna River in Burnside Borough, Clearfield County, as the Sarah "Marie" Blose Rorabaugh Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11226, carrying Pennsylvania Route 53 over the Clearfield Creek in Bigler Township, Clearfield County, as the Sergeant John Harold Branic Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 13685, carrying Army Heritage Drive over Interstate 81 in Middlesex Township, Cumberland County, as the Major General Harold "Harry" Greene Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 56021, carrying Pennsylvania Route 997 over Conodoguinet Creek in Letterkenny Township, Franklin County, as the Pvt. Clyde C. McVitty Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 18248, carrying State Route 2003 over Dunkard Creek in Mt. Morris, Perry Township, Greene County, as the H. Ronald Hoskinson Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52783, carrying Pennsylvania Route 913 over Shoup Run in Coalmont Borough, Huntingdon County, as the Private Samuel H. Thompson Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68411, carrying Jacksonville Road (State Route 3016) over Two Lick Creek in Homer City, Indiana County, as the Staff Sergeant William Stivison Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 67935, carrying State Route 1015 over the Raystown Branch of the Juniata River in Allegheny Township, Somerset County, as the Staff Sergeant William Will Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 31544, carrying State Route 1016 over the Dark Shade Creek in Shade Township, Somerset County, as the Seaman First Class Raymond Kozik Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 31426, carrying East Campus Avenue over U.S. Route 219 in Conemaugh Township, Somerset County, as the Kenneth J. Newcomer Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 31696, carrying State Route 3011 over the Casselman River in Black Township, Somerset County, as the S2 Earl J. Peters Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 36247, carrying Pennsylvania Route 711 over Loyalhanna Creek in Ligonier Township, Westmoreland County, as the Staff Sergeant Alvin P. Carey and Private John C. Ewing Medal of Honor Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 54167, carrying U.S. Route 30 over Paradise Creek between Paradise Township and Jackson Township, York County, as the Private Edward J. Stambaugh Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of U.S. Route 522 from the intersection with Main Street to the intersection with Town Hill Street in Shade Gap Borough, Huntingdon County, as the Special Agent Terry R. Anderson Memorial Highway; designating a portion of State Route 2008 from the intersection with State Route 2009 to the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 56 in West Wheatfield Township and East Wheatfield Township, Indiana County, as the Robindale Memorial Highway; designating the interchange of Interstate 380 with Pennsylvania Route 940 in Tobyhanna Township, Monroe County, as the William F. Quinn Memorial Interchange; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8574, carrying State Route 1021 over Clearfield Creek in White Township, Cambria County, as the Sergeant Charles Owen Jenkins, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, carrying the Pennsylvania Turnpike 576 Southern Beltway Eastbound and Westbound over Pennsylvania Route 980 at mile marker S-12.35, as the Terry D. Tackett Jr. Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 56737, carrying Pennsylvania Route 74 over the Little Conewago Creek in Dover Township, York County, as the Corporal William E. Heilman Memorial Bridge; and making repeals.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8404, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 56 over the Stony Creek River, City of Johnstown, Cambria County, as the PFC Dr. Alex W. Barber Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 42031, located on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over Pentz Run on the border of Sandy Township and the City of DuBois, Clearfield County, as the Trooper First Class Brad Wilson Honorary Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5796, carrying State Route 4001 over U.S. Route 22 in Allegheny Township, Blair County, as the LCPL Ralph J. Fabbri USMC Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 31 from the intersection with First Street to the intersection with Yoder Avenue in the Borough of Mount Pleasant, Westmoreland County, as the Mayor Gerald D. Lucia Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8569, carrying State Route 1021 over Glendale Lake in White Township, Cambria County, as the CPL Reid Rex Ross 3 BN 26 Marine Reg. Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 57664, on Pennsylvania Route 924 over the railroad, located in Gilberton Borough, Schuylkill County, as the Walter Skubel Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 28762, on State Route 3011 over the Monocacy Creek, located in Bethlehem City, Northampton County, as the Raphael Rivera Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 29525, located on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 233 over Sherman Creek in Tyrone Township, Perry County, as the Lance Corporal Jason Frye Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52686, carrying Pennsylvania Route 441 over U.S. Route 30 in Columbia Borough, Lancaster County, as the Major General Edward C. Shannon Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5802, carrying Logan Boulevard over Norfolk Southern Railroad in the City of Altoona, Blair County, as the CPL Patrick C. Farrell and PVT James J. Farrell Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5879, carrying State Route 4027 (South Eagle Valley Road) over Bald Eagle Creek in Snyder Township, Blair County, as the SGM Charles B. Mills, Sr. Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 18728, carrying Pennsylvania Route 829 over the Juniata River in Union Township, Huntingdon County, as the PFC Charles Shore Greenland Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 18843, carrying State Route 3006 (Logging Road 31011) over Great Trough Creek in Wood Township, Huntingdon County, as the PFC Wasco (Spider) Pawuk Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 31529, carrying State Route 1007 over the Stonycreek River in Stonycreek Township, Somerset County, as the Corporal Carl Lynn Walker Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 7027, carrying Pennsylvania Route 413 over U.S. Route 1 in Middletown Township, Bucks County, as the Lance Corporal John F. Muffler Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of U.S. Route 222 from the interchange with U.S. Route 30 in Manheim Township to the interchange with Interstate 76, also known as the Pennsylvania Turnpike, in East Cocalico Township, Lancaster County, as the Senator Noah W. Wenger Memorial Highway; designating the westbound bridge carrying Interstate 90 over Six Mile Creek in Harborcreek Township, Erie County, as the Cpl. Jarrid L. King Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 31447, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over the Stonycreek River in Quemahoning Township, Somerset County, as the Captain Leroy Freeman Berkebile Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8414, carrying Pennsylvania Route 56 over Walters Avenue in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Wallace Rice Memorial Bridge; designating the bridges, identified as Southern Beltway 258 and Southern Beltway 259, in Cecil Township, Washington County, as the Lance Corporal Robert Alan "Bucky" McPherson Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 22612, located on Pennsylvania Route 72 in Swatara Township, Lebanon County, over the Swatara Creek as the Senator David J. Arnold, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5059, carrying State Route 2021 over Mineral Springs Creek in the City of Reading, Berks County, as the PFC Lawrence J. Deisher Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 6917, carrying State Route 4202 over Pennsylvania Route 611 in Doylestown Township, Bucks County, as the Donald E. Parlee Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 2017, also known as Lisburn Road, from Segment 90/Offset 300 to Segment 90/Offset 2200 in Lower Allen Township, Cumberland County, as the Sgt. Josue "Rocky" Saez, Jr., Memorial Road; designating the portion of State Route 1016, also known as Holme Avenue, from the intersection with Winchester Avenue to the intersection with Holme Circle, in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County, as the Sergeant Timothy Simpson Memorial Road; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8345, on that portion of U.S. Route 22 over Howells Run in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Michael G. Tsikalas Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8344, carrying U.S. Route 22 over Pennsylvania Route 160, also known as New Germany Road, in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Charles J. Vizzini Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 3795, carrying Pennsylvania Route 251 over Interstate 376 in Chippewa Township, Beaver County, as the Private Mahlon R. Evans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 57032, carrying Pennsylvania Route 351 over the Beaver River between Koppel Borough and North Sewickley Township, Beaver County, as the Sgt. Skip Haswell Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge carrying the Pennsylvania Turnpike Mainline Eastbound over the Beaver River at mile marker 13.2 in Beaver County as the Colonel Joseph H. Thompson Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge carrying the Pennsylvania Turnpike Mainline Westbound over the Beaver River at mile marker 13.2 in Beaver County as the Colonel Matthew S. Quay Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68136, carrying State Route 4028 over Mill Creek in Hamburg Borough, Berks County, as the Sergeant Jackie Seltzer Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52786, carrying Pennsylvania Route 213 over the Neshaminy Creek in Lower Southampton Township, Bucks County, as the Ensign Sarah Mitchell Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47666, carrying U.S. Route 219 over the West Branch Susquehanna River in Susquehanna Township, Cambria County, as the Staff Sergeant Peter P. Abromovich Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 48914, carrying Gallitzin Road, State Route 53, over Norfolk Southern Railroad, located in Gallitzin Township, Cambria County, as the Corporal James R. Beck USMC Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52761, carrying Pennsylvania Route 53 over Clearfield Creek in Gallitzin Township, Cambria County, as the Private Philip A. Watt Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8645, carrying Galleria Drive (State Route 3031) over U.S. Route 219 in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Paul O. Malzi and PFC Harry R. Malzi Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 9755, carrying State Route 3027 over the Moshannon Creek in Rush Township, Centre County, as the Osceola Mills World War II Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11380, carrying U.S. Route 219 over the West Branch Susquehanna River in Burnside Borough, Clearfield County, as the Sarah "Marie" Blose Rorabaugh Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11226, carrying Pennsylvania Route 53 over the Clearfield Creek in Bigler Township, Clearfield County, as the Sergeant John Harold Branic Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 13685, carrying Army Heritage Drive over Interstate 81 in Middlesex Township, Cumberland County, as the Major General Harold "Harry" Greene Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 56021, carrying Pennsylvania Route 997 over Conodoguinet Creek in Letterkenny Township, Franklin County, as the Pvt. Clyde C. McVitty Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 18248, carrying State Route 2003 over Dunkard Creek in Mt. Morris, Perry Township, Greene County, as the H. Ronald Hoskinson Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52783, carrying Pennsylvania Route 913 over Shoup Run in Coalmont Borough, Huntingdon County, as the Private Samuel H. Thompson Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68411, carrying Jacksonville Road (State Route 3016) over Two Lick Creek in Homer City, Indiana County, as the Staff Sergeant William Stivison Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 67935, carrying State Route 1015 over the Raystown Branch of the Juniata River in Allegheny Township, Somerset County, as the Staff Sergeant William Will Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 31544, carrying State Route 1016 over the Dark Shade Creek in Shade Township, Somerset County, as the Seaman First Class Raymond Kozik Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 31426, carrying East Campus Avenue over U.S. Route 219 in Conemaugh Township, Somerset County, as the Kenneth J. Newcomer Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 31696, carrying State Route 3011 over the Casselman River in Black Township, Somerset County, as the S2 Earl J. Peters Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 36247, carrying Pennsylvania Route 711 over Loyalhanna Creek in Ligonier Township, Westmoreland County, as the Staff Sergeant Alvin P. Carey and Private John C. Ewing Medal of Honor Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 54167, carrying U.S. Route 30 over Paradise Creek between Paradise Township and Jackson Township, York County, as the Private Edward J. Stambaugh Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of U.S. Route 522 from the intersection with Main Street to the intersection with Town Hill Street in Shade Gap Borough, Huntingdon County, as the Special Agent Terry R. Anderson Memorial Highway; designating a portion of State Route 2008 from the intersection with State Route 2009 to the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 56 in West Wheatfield Township and East Wheatfield Township, Indiana County, as the Robindale Memorial Highway; designating the interchange of Interstate 380 with Pennsylvania Route 940 in Tobyhanna Township, Monroe County, as the William F. Quinn Memorial Interchange; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8574, carrying State Route 1021 over Clearfield Creek in White Township, Cambria County, as the Sergeant Charles Owen Jenkins, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, carrying the Pennsylvania Turnpike 576 Southern Beltway Eastbound and Westbound over Pennsylvania Route 980 at mile marker S-12.35, as the Terry D. Tackett Jr. Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 56737, carrying Pennsylvania Route 74 over the Little Conewago Creek in Dover Township, York County, as the Corporal William E. Heilman Memorial Bridge; and making repeals.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, further providing for prohibiting use of hearing impairment devices and for additional parking regulations; in inspection of vehicles, further providing for inspection of motorcycles; and, in motorcycles, further providing for motorcycle safety education program.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, further providing for prohibiting use of hearing impairment devices and for additional parking regulations; in inspection of vehicles, further providing for inspection of motorcycles; and, in motorcycles, further providing for motorcycle safety education program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In the State System of Higher Education, further providing for definitions and providing for Grow Pennsylvania Merit Scholarship Program; providing for institutions of higher education, for Grow Pennsylvania Scholarship Grant Program and for intercollegiate athletics; in ready-to-succeed scholarship, further providing for agency; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in the State System of Higher Education, further providing for definitions and providing for Grow Pennsylvania Merit Scholarship Program; providing for institutions of higher education, for Grow Pennsylvania Scholarship Grant Program and for intercollegiate athletics; in ready-to-succeed scholarship, further providing for agency; and making a repeal.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In the State System of Higher Education, further providing for definitions and establishing the Grow Pennsylvania Merit Scholarship Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in the State System of Higher Education, further providing for definitions and establishing the Grow Pennsylvania Merit Scholarship Program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Ready-to-Succeed Scholarship, further providing for agency.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in Ready-to-Succeed Scholarship, further providing for agency.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In the State System of Higher Education, providing for educational opportunities for foster and adopted children.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in the State System of Higher Education, providing for educational opportunities for foster and adopted children.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for institutions of higher education and for Performance-based Funding Council.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, providing for institutions of higher education and for Performance-based Funding Council.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, providing for Higher Education Task Force.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, providing for Higher Education Task Force.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In pupils and attendance, providing for exception from compulsory education for certain children with disabilities.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in pupils and attendance, providing for exception from compulsory education for certain children with disabilities.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In veteran recognition, providing for Vietnam War Veterans Day.. Description: An Act amending Title 38 (Holidays and Observances) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in veteran recognition, providing for Vietnam War Veterans Day.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties, providing for criminal history background checks.. Description: An Act amending Title 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties, providing for criminal history background checks.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In definitions, further providing for definitions; in application of the act and penalties, further providing for exclusions; and, in duties of licensees, providing for right to cancel sales agreements or sales contracts for wholesale transactions.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 19, 1980 (P.L.15, No.9), known as the Real Estate Licensing and Registration Act, in definitions, further providing for definitions; in application of the act and penalties, further providing for exclusions; and, in duties of licensees, providing for right to cancel sales agreements or sales contracts for wholesale transactions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In duties and powers of boards of school directors, providing for admission fees for school-sponsored activities.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in duties and powers of boards of school directors, providing for admission fees for school-sponsored activities.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In administration of act, further providing for State Unemployment Compensation Advisory Counsel.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 5, 1936 (2nd Sp.Sess., 1937 P.L.2897, No.1), known as the Unemployment Compensation Law, in administration of act, further providing for State Unemployment Compensation Advisory Counsel.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 14, 2008 (P.L.6, No.3), known as the Right-to-Know Law, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, further providing for Fort Indiantown Gap; and establishing the Service Members, Veterans and their Families Fund.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, further providing for Fort Indiantown Gap; and establishing the Service Members, Veterans and their Families Fund.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In school safety and security, establishing the Cell Phone Lockable Bag Pilot Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school safety and security, establishing the Cell Phone Lockable Bag Pilot Program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sexual offenses, further providing for the offense of unlawful dissemination of intimate image; in minors, further providing for the offense of sexual abuse of children and for the offense of transmission of sexually explicit images by minor; and making editorial changes to replace references to the term "child pornography" with references to the term "child sexual abuse material.". Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sexual offenses, further providing for the offense of unlawful dissemination of intimate image; in minors, further providing for the offense of sexual abuse of children and for the offense of transmission of sexually explicit images by minor; and making editorial changes to replace references to the term "child pornography" with references to the term "child sexual abuse material."
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In employees, further providing for automatic certification.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in employees, further providing for automatic certification.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry, its departmental administrative and advisory boards and departmental administrative officers, further providing for Elevator Safety Board.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry, its departmental administrative and advisory boards and departmental administrative officers, further providing for Elevator Safety Board.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In trusts, further providing for definitions - UTC 103, for trust instrument controls and mandatory rules - UTC 105, for governing law - UTC 107, for situs of trust, for nonjudicial settlement agreements - UTC 111, for charitable purposes; enforcement - UTC 405, for trust for care of animal - UTC 408, for noncharitable trust without ascertainable beneficiary - UTC 409, for reformation to correct mistakes - UTC 415, for modification to achieve settlor's tax objectives - UTC 416, for spendthrift provision - UTC 502, for creditor's claim against settlor - UTC 505(a), for overdue distribution - UTC 506, for revocation or amendment of revocable trust - UTC 602, for trustee's duties and powers of withdrawal - UTC 603, for accepting or declining trusteeship - UTC 701, for trustee's bond - UTC 702, for cotrustees - UTC 703, for vacancy in trusteeship and appointment of successor - UTC 704, for resignation of trustee and filing resignation, for compensation of trustee - UTC 708, for duty to administer trust - UTC 801, for duty of loyalty - UTC 802, for powers to direct - UTC 808, for duty to inform and report, for discretionary powers and for powers of trustees - UTC 815, providing for directed trusts, further providing for remedies for breach of trust--UTC 1001, providing for nonjudicial account settlement and further providing for reliance on trust instrument - UTC 1006, for exculpation of trustee - UTC 1008, for certification of trust - UTC 1013 and for title of purchaser.. Description: An Act amending Title 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in trusts, further providing for definitions - UTC 103, for trust instrument controls and mandatory rules - UTC 105, for governing law - UTC 107, for situs of trust, for nonjudicial settlement agreements - UTC 111, for charitable purposes; enforcement - UTC 405, for trust for care of animal - UTC 408, for noncharitable trust without ascertainable beneficiary - UTC 409, for reformation to correct mistakes - UTC 415, for modification to achieve settlor's tax objectives - UTC 416, for spendthrift provision - UTC 502, for creditor's claim against settlor - UTC 505(a), for overdue distribution - UTC 506, for revocation or amendment of revocable trust - UTC 602, for trustee's duties and powers of withdrawal - UTC 603, for accepting or declining trusteeship - UTC 701, for trustee's bond - UTC 702, for cotrustees - UTC 703, for vacancy in trusteeship and appointment of successor - UTC 704, for resignation of trustee and filing resignation, for compensation of trustee - UTC 708, for duty to administer trust - UTC 801, for duty of loyalty - UTC 802, for powers to direct - UTC 808, for duty to inform and report, for discretionary powers and for powers of trustees - UTC 815, providing for directed trusts, further providing for remedies for breach of trust--UTC 1001, providing for nonjudicial account settlement and further providing for reliance on trust instrument - UTC 1006, for exculpation of trustee - UTC 1008, for certification of trust - UTC 1013 and for title of purchaser.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In liability and compensation, further providing for payment of compensation.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 2, 1915 (P.L.736, No.338), known as the Workers' Compensation Act, in liability and compensation, further providing for payment of compensation.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources and the Governor, to grant and convey to the White Birch Golf Course and Restaurant, certain lands situate in Rush Township, Schuylkill County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources and the Governor, to grant and convey to the White Birch Golf Course and Restaurant, certain lands situate in Rush Township, Schuylkill County.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in recovery of possession, further providing for notice to quit; in repeals, providing for applicability; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 6, 1951 (P.L.69, No.20), known as The Landlord and Tenant Act of 1951, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in recovery of possession, further providing for notice to quit; in repeals, providing for applicability; and making an editorial change.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for duties of facility owners, for duties of designers, for duties of excavators, for duties of project owners, for damage prevention committee, for compliance orders and for administrative penalties; providing for action for recovery of penalty or forfeiture; and further providing for expiration of act.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 10, 1974 (P.L.852, No.287), referred to as the Underground Utility Line Protection Law, further providing for definitions, for duties of facility owners, for duties of designers, for duties of excavators, for duties of project owners, for damage prevention committee, for compliance orders and for administrative penalties; providing for action for recovery of penalty or forfeiture; and further providing for expiration of act.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In insurance producers, further providing for definitions, for powers and duties of department, for license prerequisites, for licensing and for license renewals.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.789, No.285), known as The Insurance Department Act of 1921, in insurance producers, further providing for definitions, for powers and duties of department, for license prerequisites, for licensing and for license renewals.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties, providing for continuing education tracking system.. Description: An Act amending Title 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties, providing for continuing education tracking system.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sustainable mobility options, establishing the State Safety Oversight Office and providing for its powers and duties.. Description: An Act amending Title 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sustainable mobility options, establishing the State Safety Oversight Office and providing for its powers and duties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 31, 2018 (P.L.123, No.25), known as the Outpatient Psychiatric Oversight Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the State Treasurer, the State Employees' Retirement System, the Public School Employees' Retirement System and the Pennsylvania Municipal Retirement System from boycotting or divesting from Israel; and prohibiting funding to an institution of higher education that engages in a boycott against or divestment from Israel.. Description: An Act prohibiting the State Treasurer, the State Employees' Retirement System, the Public School Employees' Retirement System and the Pennsylvania Municipal Retirement System from boycotting or divesting from Israel; and prohibiting funding to an institution of higher education that engages in a boycott against or divestment from Israel.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for title of act, for definitions, for office responsibilities, for State registration required, for State registration and for provisional registration.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 2, 2004 (P.L.492, No.57), known as the Sign Language Interpreter and Transliterator State Registration Act, further providing for title of act, for definitions, for office responsibilities, for State registration required, for State registration and for provisional registration.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the Department of General Services to develop a plan for divesting certain properties owned by the Commonwealth.. Description: An Act requiring the Department of General Services to develop a plan for divesting certain properties owned by the Commonwealth.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2023 as "National Recovery Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2023 as "National Recovery Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In election of officers and vacancies in office, further providing for vacancies in general.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in election of officers and vacancies in office, further providing for vacancies in general.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In matters affecting government units, further providing for limitations on damages relating to actions against Commonwealth parties and for limitations on damages relating to actions against local parties.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in matters affecting government units, further providing for limitations on damages relating to actions against Commonwealth parties and for limitations on damages relating to actions against local parties.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for sexual offenses and tier system.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for sexual offenses and tier system.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for title of act, for short title, for declaration of purpose, for definitions, for creation of board and appointment and term of members and officers, for organization of board, for powers of board, for duties of board, for examination and qualification of applicants, for reciprocal licensing, for issuance and renewal of certificates, for payment and disposition of fees and for seal of architect; providing for architectural firm registration and for architectural firm names; further providing for permitted practices, for existing licenses, for existing rules and regulations and for unauthorized practice prohibited; providing for certification of interior designers; further providing for disciplinary proceedings, for penalties and for complaint procedure and hearings; providing for regulations; further providing for severability, for repeals and for effective date; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 14, 1982 (P.L.1227, No.281), known as the Architects Licensure Law, further providing for title of act, for short title, for declaration of purpose, for definitions, for creation of board and appointment and term of members and officers, for organization of board, for powers of board, for duties of board, for examination and qualification of applicants, for reciprocal licensing, for issuance and renewal of certificates, for payment and disposition of fees and for seal of architect; providing for architectural firm registration and for architectural firm names; further providing for permitted practices, for existing licenses, for existing rules and regulations and for unauthorized practice prohibited; providing for certification of interior designers; further providing for disciplinary proceedings, for penalties and for complaint procedure and hearings; providing for regulations; further providing for severability, for repeals and for effective date; and making editorial changes.
In 2024, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for title of act and for definitions; providing for short title; and further providing for license required, for exemptions, for qualifications for a license, for fee, financial statement and security, for liability of licensees, for licensee requirements and for agents.. Description: An Act amending the act of September 2, 1965 (P.L.490, No.249), referred to as the Money Transmission Business Licensing Law, further providing for title of act and for definitions; providing for short title; and further providing for license required, for exemptions, for qualifications for a license, for fee, financial statement and security, for liability of licensees, for licensee requirements and for agents.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 4 through 10, 2023, as "Chesapeake Bay Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 4 through 10, 2023, as "Chesapeake Bay Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting permanent rules for the House of Representatives.. Description: A Resolution adopting permanent rules for the House of Representatives.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the adoption of a temporary rule relating to the consideration of a resolution providing for the 2023-2024 General Operating Rules of the House of Representatives.. Description: A Resolution providing for the adoption of a temporary rule relating to the consideration of a resolution providing for the 2023-2024 General Operating Rules of the House of Representatives.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of July 2023 as "Juvenile Arthritis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of July 2023 as "Juvenile Arthritis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the appointment of members to the Standing Committees of the House of Representatives.. Description: A Resolution providing for the appointment of members to the Standing Committees of the House of Representatives.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution establishing the Pennsylvania State Song Commission to study the history of the State song of the Commonwealth, solicit submissions for a new State song and recommend changes to the State song.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution establishing the Pennsylvania State Song Commission to study the history of the State song of the Commonwealth, solicit submissions for a new State song and recommend changes to the State song.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on voting patterns and knowledge about voting rights among formerly incarcerated qualified electors in Pennsylvania and submit a report of its findings and recommendations to the House of Representatives.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on voting patterns and knowledge about voting rights among formerly incarcerated qualified electors in Pennsylvania and submit a report of its findings and recommendations to the House of Representatives.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2023 as "Autism Acceptance Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2023 as "Autism Acceptance Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring Jacobus Franciscus "Jim" Thorpe by designating May 28, 2023, as "Jim Thorpe Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution honoring Jacobus Franciscus "Jim" Thorpe by designating May 28, 2023, as "Jim Thorpe Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 15, 2023, as "Roberto Clemente Day" in Pennsylvania and encouraging the celebration of his life as a humanitarian, veteran and Hall of Fame baseball player.. Description: A Resolution recognizing September 15, 2023, as "Roberto Clemente Day" in Pennsylvania and encouraging the celebration of his life as a humanitarian, veteran and Hall of Fame baseball player.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 5 through 9, 2023, as "Union Organizing Week" in Pennsylvania, in honor of those workers who have fought for their right to organize and bargain collectively at their workplace.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 5 through 9, 2023, as "Union Organizing Week" in Pennsylvania, in honor of those workers who have fought for their right to organize and bargain collectively at their workplace.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 3, 2023, as "Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 3, 2023, as "Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and issue a report on the impact of housing on health in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and issue a report on the impact of housing on health in this Commonwealth.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the memory of law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty.. Description: A Resolution honoring the memory of law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 9 through 15, 2023, as "National Public Safety Telecommunicators Week" in Pennsylvania in honor of those whose diligence and professionalism keep our communities and residents safe.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 9 through 15, 2023, as "National Public Safety Telecommunicators Week" in Pennsylvania in honor of those whose diligence and professionalism keep our communities and residents safe.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 10, 2023, as "Delco Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 10, 2023, as "Delco Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution recognizing the month of December 2023 as "National Giving Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution recognizing the month of December 2023 as "National Giving Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2023 as "Alzheimer's and Brain Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2023 as "Alzheimer's and Brain Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2023 as "Community College Month" in Pennsylvania in recognition of the important role that community colleges play in the education system and economy of this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2023 as "Community College Month" in Pennsylvania in recognition of the important role that community colleges play in the education system and economy of this Commonwealth.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and issue a report on the current status, management and benefits of conservation corridors in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and issue a report on the current status, management and benefits of conservation corridors in this Commonwealth.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 7 through 13, 2023, as "Jewish Day Schools Week" in Pennsylvania and expressing appreciation and gratitude to Jewish day schools across this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 7 through 13, 2023, as "Jewish Day Schools Week" in Pennsylvania and expressing appreciation and gratitude to Jewish day schools across this Commonwealth.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 13, 2023, as "National Train Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing May 13, 2023, as "National Train Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 7 through 13, 2023, as "National Hospital Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 7 through 13, 2023, as "National Hospital Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., for more than a century of commitment to social activism, academic excellence and civic engagement in this Commonwealth on the occasion of "Delta Day" at the State Capitol.. Description: A Resolution recognizing and honoring the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., for more than a century of commitment to social activism, academic excellence and civic engagement in this Commonwealth on the occasion of "Delta Day" at the State Capitol.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 24, 2023, as "Emergency Medical Services for Children (EMSC) Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 24, 2023, as "Emergency Medical Services for Children (EMSC) Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the days of May 12 through 21, 2023, as "Go Public Gardens Days" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the days of May 12 through 21, 2023, as "Go Public Gardens Days" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 21 through 27, 2023, as "Emergency Medical Services Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 21 through 27, 2023, as "Emergency Medical Services Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on how body-worn camera footage can be more effectively used to provide positive and safe outcomes for both law enforcement officers and civilians.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on how body-worn camera footage can be more effectively used to provide positive and safe outcomes for both law enforcement officers and civilians.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of June 2023 as "LGBTQ+ Pride Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of June 2023 as "LGBTQ+ Pride Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 25, 2023, as "Trauma and Mental Health Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 25, 2023, as "Trauma and Mental Health Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2023 as "Gun Violence Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2023 as "Gun Violence Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 15 through 21, 2023, as "Military Sexual Trauma Survivor Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 15 through 21, 2023, as "Military Sexual Trauma Survivor Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 1, 2023, as "Skip the Straw Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 1, 2023, as "Skip the Straw Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Encouraging the creation of urban teaching programs.. Description: A Resolution encouraging the creation of urban teaching programs.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing June 29, 2023, as "World Scleroderma Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing June 29, 2023, as "World Scleroderma Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating July 22, 2023, as "Hemihyperplasia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating July 22, 2023, as "Hemihyperplasia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of November 4 through 11, 2023, as "Veterans Week of Service" in Pennsylvania to coincide with the annual Veterans Day observance on November 11, 2023.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of November 4 through 11, 2023, as "Veterans Week of Service" in Pennsylvania to coincide with the annual Veterans Day observance on November 11, 2023.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2023 as "Foster Care Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2023 as "Foster Care Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 10, 2023, as "National Day of the Republic of China (Taiwan)" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 10, 2023, as "National Day of the Republic of China (Taiwan)" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study to compare impact fees and severance taxes in the largest natural gas producing states and examine the competitive business climate for the industry in those states.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study to compare impact fees and severance taxes in the largest natural gas producing states and examine the competitive business climate for the industry in those states.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 19 through 25, 2023, as "Pollinator Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 19 through 25, 2023, as "Pollinator Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Celebrating the National Guard on its 387th birthday.. Description: A Resolution celebrating the National Guard on its 387th birthday.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2023 as "Homeownership Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2023 as "Homeownership Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2023 as "Diabetes Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2023 as "Diabetes Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2023 as "Cholesterol Education Month" and September 1, 2023, as "LDL-C Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2023 as "Cholesterol Education Month" and September 1, 2023, as "LDL-C Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating August 7, 2023, as "Purple Heart Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating August 7, 2023, as "Purple Heart Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating September 18, 2023, as "State Grange Day" in Pennsylvania and celebrating the Pennsylvania State Grange on its 150th anniversary.. Description: A Resolution designating September 18, 2023, as "State Grange Day" in Pennsylvania and celebrating the Pennsylvania State Grange on its 150th anniversary.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing June 19, 2023, as "Korean-American Citizenship Day" in Pennsylvania to celebrate the first naturalization of a Korean-American citizen in 1890.. Description: A Resolution recognizing June 19, 2023, as "Korean-American Citizenship Day" in Pennsylvania to celebrate the first naturalization of a Korean-American citizen in 1890.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2023 as "Dairy Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2023 as "Dairy Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing June 19, 2023, as "Juneteenth Independence Day" in Pennsylvania in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery was abolished finally in all regions of the United States.. Description: A Resolution recognizing June 19, 2023, as "Juneteenth Independence Day" in Pennsylvania in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery was abolished finally in all regions of the United States.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on June 12, 2023, in response to the collapse of the northbound bridge and severe compromise of the southbound bridge on Interstate 95 in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on June 12, 2023, in response to the collapse of the northbound bridge and severe compromise of the southbound bridge on Interstate 95 in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 30, 2023, as "Hershey's Chocolate World Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 30, 2023, as "Hershey's Chocolate World Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating November 15, 2023, as "Articles of Confederation Day" in Pennsylvania; and recognizing the City of York, York County, for its important contribution to the forging of our nation.. Description: A Resolution designating November 15, 2023, as "Articles of Confederation Day" in Pennsylvania; and recognizing the City of York, York County, for its important contribution to the forging of our nation.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 13, 2023, as "Metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 13, 2023, as "Metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study on the effect of workforce shortages on State supported Medicaid home and community-based services waiver programs and the Pennsylvania Lottery funded area agency on aging programs and Act 150 services in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study on the effect of workforce shortages on State supported Medicaid home and community-based services waiver programs and the Pennsylvania Lottery funded area agency on aging programs and Act 150 services in this Commonwealth.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending House Rules 43 and 45, further providing for standing committees and subcommittees and for powers and duties of standing committees and subcommittees.. Description: A Resolution amending House Rules 43 and 45, further providing for standing committees and subcommittees and for powers and duties of standing committees and subcommittees.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life and honoring the memory of Trooper Jacques F. Rougeau Jr., who gave his life in the line of duty on June 17, 2023.. Description: A Resolution celebrating the life and honoring the memory of Trooper Jacques F. Rougeau Jr., who gave his life in the line of duty on June 17, 2023.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish an advisory committee to conduct a study on the field of artificial intelligence and its impact and potential future impact in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish an advisory committee to conduct a study on the field of artificial intelligence and its impact and potential future impact in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2023 as "Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2023 as "Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 20, 2023, as "Kennywood Park Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 20, 2023, as "Kennywood Park Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2023 as "Emergency Preparedness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2023 as "Emergency Preparedness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2023 as "Hunger Action Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2023 as "Hunger Action Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on the feasibility of using geothermal energy technologies that utilize abandoned mining locations and operations in this Commonwealth and issue a report of its findings and recommendations to the House of Representatives.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on the feasibility of using geothermal energy technologies that utilize abandoned mining locations and operations in this Commonwealth and issue a report of its findings and recommendations to the House of Representatives.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2023 as "Suicide Prevention Awareness Month" and September 10, 2023, as "World Suicide Prevention Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2023 as "Suicide Prevention Awareness Month" and September 10, 2023, as "World Suicide Prevention Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on June 12, 2023, and extended in whole by the General Assembly until November 1, 2023, in response to the collapse of the northbound bridge and severe compromise of the southbound bridge on Interstate 95 in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on June 12, 2023, and extended in whole by the General Assembly until November 1, 2023, in response to the collapse of the northbound bridge and severe compromise of the southbound bridge on Interstate 95 in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 6, 2023, as "World Cerebral Palsy Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 6, 2023, as "World Cerebral Palsy Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2023 as "Childhood Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2023 as "Childhood Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 6, 2023, as "College Radio Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 6, 2023, as "College Radio Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 17 through 24, 2023, as "Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis Research and Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania to increase awareness and understanding of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 17 through 24, 2023, as "Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis Research and Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania to increase awareness and understanding of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 10 through 16, 2023, as "Personal Care and Assisted Living Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 10 through 16, 2023, as "Personal Care and Assisted Living Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life and honoring the memory of former Representative George W. Jackson, who passed away July 6, 2023.. Description: A Resolution celebrating the life and honoring the memory of former Representative George W. Jackson, who passed away July 6, 2023.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Supporting the friendship and bilateral relationship between the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and Taiwan and the signing of a United States-Taiwan Bilateral Trade Agreement.. Description: A Resolution supporting the friendship and bilateral relationship between the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and Taiwan and the signing of a United States-Taiwan Bilateral Trade Agreement.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating September 15 through October 15, 2023, as "Hispanic Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating September 15 through October 15, 2023, as "Hispanic Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2023 as "Wine, Wineries and Grapes Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2023 as "Wine, Wineries and Grapes Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 9 through 15, 2023, as "United States Navy Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 9 through 15, 2023, as "United States Navy Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2023 as "Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2023 as "Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2023 as "Domestic Violence Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2023 as "Domestic Violence Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2023 as "Careers in Construction Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2023 as "Careers in Construction Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2023 as "Agent Orange Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2023 as "Agent Orange Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study and establish an advisory committee to review and analyze the opportunities for and benefits of agrivoltaic farming systems in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study and establish an advisory committee to review and analyze the opportunities for and benefits of agrivoltaic farming systems in this Commonwealth.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 19, 2023, as "Purple Thursday" and as "Domestic Violence Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 19, 2023, as "Purple Thursday" and as "Domestic Violence Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2023 as "Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2023 as "Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2023 as "Polish American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2023 as "Polish American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of November 12 through 18, 2023, as "Kindness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of November 12 through 18, 2023, as "Kindness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States to provide the State of Israel with the support necessary to ensure its safety and security and condemning the terrorist attack in Israel by Hamas.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to provide the State of Israel with the support necessary to ensure its safety and security and condemning the terrorist attack in Israel by Hamas.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2023 as "William Penn Landing Site in Chester Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2023 as "William Penn Landing Site in Chester Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2024 as "ALSP Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2024 as "ALSP Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2024, as "National Hospital Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2024, as "National Hospital Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of November 13 through 17, 2023, as "Certified Public Accountant Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of November 13 through 17, 2023, as "Certified Public Accountant Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 28, 2024, as "Knoebels Amusement Resort Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 28, 2024, as "Knoebels Amusement Resort Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating January 21, 2024, as "AmeriCorps Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating January 21, 2024, as "AmeriCorps Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of November 2023 as "Native American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of November 2023 as "Native American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish a bipartisan task force to study any consolidated or unconsolidated State statutes in the Pennsylvania Crimes Code, Judicial Code, Sentencing Code or elsewhere under which a term of imprisonment and other collateral consequences may be imposed in order to identify redundant, overlapping and inconsistent offenses, improper grading and gaps in criminal liability, out-of-date, antiquated, offensive or unenforceable language and to make recommendations to the General Assembly.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish a bipartisan task force to study any consolidated or unconsolidated State statutes in the Pennsylvania Crimes Code, Judicial Code, Sentencing Code or elsewhere under which a term of imprisonment and other collateral consequences may be imposed in order to identify redundant, overlapping and inconsistent offenses, improper grading and gaps in criminal liability, out-of-date, antiquated, offensive or unenforceable language and to make recommendations to the General Assembly.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 21, 2024, as "Rosie the Riveter Day" in Pennsylvania and honoring the service and contributions of the millions of women who entered the workforce during World War II.. Description: A Resolution designating March 21, 2024, as "Rosie the Riveter Day" in Pennsylvania and honoring the service and contributions of the millions of women who entered the workforce during World War II.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of February 2024 as "Black History Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of February 2024 as "Black History Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating December 16, 2023, as "Battle of the Bulge Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating December 16, 2023, as "Battle of the Bulge Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing December 16, 2023, as "Wreaths Across America Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing December 16, 2023, as "Wreaths Across America Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on June 12, 2023, and extended in whole by the General Assembly until November 1, 2023, by Senate Resolution No. 136, and further extended in whole by the General Assembly for an additional 120 calendar days from November 1, 2023, by House Resolution No. 197, in response to the collapse of the northbound bridge and severe compromise of the southbound bridge on Interstate 95 in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on June 12, 2023, and extended in whole by the General Assembly until November 1, 2023, by Senate Resolution No. 136, and further extended in whole by the General Assembly for an additional 120 calendar days from November 1, 2023, by House Resolution No. 197, in response to the collapse of the northbound bridge and severe compromise of the southbound bridge on Interstate 95 in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 26, 2024, as "Bangladesh Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 26, 2024, as "Bangladesh Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 25, 2024, as "Greek Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 25, 2024, as "Greek Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the year 2023 as the "Taylor Swift Era" in Pennsylvania, in celebration of Ms. Swift's recent selection as TIME Magazine's 2023 Person of the Year and acknowledgment of her positive impact on Pennsylvania's economy, voter registration numbers, consumer protections and pro-labor practices.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the year 2023 as the "Taylor Swift Era" in Pennsylvania, in celebration of Ms. Swift's recent selection as TIME Magazine's 2023 Person of the Year and acknowledgment of her positive impact on Pennsylvania's economy, voter registration numbers, consumer protections and pro-labor practices.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and recognizing January 15, 2024, as "Martin Luther King, Jr., Day" and as a day of service in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and recognizing January 15, 2024, as "Martin Luther King, Jr., Day" and as a day of service in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing January 21 through 27, 2024, as "Data Privacy Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing January 21 through 27, 2024, as "Data Privacy Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of January 2024 as "School Director Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of January 2024 as "School Director Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 11, 2024, as the "International Day of Women and Girls in Science" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 11, 2024, as the "International Day of Women and Girls in Science" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 2, 2024, as "Rheumatoid Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 2, 2024, as "Rheumatoid Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of March 10 through 16, 2024, as "Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of March 10 through 16, 2024, as "Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2024 as "Limb Loss Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2024 as "Limb Loss Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2024 as "Pennsylvania 8-1-1 Safe Digging Month.". Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2024 as "Pennsylvania 8-1-1 Safe Digging Month."
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2024 as "Women's History Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2024 as "Women's History Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 17, 2024, as "St. Patrick's Day" and designating October 7, 2024, as "The 100th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Ireland and the United States of America Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing March 17, 2024, as "St. Patrick's Day" and designating October 7, 2024, as "The 100th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Ireland and the United States of America Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2024, as "Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2024, as "Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Supporting an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to establish that election spending may be regulated to ensure that every resident may exercise the rights to free speech, political participation and meaningful representation, and to protect republican self-government and federalism.. Description: A Resolution supporting an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to establish that election spending may be regulated to ensure that every resident may exercise the rights to free speech, political participation and meaningful representation, and to protect republican self-government and federalism.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study, issue a report and make recommendations on the current status, management, structure, policies and finances of the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study, issue a report and make recommendations on the current status, management, structure, policies and finances of the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of August 2024 as "Civic Health Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of August 2024 as "Civic Health Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2024 as "National Athletic Training Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2024 as "National Athletic Training Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of April 8 through 14, 2024, as "Local Government Week" and April 10, 2024, as "Local Government Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of April 8 through 14, 2024, as "Local Government Week" and April 10, 2024, as "Local Government Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 19, 2024, as "The Pennsylvania State University IFC/Panhellenic Dance Marathon (THON) Day" in Pennsylvania and congratulating THON for raising nearly $17 million for the Four Diamonds Fund at Penn State Hershey Children's Hospital to help fight pediatric cancer.. Description: A Resolution designating March 19, 2024, as "The Pennsylvania State University IFC/Panhellenic Dance Marathon (THON) Day" in Pennsylvania and congratulating THON for raising nearly $17 million for the Four Diamonds Fund at Penn State Hershey Children's Hospital to help fight pediatric cancer.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 9, 2024, as "Paul Robeson Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 9, 2024, as "Paul Robeson Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 21 through 27, 2024, as "National Crime Victims' Rights Week" in Pennsylvania to recognize the rights of crime victims and survivors, along with those professionals who provide important services to victims of crime.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 21 through 27, 2024, as "National Crime Victims' Rights Week" in Pennsylvania to recognize the rights of crime victims and survivors, along with those professionals who provide important services to victims of crime.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Pennsylvania Task Force on Agent Orange and Other Toxins to study and issue a report on how best to connect veterans who were exposed to Agent Orange and other toxins and their families with the VA benefits for which they may be eligible.. Description: A Resolution establishing the Pennsylvania Task Force on Agent Orange and Other Toxins to study and issue a report on how best to connect veterans who were exposed to Agent Orange and other toxins and their families with the VA benefits for which they may be eligible.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 29, 2024, as "Vietnam Veterans Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 29, 2024, as "Vietnam Veterans Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 19 through 25, 2024, as "Emergency Medical Services Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 19 through 25, 2024, as "Emergency Medical Services Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating August 19, 2024, as "Marion Munley Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating August 19, 2024, as "Marion Munley Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 17, 2024, as "Necrotizing Enterocolitis (NEC) Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing May 17, 2024, as "Necrotizing Enterocolitis (NEC) Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2024 as "National Social Work Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2024 as "National Social Work Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the sale of property known as the former Philipsburg Elementary School located at 740-750 Orchard Street in the Borough of California, Washington County. (This is a State System of Higher Education Property Request where final action on this request must occur within 30 calendar days following its date of transmittal to the General Assembly, excluding days on which either house is not in session because of an adjournment of more than 10 days to a day certain, or the request is deemed approved.). Description: A Resolution authorizing the sale of property known as the former Philipsburg Elementary School located at 740-750 Orchard Street in the Borough of California, Washington County. (This is a State System of Higher Education Property Request where final action on this request must occur within 30 calendar days following its date of transmittal to the General Assembly, excluding days on which either house is not in session because of an adjournment of more than 10 days to a day certain, or the request is deemed approved.)
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 25, 2024, as "National Medal of Honor Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing March 25, 2024, as "National Medal of Honor Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring Jacobus Franciscus "Jim" Thorpe by designating May 28, 2024, as "Jim Thorpe Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution honoring Jacobus Franciscus "Jim" Thorpe by designating May 28, 2024, as "Jim Thorpe Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2024 as "Retinal Blindness Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2024 as "Retinal Blindness Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of July 2024 as "Muslim Heritage and Appreciation Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of July 2024 as "Muslim Heritage and Appreciation Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Howard Fargo.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Howard Fargo.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Thomas Dempsey.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Thomas Dempsey.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Fred Noye.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Fred Noye.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Federal Communications Commission to collaborate with the National Football League and national broadcast partners to develop a system where fan input is considered when assigning secondary market broadcasts.. Description: A Resolution urging the Federal Communications Commission to collaborate with the National Football League and national broadcast partners to develop a system where fan input is considered when assigning secondary market broadcasts.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2024 as "Hawk Mountain Sanctuary Bird Migration Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2024 as "Hawk Mountain Sanctuary Bird Migration Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Harry Bowser.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Harry Bowser.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Paul Crowley.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Paul Crowley.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Lynwood Savage.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Lynwood Savage.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2024 as "Jewish American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2024 as "Jewish American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 9 through 15, 2024, as "National Stuttering Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 9 through 15, 2024, as "National Stuttering Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 15 through 21, 2024, as "National Osteopathic Medicine Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 15 through 21, 2024, as "National Osteopathic Medicine Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2024 as "Donate Life Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2024 as "Donate Life Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 18, 2024, as "Lineworker Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 18, 2024, as "Lineworker Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 11 through 17, 2024, as "Black Maternal Health Week" in Pennsylvania to bring attention to the maternal health crisis and the importance of reducing maternal mortality and morbidity among Black women.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 11 through 17, 2024, as "Black Maternal Health Week" in Pennsylvania to bring attention to the maternal health crisis and the importance of reducing maternal mortality and morbidity among Black women.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 6 through 12, 2024, as "Week of the Young Child" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 6 through 12, 2024, as "Week of the Young Child" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2024 as "Military Suicide Prevention and Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2024 as "Military Suicide Prevention and Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2024 as "National Poetry Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2024 as "National Poetry Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 14 through 20, 2024, as "Public Safety Telecommunicators Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 14 through 20, 2024, as "Public Safety Telecommunicators Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the memory of law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty.. Description: A Resolution honoring the memory of law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 15 through 19, 2024, as "National Work Zone Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 15 through 19, 2024, as "National Work Zone Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 18, 2024, as "Erie Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 18, 2024, as "Erie Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2024 as "Sexual Assault Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2024 as "Sexual Assault Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 21 through 27, 2024, as "National Infertility Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 21 through 27, 2024, as "National Infertility Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 6 through 12, 2024, as "Women's Lung Health Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 6 through 12, 2024, as "Women's Lung Health Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of August 5 through 9, 2024, as "National Conference of State Legislatures Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of August 5 through 9, 2024, as "National Conference of State Legislatures Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 17 through 23, 2024, as "Pollinator Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 17 through 23, 2024, as "Pollinator Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 20, 2024, as "Rescue Dog Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 20, 2024, as "Rescue Dog Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2024 as "Asian-American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2024 as "Asian-American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 17 through 21, 2024, as "Apprenticeship Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 17 through 21, 2024, as "Apprenticeship Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2024 as "Fitness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2024 as "Fitness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2024, as "National Police Week" and May 15, 2024, as "Peace Officers Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2024, as "National Police Week" and May 15, 2024, as "Peace Officers Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of July 2024 as "Parks and Recreation Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of July 2024 as "Parks and Recreation Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., for more than a century of commitment to social activism, academic excellence and civic engagement in this Commonwealth on the occasion of "Delta Day" at the State Capitol.. Description: A Resolution recognizing and honoring the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., for more than a century of commitment to social activism, academic excellence and civic engagement in this Commonwealth on the occasion of "Delta Day" at the State Capitol.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 7, 2024, as "Cancer Action Day" in Pennsylvania to identify the burden of cancer and urge the advancement of legislation in support of cancer prevention, detection and treatment throughout this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution designating May 7, 2024, as "Cancer Action Day" in Pennsylvania to identify the burden of cancer and urge the advancement of legislation in support of cancer prevention, detection and treatment throughout this Commonwealth.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 8, 2024, as "Marian Anderson Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 8, 2024, as "Marian Anderson Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2024 as "Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2024 as "Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on the growth and changes of short-term rentals operating in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on the growth and changes of short-term rentals operating in this Commonwealth.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for nondisclosure agreements relating to sexual harassment.. Description: An Act providing for nondisclosure agreements relating to sexual harassment.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 2 through 8, 2024, as "Chesapeake Bay Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 2 through 8, 2024, as "Chesapeake Bay Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 17, 2024, as "World Neurofibromatosis Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing May 17, 2024, as "World Neurofibromatosis Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 24 through 28, 2024, as "Union Organizing Week" in Pennsylvania, in honor of those workers who have fought for their right to organize and bargain collectively at their workplace.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 24 through 28, 2024, as "Union Organizing Week" in Pennsylvania, in honor of those workers who have fought for their right to organize and bargain collectively at their workplace.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States to continue its support of Taiwan and commemorating the 45th anniversary of the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to continue its support of Taiwan and commemorating the 45th anniversary of the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2024 as "Mental Health Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2024 as "Mental Health Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 4, 2024, as "Links Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 4, 2024, as "Links Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2024 as "Bike Month," the week of May 13 through 19, 2024, as "Bike to Work Week" and May 17, 2024, as "Bike to Work Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2024 as "Bike Month," the week of May 13 through 19, 2024, as "Bike to Work Week" and May 17, 2024, as "Bike to Work Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2024 as "Dairy Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2024 as "Dairy Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating July 22, 2024, as "Hemihyperplasia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating July 22, 2024, as "Hemihyperplasia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2024 as "Pennsylvania Municipal Retirement System Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2024 as "Pennsylvania Municipal Retirement System Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of June 17 through 23, 2024, as "Sanitation Workers Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of June 17 through 23, 2024, as "Sanitation Workers Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 15, 2024, as "Elder Abuse Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 15, 2024, as "Elder Abuse Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Extending condolences on the death of the Honorable James R. Roebuck of Philadelphia, who represented the 188th Legislative District in the House of Representatives from 1985 through 2020.. Description: A Resolution extending condolences on the death of the Honorable James R. Roebuck of Philadelphia, who represented the 188th Legislative District in the House of Representatives from 1985 through 2020.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating July 19, 2024, as "Parks and Recreation Professionals Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating July 19, 2024, as "Parks and Recreation Professionals Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2024 as "Italian-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2024 as "Italian-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing June 19, 2024, as "Juneteenth Independence Day" in Pennsylvania in commemoration of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery was abolished finally in all regions of the United States.. Description: A Resolution recognizing June 19, 2024, as "Juneteenth Independence Day" in Pennsylvania in commemoration of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery was abolished finally in all regions of the United States.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of July 2024 as "MECP2 Duplication Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of July 2024 as "MECP2 Duplication Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of June 2024 as "National Safety Month" in Pennsylvania in recognition that preventing injuries and deaths requires the cooperation of all levels of government, employers and the general public.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of June 2024 as "National Safety Month" in Pennsylvania in recognition that preventing injuries and deaths requires the cooperation of all levels of government, employers and the general public.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing August 9, 2024, as "Smokey Bear's 80th Birthday" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing August 9, 2024, as "Smokey Bear's 80th Birthday" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of June 2024 as "Scleroderma Awareness Month" and June 29, 2024, as "World Scleroderma Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of June 2024 as "Scleroderma Awareness Month" and June 29, 2024, as "World Scleroderma Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Extending sincere condolences on the death of the Honorable Kent D. Shelhamer, Sr., a former member from North Centre Township, Columbia County.. Description: A Resolution extending sincere condolences on the death of the Honorable Kent D. Shelhamer, Sr., a former member from North Centre Township, Columbia County.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing June 25, 2024, as "World Vitiligo Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing June 25, 2024, as "World Vitiligo Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 23, 2024, as "Widows' and Widowers' Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 23, 2024, as "Widows' and Widowers' Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and make recommendations on non-academic barriers students face getting accepted into career and technical education programs and identifying the barriers.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and make recommendations on non-academic barriers students face getting accepted into career and technical education programs and identifying the barriers.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing July 25, 2024, as "World IVF Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing July 25, 2024, as "World IVF Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of June 2024 as "Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of June 2024 as "Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 30, 2024, as "Mayor Elizabeth 'Libby' White Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 30, 2024, as "Mayor Elizabeth 'Libby' White Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 6, 2024, as "German American Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 6, 2024, as "German American Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2024 as "Homemade Sauerkraut Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2024 as "Homemade Sauerkraut Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 23 through 29, 2024, as "Rail Safety Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 23 through 29, 2024, as "Rail Safety Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 13 through 19, 2024, as "Credit Union Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 13 through 19, 2024, as "Credit Union Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2024 as "Wine, Wineries and Grapes Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2024 as "Wine, Wineries and Grapes Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2024 as "Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2024 as "Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 10, 2024, as "National Day of the Republic of China (Taiwan)" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 10, 2024, as "National Day of the Republic of China (Taiwan)" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2024 as "Suicide Prevention Awareness Month" and September 10, 2024, as "World Suicide Prevention Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2024 as "Suicide Prevention Awareness Month" and September 10, 2024, as "World Suicide Prevention Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2024 as "Emergency Preparedness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2024 as "Emergency Preparedness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2024 as "Polish American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2024 as "Polish American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2024 as "National Recovery Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2024 as "National Recovery Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2024 as "Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2024 as "Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2024 as "Hunger Action Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2024 as "Hunger Action Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 15 through October 15, 2024, as "Hispanic Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing September 15 through October 15, 2024, as "Hispanic Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing November 11, 2024, as "Veterans Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing November 11, 2024, as "Veterans Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 9, 2024, as "Ageism Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 9, 2024, as "Ageism Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and service of the Honorable Frank W. Yandrisevits, a former member from Northampton, who died May 20, 2024, at 69 years of age.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and service of the Honorable Frank W. Yandrisevits, a former member from Northampton, who died May 20, 2024, at 69 years of age.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 17, 2024, as "Chuck Tanner Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 17, 2024, as "Chuck Tanner Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of November 11 through 15, 2024, as "Certified Public Accountant Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of November 11 through 15, 2024, as "Certified Public Accountant Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 22, 2024, as "Kappa Alpha Psi Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 22, 2024, as "Kappa Alpha Psi Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 19, 2024, as "National Move Over Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 19, 2024, as "National Move Over Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 12, 2024, as "1982 Cheyney State College Lady Wolves Women's Basketball Team Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 12, 2024, as "1982 Cheyney State College Lady Wolves Women's Basketball Team Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Remembering the Honorable Robert C. Wise, a five-term former member of the House of Representatives from the 83rd District, Lycoming County, who died September 3, 2024, at 99 years of age.. Description: A Resolution remembering the Honorable Robert C. Wise, a five-term former member of the House of Representatives from the 83rd District, Lycoming County, who died September 3, 2024, at 99 years of age.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the year of 2024 as the "Year of the Franklin Institute" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the year of 2024 as the "Year of the Franklin Institute" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of November 11 through 15, 2024, as "Pennsylvania Education for Students Experiencing Homelessness Awareness Week" and November 15, 2024, as "Red Shirt Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of November 11 through 15, 2024, as "Pennsylvania Education for Students Experiencing Homelessness Awareness Week" and November 15, 2024, as "Red Shirt Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating August 4, 2025, as "BAPS Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating August 4, 2025, as "BAPS Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Expressing condolences upon the death of the Honorable Austin J. Murphy, Jr., a member of the House of Representatives from 1959 through 1971.. Description: A Resolution expressing condolences upon the death of the Honorable Austin J. Murphy, Jr., a member of the House of Representatives from 1959 through 1971.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting Ethical Conduct Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution adopting Ethical Conduct Rules of the Senate.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting Financial Operating Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution adopting Financial Operating Rules of the Senate.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 207th and 208th Regular Session.. Description: A Resolution adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 207th and 208th Regular Session.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution providing for committees for inauguration of the Governor-elect.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution providing for committees for inauguration of the Governor-elect.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the President of the United States to restart and expedite the completion of the Keystone XL pipeline.. Description: A Resolution urging the President of the United States to restart and expedite the completion of the Keystone XL pipeline.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and service of Brackenridge Police Chief, Justin McIntire.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and service of Brackenridge Police Chief, Justin McIntire.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 15 through 22, 2023, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 15 through 22, 2023, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and service of Marvin L. Gruber, firefighter for the Community Fire Company of New Tripoli, who was killed in the line of duty on December 7, 2022.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and service of Marvin L. Gruber, firefighter for the Community Fire Company of New Tripoli, who was killed in the line of duty on December 7, 2022.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and service of Assistant Fire Chief Zachary T.A. Paris, with the Community Fire Company of New Tripoli, who was killed in the line of duty on December 7, 2022.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and service of Assistant Fire Chief Zachary T.A. Paris, with the Community Fire Company of New Tripoli, who was killed in the line of duty on December 7, 2022.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Proposing a special rule of practice and procedure in the Senate when sitting on impeachment trials.. Description: A Resolution proposing a special rule of practice and procedure in the Senate when sitting on impeachment trials.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of former Attorney General William C. Sennett and expressing condolences on his passing.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of former Attorney General William C. Sennett and expressing condolences on his passing.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to address the process of porting.. Description: A Resolution urging the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to address the process of porting.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish the Task Force on Women Veterans' Health Care.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish the Task Force on Women Veterans' Health Care.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the United States Department of Agriculture to include 2% and whole milk in the Nutrition Standards for the National School Lunch and Breakfast Programs and as a Smart Snacks option and urging the United States Department of Health and Human Services to recommend to the Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee to modify the milk standard to include 2% and whole milk.. Description: A Resolution urging the United States Department of Agriculture to include 2% and whole milk in the Nutrition Standards for the National School Lunch and Breakfast Programs and as a Smart Snacks option and urging the United States Department of Health and Human Services to recommend to the Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee to modify the milk standard to include 2% and whole milk.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and service of McKeesport Police Officer Sean L. Sluganski.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and service of McKeesport Police Officer Sean L. Sluganski.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the impact of the East Palestine, Ohio, train derailment on residents of this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the impact of the East Palestine, Ohio, train derailment on residents of this Commonwealth.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and service of Temple University Police Sergeant Christopher Fitzgerald.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and service of Temple University Police Sergeant Christopher Fitzgerald.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.. Description: A Resolution adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a performance audit of the Neighborhood Improvement Zone and Allentown Neighborhood Improvement Zone Development Authority programs administered by the Department of Revenue.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a performance audit of the Neighborhood Improvement Zone and Allentown Neighborhood Improvement Zone Development Authority programs administered by the Department of Revenue.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and issue a report on the issue of consolidated billing in the retail electricity and other energy markets in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and issue a report on the issue of consolidated billing in the retail electricity and other energy markets in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study on the emergency medical services providers in this Commonwealth and the financial impact of nonreimbursable services for emergency response calls not resulting in a medical assistance beneficiary receiving transportation to a hospital or treatment facility and to issue a report of its findings and recommendations to the Senate.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study on the emergency medical services providers in this Commonwealth and the financial impact of nonreimbursable services for emergency response calls not resulting in a medical assistance beneficiary receiving transportation to a hospital or treatment facility and to issue a report of its findings and recommendations to the Senate.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Federal Housing Finance Agency to rescind changes to Fannie Mae's and Freddie Mac's single-family pricing framework for home purchases, rate-term refinance and cash-out refinance loans that affect homebuyers in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution urging the Federal Housing Finance Agency to rescind changes to Fannie Mae's and Freddie Mac's single-family pricing framework for home purchases, rate-term refinance and cash-out refinance loans that affect homebuyers in this Commonwealth.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on June 12, 2023, in response to the collapse of the northbound bridge and severe compromise of the southbound bridge on Interstate 95 in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on June 12, 2023, in response to the collapse of the northbound bridge and severe compromise of the southbound bridge on Interstate 95 in the City of Philadelphia, Philadelphia County.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Observing June 19, 2023, as "Juneteenth National Freedom Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution observing June 19, 2023, as "Juneteenth National Freedom Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 50th anniversary of Hershey's Chocolate World and designating June 30, 2023, as "Hershey's Chocolate World Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 50th anniversary of Hershey's Chocolate World and designating June 30, 2023, as "Hershey's Chocolate World Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating September 18, 2023, as "State Grange Day" in Pennsylvania and celebrating the Pennsylvania State Grange on its 150th anniversary.. Description: A Resolution designating September 18, 2023, as "State Grange Day" in Pennsylvania and celebrating the Pennsylvania State Grange on its 150th anniversary.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and service of Shawn Giles.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and service of Shawn Giles.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study evaluating the effectiveness and efficiency of the various workforce development programs administered by Commonwealth agencies.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study evaluating the effectiveness and efficiency of the various workforce development programs administered by Commonwealth agencies.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study evaluating the outcomes of Act 44 of 2018 and to issue a report of its findings and recommendations.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study evaluating the outcomes of Act 44 of 2018 and to issue a report of its findings and recommendations.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of JoAnne Epps, 13th President of Temple University, and expressing heartfelt condolences to her family, friends, students and colleagues.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of JoAnne Epps, 13th President of Temple University, and expressing heartfelt condolences to her family, friends, students and colleagues.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Condemning the recent Hamas attacks and expressing condolences and support for the State of Israel and its people in opposition to barbaric terrorism.. Description: A Resolution condemning the recent Hamas attacks and expressing condolences and support for the State of Israel and its people in opposition to barbaric terrorism.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Condemning the unprovoked terrorist attack launched by Hamas against the State of Israel on October 7, 2023, during the sacred Jewish Sabbath, also known as Shabbat; and expressing deep condolences to the families of those who have lost their lives as a result of this senseless act of violence.. Description: A Resolution condemning the unprovoked terrorist attack launched by Hamas against the State of Israel on October 7, 2023, during the sacred Jewish Sabbath, also known as Shabbat; and expressing deep condolences to the families of those who have lost their lives as a result of this senseless act of violence.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Pennsylvania Commission on Sentencing to conduct a thorough and comprehensive study on the effects that post-traumatic stress disorder or injury, military sexual trauma and traumatic brain injury have on service members, veterans and their families who are directly or indirectly involved or implicated in any portion or component of the criminal justice system.. Description: A Resolution directing the Pennsylvania Commission on Sentencing to conduct a thorough and comprehensive study on the effects that post-traumatic stress disorder or injury, military sexual trauma and traumatic brain injury have on service members, veterans and their families who are directly or indirectly involved or implicated in any portion or component of the criminal justice system.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and dedication of United States Army Sergeant Richard "Dick" Marvin Sharrow who was killed in action during the Korean War 73 years ago.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and dedication of United States Army Sergeant Richard "Dick" Marvin Sharrow who was killed in action during the Korean War 73 years ago.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life and honoring the memory of Trooper Jacques F. Rougeau Jr., who gave his life in the line of duty on June 17, 2023.. Description: A Resolution celebrating the life and honoring the memory of Trooper Jacques F. Rougeau Jr., who gave his life in the line of duty on June 17, 2023.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 14 through 21, 2024, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 14 through 21, 2024, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Federal Communications Commission and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to make a rule requiring automakers to maintain free, broadcast AM radio in all vehicles.. Description: A Resolution urging the Federal Communications Commission and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to make a rule requiring automakers to maintain free, broadcast AM radio in all vehicles.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the President of the United States to secure our border and provide the needed policies and resources to protect American citizens and communities throughout this country from the effects of illegal immigration.. Description: A Resolution urging the President of the United States to secure our border and provide the needed policies and resources to protect American citizens and communities throughout this country from the effects of illegal immigration.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of February 2024 as "Black History Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of February 2024 as "Black History Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Governor to offer the services of the Pennsylvania National Guard to the State of Texas in support of Operation Lone Star.. Description: A Resolution urging the Governor to offer the services of the Pennsylvania National Guard to the State of Texas in support of Operation Lone Star.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2024, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.. Description: A Resolution adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2024, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States to pursue legislative remedies to allow individuals 18, 19 and 20 years of age with a Commercial Driver's License to participate in interstate commerce activities.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to pursue legislative remedies to allow individuals 18, 19 and 20 years of age with a Commercial Driver's License to participate in interstate commerce activities.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Chief of the National Guard Bureau to select Pennsylvania as the new State partner with the Kingdom of Sweden under the State Partnership Program.. Description: A Resolution urging the Chief of the National Guard Bureau to select Pennsylvania as the new State partner with the Kingdom of Sweden under the State Partnership Program.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Fred C. Noye and expressing condolences on his passing.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Fred C. Noye and expressing condolences on his passing.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States to pass H.R. 3023, the Treatment and Relief through Emerging and Accessible Therapy for PTSD Act.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to pass H.R. 3023, the Treatment and Relief through Emerging and Accessible Therapy for PTSD Act.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and service of Toty Boley.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and service of Toty Boley.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the President of the Senate to instruct the Sergeant-at-Arms to bring Patrick M. Browne, Secretary of Revenue, before the bar of the Senate for refusal to comply with a subpoena issued by the Committee on Intergovernmental Operations.. Description: A Resolution directing the President of the Senate to instruct the Sergeant-at-Arms to bring Patrick M. Browne, Secretary of Revenue, before the bar of the Senate for refusal to comply with a subpoena issued by the Committee on Intergovernmental Operations.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States, along with the National Collegiate Athletic Association, to pursue legislative remedies that would help provide uniformity of the name, image and likeness policy across the states.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States, along with the National Collegiate Athletic Association, to pursue legislative remedies that would help provide uniformity of the name, image and likeness policy across the states.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Proposing a special rule of practice and procedure in the Senate when sitting on the refusal to comply with a subpoena issued by a Senate standing committee.. Description: A Resolution proposing a special rule of practice and procedure in the Senate when sitting on the refusal to comply with a subpoena issued by a Senate standing committee.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Expressing condolences and honoring the life and legacy of the Honorable Noah W. Wenger.. Description: A Resolution expressing condolences and honoring the life and legacy of the Honorable Noah W. Wenger.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and celebrating the achievements of the Honorable Henry George Hager III and expressing condolences to his family and friends on his passing.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and celebrating the achievements of the Honorable Henry George Hager III and expressing condolences to his family and friends on his passing.
In 2024, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the year of 2024 as the "Year of The Franklin Institute" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the year of 2024 as the "Year of The Franklin Institute" in Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for courts to be open and suits against the Commonwealth.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for courts to be open and suits against the Commonwealth.
In 2023, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In limitation of time, further providing for infancy, insanity or imprisonment; in matters affecting government units, further providing for exceptions to sovereign immunity and for exceptions to governmental immunity; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in limitation of time, further providing for infancy, insanity or imprisonment; in matters affecting government units, further providing for exceptions to sovereign immunity and for exceptions to governmental immunity; and making a repeal.
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the Operating Rules For The Special Session On Providing Justice To Otherwise Barred Victims Of Childhood Sexual Abuse (Special Session No. 1).. Description: A Resolution providing for the Operating Rules For The Special Session On Providing Justice To Otherwise Barred Victims Of Childhood Sexual Abuse (Special Session No. 1).
In 2023, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the adoption of a temporary rule relating to the consideration of a resolution providing for the Operating Rules For The Special Session On Providing Justice To Otherwise Barred Victims Of Childhood Sexual Abuse (Special Session No. 1).. Description: A Resolution providing for the adoption of a temporary rule relating to the consideration of a resolution providing for the Operating Rules For The Special Session On Providing Justice To Otherwise Barred Victims Of Childhood Sexual Abuse (Special Session No. 1).
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 92 from Apple Tree Road to Rustic Lane in Exeter Township, Luzerne County, as the Robert F. Kile, Sr., Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 13861, carrying State Route 1025 over State Route 1014 in East Pennsboro Township, Cumberland County, as the Senator Hal Mowery Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 15986, on that portion of Interstate 79 northbound over West 16th Street in the City of Erie, Erie County, as the U.S. Marine Captain Thomas J. Kennedy, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge identified as Bridge Key 16385 on the portion of State Route 4016, also known as West 38th Street, between Schaper Avenue and Pittsburgh Avenue over Interstate 79 in the City of Erie as the Major Tom Carr Memorial Bridge; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 92 from Apple Tree Road to Rustic Lane in Exeter Township, Luzerne County, as the Robert F. Kile, Sr., Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 13861, carrying State Route 1025 over State Route 1014 in East Pennsboro Township, Cumberland County, as the Senator Hal Mowery Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 15986, on that portion of Interstate 79 northbound over West 16th Street in the City of Erie, Erie County, as the U.S. Marine Captain Thomas J. Kennedy, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge identified as Bridge Key 16385 on the portion of State Route 4016, also known as West 38th Street, between Schaper Avenue and Pittsburgh Avenue over Interstate 79 in the City of Erie as the Major Tom Carr Memorial Bridge; and making related repeals.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46475, carrying State Route 1021 over the Susquehanna River in Wyoming Borough, Luzerne County, as the George J. Dennis, Jr., Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46475, carrying State Route 1021 over the Susquehanna River in Wyoming Borough, Luzerne County, as the George J. Dennis, Jr., Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for courts to be open and suits against the Commonwealth.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for courts to be open and suits against the Commonwealth.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 40269, on that portion of US 219 Southbound over State Route 2047, Summit Township, Somerset County, as the SP4 Michael William Twigg Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 40269, on that portion of US 219 Southbound over State Route 2047, Summit Township, Somerset County, as the SP4 Michael William Twigg Memorial Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for respiratory therapists, for perfusionist, for genetic counselor and for prosthetists, orthotists, pedorthists and orthotic fitters; providing for behavior analysts and assistant behavior analysts; and further providing for licenses and certificates and general qualification.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 1985 (P.L.457, No.112), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1985, further providing for definitions, for respiratory therapists, for perfusionist, for genetic counselor and for prosthetists, orthotists, pedorthists and orthotic fitters; providing for behavior analysts and assistant behavior analysts; and further providing for licenses and certificates and general qualification.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43976, on that portion of State Route 1010 over Chatham Run, Pine Creek Township, Clinton County, as the Tech. Corporal Lee R. Phillips Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43976, on that portion of State Route 1010 over Chatham Run, Pine Creek Township, Clinton County, as the Tech. Corporal Lee R. Phillips Memorial Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preparation for and conduct of primaries and elections, providing for ballot securement.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in preparation for and conduct of primaries and elections, providing for ballot securement.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for miscellaneous provisions and for recovery audits.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for miscellaneous provisions and for recovery audits.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for financial transparency.. Description: An Act amending Title 72 (Taxation and Fiscal Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for financial transparency.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing separate and distinct amendments to the Constitution of Pennsylvania, in declaration of rights, providing for prohibition against denial or abridgment of equality of rights because of race and ethnicity; in legislation, further providing for action on concurrent orders and resolutions; and, in the executive, providing for disaster emergency declaration and management.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing separate and distinct amendments to the Constitution of Pennsylvania, in declaration of rights, providing for prohibition against denial or abridgment of equality of rights because of race and ethnicity; in legislation, further providing for action on concurrent orders and resolutions; and, in the executive, providing for disaster emergency declaration and management.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8516, carrying State Route 271 over the West Branch Susquehanna River, Northern Cambria Borough, Cambria County, as the Sergeant William Stock Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8516, carrying State Route 271 over the West Branch Susquehanna River, Northern Cambria Borough, Cambria County, as the Sergeant William Stock Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4001 over Crooked Creek, Armstrong Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant Carl Roof Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4001 over Crooked Creek, Armstrong Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant Carl Roof Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the administration and distribution of COVID-19 vaccinations in this Commonwealth.. Description: An Act relating to the administration and distribution of COVID-19 vaccinations in this Commonwealth.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for repair obligations, for manufacturer's duty for refund or replacement and for presumption of a reasonable number of attempts.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 28, 1984 (P.L.150, No.28), known as the Automobile Lemon Law, further providing for definitions, for repair obligations, for manufacturer's duty for refund or replacement and for presumption of a reasonable number of attempts.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for proposed regulations and procedures for review and for final-form regulations and final-omitted regulations and procedures for review; providing for regulations deemed withdrawn; further providing for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations by the commission; and providing for concurrent resolution required for economically significant regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1982 (P.L.633, No.181), known as the Regulatory Review Act, further providing for definitions, for proposed regulations and procedures for review and for final-form regulations and final-omitted regulations and procedures for review; providing for regulations deemed withdrawn; further providing for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations by the commission; and providing for concurrent resolution required for economically significant regulations.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for limited civil liability for agritourism activity providers, for notice of limited civil liability and for acknowledgment of limited civil liability.. Description: An Act providing for limited civil liability for agritourism activity providers, for notice of limited civil liability and for acknowledgment of limited civil liability.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of assault of law enforcement officer, for the offense of assault by prisoner and for the offense of assault by life prisoner; and, in sentencing, further providing for sentences for second and subsequent offenses and for sentences for offenses committed against law enforcement officer.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of assault of law enforcement officer, for the offense of assault by prisoner and for the offense of assault by life prisoner; and, in sentencing, further providing for sentences for second and subsequent offenses and for sentences for offenses committed against law enforcement officer.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the assessment of improper payments by Commonwealth agencies and for public information on payments and programs of Commonwealth agencies.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for the assessment of improper payments by Commonwealth agencies and for public information on payments and programs of Commonwealth agencies.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for improper payments; and establishing Do-Not-Pay Initiative.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for improper payments; and establishing Do-Not-Pay Initiative.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for Hardwoods Development Council.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 21, 1988 (P.L.1036, No.116), known as the Hardwoods Development Council Act, further providing for Hardwoods Development Council.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to operation of vehicles, further providing for obedience to authorized persons directing traffic and providing for drivers in organized motorcycle processions; and, in rules of the road in general, further providing for following too closely.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions relating to operation of vehicles, further providing for obedience to authorized persons directing traffic and providing for drivers in organized motorcycle processions; and, in rules of the road in general, further providing for following too closely.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the final disposition of fetal remains; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act providing for the final disposition of fetal remains; and imposing penalties.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Keystone Solvency Operating Study Commission and providing for its powers and duties and for a report.. Description: An Act establishing the Keystone Solvency Operating Study Commission and providing for its powers and duties and for a report.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the transfer of Project 70 restrictions from 0.043 acres of State Game Land 249 that will be purchased by the Department of Transportation for highway right-of-way to 0.043 acres of replacement game land that will be deeded over to the Pennsylvania Game Commission by the Department of Transportation; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the. Description: An Act authorizing the transfer of Project 70 restrictions from 0.043 acres of State Game Land 249 that will be purchased by the Department of Transportation for highway right-of-way to 0.043 acres of replacement game land that will be deeded over to the Pennsylvania Game Commission by the Department of Transportation; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, further providing for vehicles exempt from registration; and, in licensing of drivers, further providing for persons exempt from licensing.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, further providing for vehicles exempt from registration; and, in licensing of drivers, further providing for persons exempt from licensing.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8680, carrying State Route 3055 over Stonycreek River in the City of Johnstown, Cambria County, as the City of Johnstown Firefighters Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8680, carrying State Route 3055 over Stonycreek River in the City of Johnstown, Cambria County, as the City of Johnstown Firefighters Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 1951, carrying State Route 4017 on Wetzel Road, Shaler Township, Allegheny County, as the Commander William J. Schofield, III, Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 1951, carrying State Route 4017 on Wetzel Road, Shaler Township, Allegheny County, as the Commander William J. Schofield, III, Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In determination of compensation, appeals, reviews and procedure, further providing for rules of procedure and for place of hearing.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 5, 1936 (2nd Sp.Sess., 1937 P.L.2897, No.1), known as the Unemployment Compensation Law, in determination of compensation, appeals, reviews and procedure, further providing for rules of procedure and for place of hearing.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In facilities and supplies, further providing for deposits into account.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in facilities and supplies, further providing for deposits into account.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the administration of permits by State agencies, for a tracking system for permit applications, for the establishment of permit programs and for annual reports.. Description: An Act providing for the administration of permits by State agencies, for a tracking system for permit applications, for the establishment of permit programs and for annual reports.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In subdivision and land development, providing for nonbuilding lots.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 31, 1968 (P.L.805, No.247), known as the Pennsylvania Municipalities Planning Code, in subdivision and land development, providing for nonbuilding lots.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration system, further providing for SURE system; in voter registration, further providing for approval of registration applications; in records, further providing for public information lists; and, in changes in records, further providing for removal notices, for transfer of registration and for death of registrant.. Description: An Act amending Title 25 (Elections) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration system, further providing for SURE system; in voter registration, further providing for approval of registration applications; in records, further providing for public information lists; and, in changes in records, further providing for removal notices, for transfer of registration and for death of registrant.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 25488, carrying State Route 1011 over the Mix Creek, Eldred Township, McKean County, as the Sgt. Neil K. Dorrion Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 25488, carrying State Route 1011 over the Mix Creek, Eldred Township, McKean County, as the Sgt. Neil K. Dorrion Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 39504, carrying Pennsylvania Route 3004 over the Allegheny River, Roulette Township, Potter County, as the SSG Gerrith Kibbe Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 39504, carrying Pennsylvania Route 3004 over the Allegheny River, Roulette Township, Potter County, as the SSG Gerrith Kibbe Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8391, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 53 over Laurel Run, also known as Lost Creek, in Dean Township, Cambria County, as the Seaman 2nd Class Louis J. Benzie WWII Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8391, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 53 over Laurel Run, also known as Lost Creek, in Dean Township, Cambria County, as the Seaman 2nd Class Louis J. Benzie WWII Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge,identified as Bridge Key 8461, on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over Pennsylvania Route 53, also known as Railroad Street, in Croyle Township, Cambria County, as the Janice Keen-Livingston First Responders' Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge,identified as Bridge Key 8461, on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over Pennsylvania Route 53, also known as Railroad Street, in Croyle Township, Cambria County, as the Janice Keen-Livingston First Responders' Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 32773, on that portion of U.S. Route 6 over the Tioga River, Mansfield Borough, Tioga County, as the Mansfield Veterans Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 32773, on that portion of U.S. Route 6 over the Tioga River, Mansfield Borough, Tioga County, as the Mansfield Veterans Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In depositions and witnesses, further providing for admissibility of certain statements.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in depositions and witnesses, further providing for admissibility of certain statements.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Repealing the act of July 1, 1978 (P.L.584, No.109), entitled "An act establishing an agency to create the linkage necessary for the planning of an economic development system for Pennsylvania, and making an appropriation.". Description: An Act repealing the act of July 1, 1978 (P.L.584, No.109), entitled "An act establishing an agency to create the linkage necessary for the planning of an economic development system for Pennsylvania, and making an appropriation."
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In child protective services, further providing for definitions, for reporting procedure, for disposition of complaints received, for responsibility for investigation, for access to information in Statewide database, for information in Statewide database and for release of information in confidential reports.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child protective services, further providing for definitions, for reporting procedure, for disposition of complaints received, for responsibility for investigation, for access to information in Statewide database, for information in Statewide database and for release of information in confidential reports.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In other offenses, further providing for the offense of invasion of privacy.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in other offenses, further providing for the offense of invasion of privacy.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, providing for burial benefits.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, providing for burial benefits.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5840, on that portion of SR 4010 (17th Street) over Interstate 99 in Logan Township, Blair County, as the Honorable Richard A. Geist Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5840, on that portion of SR 4010 (17th Street) over Interstate 99 in Logan Township, Blair County, as the Honorable Richard A. Geist Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In administration of act, further providing for records of and reports by employers; in compensation, further providing for qualifications required to secure compensation and for rate and amount of compensation; in determination of compensation, appeals, reviews and procedure, further providing for determination of compensation appeals and for decision of referee and further appeals and reviews; and, in shared-work program, further providing for participating employer responsibilities.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 5, 1936 (2nd Sp.Sess., 1937 P.L.2897, No.1), known as the Unemployment Compensation Law, in administration of act, further providing for records of and reports by employers; in compensation, further providing for qualifications required to secure compensation and for rate and amount of compensation; in determination of compensation, appeals, reviews and procedure, further providing for determination of compensation appeals and for decision of referee and further appeals and reviews; and, in shared-work program, further providing for participating employer responsibilities.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of June 18, 1982 (P.L.549, No.159), entitled "An act providing for the administration of certain Commonwealth farmland within the Department of Agriculture," further providing for agricultural land conservation assistance grant program.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 18, 1982 (P.L.549, No.159), entitled "An act providing for the administration of certain Commonwealth farmland within the Department of Agriculture," further providing for agricultural land conservation assistance grant program.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In criminal homicide, further providing for the offense of causing or aiding suicide; and, in depositions and witnesses, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in criminal homicide, further providing for the offense of causing or aiding suicide; and, in depositions and witnesses, further providing for definitions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of aggravated assault.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of aggravated assault.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In size, weight and load, further providing for permit for movement during course of manufacture; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for power of Governor during emergency.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in size, weight and load, further providing for permit for movement during course of manufacture; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for power of Governor during emergency.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for donor immunity.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 10, 1981 (P.L.234, No.76), known as the Donated Food Limited Liability Act, further providing for donor immunity.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for criminal background checks for expedited licensure applicants.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 26, 2016 (P.L.891, No.112), known as the Interstate Medical Licensure Compact Act, providing for criminal background checks for expedited licensure applicants.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In military leave of absence, further providing for employment discrimination for military membership or duty.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in military leave of absence, further providing for employment discrimination for military membership or duty.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for living donor protection; and imposing duties on the Department of Health and the Insurance Department.. Description: An Act providing for living donor protection; and imposing duties on the Department of Health and the Insurance Department.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties; in powers and duties of the Department of Health and its departmental administrative and advisory boards, providing for death review teams; imposing duties on the Department of Health; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties; in powers and duties of the Department of Health and its departmental administrative and advisory boards, providing for death review teams; imposing duties on the Department of Health; and making an editorial change.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of January 19, 1968 (1967 P.L.992, No.442), entitled "An act authorizing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the local government units thereof to preserve, acquire or hold land for open space uses," further providing for local taxing options.. Description: An Act amending the act of January 19, 1968 (1967 P.L.992, No.442), entitled "An act authorizing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the local government units thereof to preserve, acquire or hold land for open space uses," further providing for local taxing options.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the creation of keystone opportunity dairy zones to facilitate the economic development of Pennsylvania's dairy industry; authorizing expenditures; providing tax exemptions, tax deductions, tax abatements and tax credits; creating additional obligations of the Commonwealth and local governmental units; and prescribing powers and duties of certain State and local departments, agencies and officials.. Description: An Act providing for the creation of keystone opportunity dairy zones to facilitate the economic development of Pennsylvania's dairy industry; authorizing expenditures; providing tax exemptions, tax deductions, tax abatements and tax credits; creating additional obligations of the Commonwealth and local governmental units; and prescribing powers and duties of certain State and local departments, agencies and officials.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In purpose, short title and definitions, further providing for definitions and construction; in general powers of the board, providing for collection of premiums; in prices of milk, providing for board established premiums and further providing for cooperatives; and, in moneys and expenses of board, further providing for Milk Marketing Fund and for payment and providing for audits.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 28, 1937 (P.L.417, No.105), known as the Milk Marketing Law, in purpose, short title and definitions, further providing for definitions and construction; in general powers of the board, providing for collection of premiums; in prices of milk, providing for board established premiums and further providing for cooperatives; and, in moneys and expenses of board, further providing for Milk Marketing Fund and for payment and providing for audits.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Independent Fiscal Office, further providing for revenue estimates.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Independent Fiscal Office, further providing for revenue estimates.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In minors, further providing for the offense of unlawful contact with minor.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in minors, further providing for the offense of unlawful contact with minor.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In school districts, further providing for how constituted.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school districts, further providing for how constituted.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In emergency COVID-19 response, further providing for money in account; and providing for opioid abuse child impact task force and for ARPA health care workforce supports.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in emergency COVID-19 response, further providing for money in account; and providing for opioid abuse child impact task force and for ARPA health care workforce supports.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for license without restriction, for institutional license and for temporary license.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 1985 (P.L.457, No.112), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1985, further providing for license without restriction, for institutional license and for temporary license.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In human trafficking, further providing for evidence and defenses to human trafficking.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in human trafficking, further providing for evidence and defenses to human trafficking.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adding provisions relating to bidder registration before sale; and, in sale of property, further providing for date of sale, for repurchase by owner, for restrictions on purchases and for sale of property in repository.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 7, 1947 (P.L.1368, No.542), known as the Real Estate Tax Sale Law, adding provisions relating to bidder registration before sale; and, in sale of property, further providing for date of sale, for repurchase by owner, for restrictions on purchases and for sale of property in repository.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In realty transfer tax, correcting a scrivener's error relating to credits against tax.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in realty transfer tax, correcting a scrivener's error relating to credits against tax.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in powers and duties of Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, further providing for specific powers and duties, for personal property and for documents and providing for Commonwealth archival records, for local government archival records and for access to older public records; and, in historic properties, further providing for title to historic property and for powers over certain historic property.. Description: An Act amending Title 37 (Historical and Museums) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in powers and duties of Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, further providing for specific powers and duties, for personal property and for documents and providing for Commonwealth archival records, for local government archival records and for access to older public records; and, in historic properties, further providing for title to historic property and for powers over certain historic property.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income relating to employee stock ownership plans.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income relating to employee stock ownership plans.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for regulatory compliance.. Description: An Act providing for regulatory compliance.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In miscellaneous provisions, providing for games of chance operations during COVID-19 disaster emergency.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 19, 1988 (P.L.1262, No.156), known as the Local Option Small Games of Chance Act, in miscellaneous provisions, providing for games of chance operations during COVID-19 disaster emergency.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Regulating milk banks that provide donor human milk in this Commonwealth.. Description: An Act regulating milk banks that provide donor human milk in this Commonwealth.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for determination of eligibility.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for determination of eligibility.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, providing for compensable services and items; and abrogating a related regulation.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, providing for compensable services and items; and abrogating a related regulation.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 30, 1984 (P.L.345, No.69), known as the First Class City Business Tax Reform Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties, further providing for civil penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties, further providing for civil penalties.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In the Governor as Commander-in-Chief, further providing for active duty for emergency.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in the Governor as Commander-in-Chief, further providing for active duty for emergency.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for legitimate cannabis-related business and incentive-based savings program; and imposing a penalty.. Description: An Act amending Title 12 (Commerce and Trade) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for legitimate cannabis-related business and incentive-based savings program; and imposing a penalty.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of April 13, 1887 (P.L.21, No.18), entitled "An act for the establishment of a uniform standard of time throughout the Commonwealth," observing daylight saving time year-around if authorized by the Congress of the United States.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 13, 1887 (P.L.21, No.18), entitled "An act for the establishment of a uniform standard of time throughout the Commonwealth," observing daylight saving time year-around if authorized by the Congress of the United States.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In administrative organization, further providing for executive officers, administrative departments and independent administrative boards and commissions, for departmental administrative boards, commissions and offices, for department heads and for gubernatorial appointments; in organization of independent administrative boards and commissions, further providing for Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency; in organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, repealing provisions relating to Board of License Private Bankers; providing for the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency and for flood plain management by the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency; in Commonwealth agency fees, further providing for Department of Banking and for Pennsylvania Securities Commission; in Independent Fiscal Office, further providing for definitions, for revenue estimates and for additional duties; in powers and duties of the Governor and other Constitutional officers of the Executive Board and of the Pennsylvania State Police, further providing for Auditor General; in powers and duties of the Department of State and its departmental administrative board, further providing for powers and duties in general and providing for equity reporting; in powers and duties of the Department of Justice and its departmental administrative boards, providing for duty of Attorney General to defend actions; in powers and duties of the Department of Banking, further providing for powers and duties in general for banking supervisory powers and for banking laws; in powers and duties of the Department of Environmental Resources, its officers and departmental and advisory boards and commissions, providing for general permit for transfer, storage or processing of oil and gas liquid waste; in powers and duties of Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, providing for Project 70; in powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry, its departmental administrative and advisory boards an departmental administrative and advisory boards and departmental administrative officers, providing for abrogation of department regulations; in powers and duties of the Department of Public Welfare and its departmental and advisory boards and commissions, providing for waiver guidance; in power and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, providing for service alignment; in powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commission, further providing for Department of Environmental Resources powers not affected; in powers and duties of Department of Revenue, repealing provisions relating to vehicle and tractor codes; in powers and duties of the Department of Community Affairs, its departmental boards, bureaus and agencies, further providing for powers and duties in general; providing for United States semiquincentennial; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in administrative organization, further providing for executive officers, administrative departments and independent administrative boards and commissions, for departmental administrative boards, commissions and offices, for department heads and for gubernatorial appointments; in organization of independent administrative boards and commissions, further providing for Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency; in organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, repealing provisions relating to Board of License Private Bankers; providing for the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency and for flood plain management by the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency; in Commonwealth agency fees, further providing for Department of Banking and for Pennsylvania Securities Commission; in Independent Fiscal Office, further providing for definitions, for revenue estimates and for additional duties; in powers and duties of the Governor and other Constitutional officers of the Executive Board and of the Pennsylvania State Police, further providing for Auditor General; in powers and duties of the Department of State and its departmental administrative board, further providing for powers and duties in general and providing for equity reporting; in powers and duties of the Department of Justice and its departmental administrative boards, providing for duty of Attorney General to defend actions; in powers and duties of the Department of Banking, further providing for powers and duties in general for banking supervisory powers and for banking laws; in powers and duties of the Department of Environmental Resources, its officers and departmental and advisory boards and commissions, providing for general permit for transfer, storage or processing of oil and gas liquid waste; in powers and duties of Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, providing for Project 70; in powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry, its departmental administrative and advisory boards an departmental administrative and advisory boards and departmental administrative officers, providing for abrogation of department regulations; in powers and duties of the Department of Public Welfare and its departmental and advisory boards and commissions, providing for waiver guidance; in power and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, providing for service alignment; in powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commission, further providing for Department of Environmental Resources powers not affected; in powers and duties of Department of Revenue, repealing provisions relating to vehicle and tractor codes; in powers and duties of the Department of Community Affairs, its departmental boards, bureaus and agencies, further providing for powers and duties in general; providing for United States semiquincentennial; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, further providing for agreements with institutions of higher education; and, in opportunities for educational excellence, further providing for definitions, for responsibilities of school entities and for concurrent enrollment agreements.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, further providing for agreements with institutions of higher education; and, in opportunities for educational excellence, further providing for definitions, for responsibilities of school entities and for concurrent enrollment agreements.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In pupils and attendance, further providing for actual cost of tuition and maintenance of certain exceptional children in the four chartered schools for education of the deaf and the blind; making a repeal; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in pupils and attendance, further providing for actual cost of tuition and maintenance of certain exceptional children in the four chartered schools for education of the deaf and the blind; making a repeal; and making editorial changes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income; and making a related repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of April 25, 1933 (P.L.74, No.49), entitled "An act relating to baseball and football on Sunday; prohibiting baseball and football on Sunday during certain hours, and also during certain other hours unless the electors of a municipality are in favor of the same and, in certain cases, a license has first been secured from the municipal authorities; providing for referendums to ascertain the will of the electors, and for the enactment and repeal of licensing ordinances and resolutions in accordance therewith; providing penalties; and repealing inconsistent laws.". Description: An Act repealing the act of April 25, 1933 (P.L.74, No.49), entitled "An act relating to baseball and football on Sunday; prohibiting baseball and football on Sunday during certain hours, and also during certain other hours unless the electors of a municipality are in favor of the same and, in certain cases, a license has first been secured from the municipal authorities; providing for referendums to ascertain the will of the electors, and for the enactment and repeal of licensing ordinances and resolutions in accordance therewith; providing penalties; and repealing inconsistent laws."
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Nonprofit Security Grant Fund, further providing for Nonprofit Security Grant Fund and for expiration; in Commonwealth services, further providing for State Fire Commissioner and for curriculum and training and providing for capital grants for municipal fire departments, for capital grants for emergency service training centers, for money for online training for firefighters and for money for reimbursement to Pennsylvania bomb squads; in volunteer firefighters, further providing for fire relief formula study; in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for award of grants for volunteer fire companies and for award of grants for emergency medical services companies; in incentives for municipal volunteers of fire companies and nonprofit emergency medical services agencies, further providing for rejection and appeal; in emergency medical services, providing for tuition and loan assistance for active volunteers and establishing the Active Volunteer Tuition and Loan Assistance Program and the Active Volunteer Tuition and Loan Assistance Program Fund; in emergency medical services system, providing for scholarships for recruitment, training and retention; and establishing the EMS Training Fund.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Nonprofit Security Grant Fund, further providing for Nonprofit Security Grant Fund and for expiration; in Commonwealth services, further providing for State Fire Commissioner and for curriculum and training and providing for capital grants for municipal fire departments, for capital grants for emergency service training centers, for money for online training for firefighters and for money for reimbursement to Pennsylvania bomb squads; in volunteer firefighters, further providing for fire relief formula study; in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for award of grants for volunteer fire companies and for award of grants for emergency medical services companies; in incentives for municipal volunteers of fire companies and nonprofit emergency medical services agencies, further providing for rejection and appeal; in emergency medical services, providing for tuition and loan assistance for active volunteers and establishing the Active Volunteer Tuition and Loan Assistance Program and the Active Volunteer Tuition and Loan Assistance Program Fund; in emergency medical services system, providing for scholarships for recruitment, training and retention; and establishing the EMS Training Fund.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for verification of eligibility.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for verification of eligibility.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In compensation, further providing for qualifications required to secure compensation.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 5, 1936 (2nd Sp.Sess., 1937 P.L.2897, No.1), known as the Unemployment Compensation Law, in compensation, further providing for qualifications required to secure compensation.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In mental health: departmental powers and duties, commissioner of mental health, interstate compact, reciprocal agreements and research foundation, providing for mental health care services clearinghouse; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in mental health: departmental powers and duties, commissioner of mental health, interstate compact, reciprocal agreements and research foundation, providing for mental health care services clearinghouse; and making an editorial change.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, providing for special provisions applicable to limited school years; in professional employees, providing for day-to-day substitutes; in certification of teachers, further providing for substitute teaching permit for prospective teachers, for program of continuing professional education and for locally issued temporary certification for substitute teachers and providing for permit for classroom monitors and for substitute teaching policy; and, in Safe2Say Program, further providing for false reports.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, providing for special provisions applicable to limited school years; in professional employees, providing for day-to-day substitutes; in certification of teachers, further providing for substitute teaching permit for prospective teachers, for program of continuing professional education and for locally issued temporary certification for substitute teachers and providing for permit for classroom monitors and for substitute teaching policy; and, in Safe2Say Program, further providing for false reports.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In school health services, providing for seizure recognition and related first aid training.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school health services, providing for seizure recognition and related first aid training.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of July 12, 1935 (P.L.970, No.314), entitled "An act imposing a graduated income tax for school purposes on residents of Pennsylvania including fiduciaries and on income of nonresidents derived from property or business in Pennsylvania; defining taxable income and requiring filing of returns thereof; providing for the assessment, collection and lien of said tax and for the disposition of proceeds thereof; providing for administration and enforcement of the act by the Department of Revenue; conferring powers and imposing duties on certain persons, partnerships, associations, corporations, school districts, State officers, employes and departments; imposing penalties; and appropriating the revenues derived from said tax.". Description: An Act repealing the act of July 12, 1935 (P.L.970, No.314), entitled "An act imposing a graduated income tax for school purposes on residents of Pennsylvania including fiduciaries and on income of nonresidents derived from property or business in Pennsylvania; defining taxable income and requiring filing of returns thereof; providing for the assessment, collection and lien of said tax and for the disposition of proceeds thereof; providing for administration and enforcement of the act by the Department of Revenue; conferring powers and imposing duties on certain persons, partnerships, associations, corporations, school districts, State officers, employes and departments; imposing penalties; and appropriating the revenues derived from said tax."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 4, 2019, as "Rosa Parks Remembrance Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 4, 2019, as "Rosa Parks Remembrance Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for sales by liquor licensees and restrictions and for prepared beverages and mixed drinks for off-premises consumption during disaster emergency and providing for safekeeping.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for sales by liquor licensees and restrictions and for prepared beverages and mixed drinks for off-premises consumption during disaster emergency and providing for safekeeping.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania liquor stores, further providing for sales by Pennsylvania liquor stores.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in Pennsylvania liquor stores, further providing for sales by Pennsylvania liquor stores.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for effect of failure to receive tax notice.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 25, 1945 (P.L.1050, No.394), known as the Local Tax Collection Law, further providing for effect of failure to receive tax notice.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for title of act, for intent, for definitions, for primary caregiver support program, for reimbursements, for entitlement not created and for enforcement.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 19, 1990 (P.L.1234, No.204), known as the Family Caregiver Support Act, further providing for title of act, for intent, for definitions, for primary caregiver support program, for reimbursements, for entitlement not created and for enforcement.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In offenses against the family, further providing for the offense of endangering welfare of children.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in offenses against the family, further providing for the offense of endangering welfare of children.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fishing licenses, providing for active duty military fishing reciprocity and for disabled veteran annual fishing license reciprocity; and, in hunting and furtaking licenses, providing for active duty military hunting reciprocity and for disabled veteran annual hunting license reciprocity.. Description: An Act amending Titles 30 (Fish) and 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fishing licenses, providing for active duty military fishing reciprocity and for disabled veteran annual fishing license reciprocity; and, in hunting and furtaking licenses, providing for active duty military hunting reciprocity and for disabled veteran annual hunting license reciprocity.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the exclusion of veterans' benefit payments from income for Commonwealth programs.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for the exclusion of veterans' benefit payments from income for Commonwealth programs.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for exemption from regulation.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 16, 1996 (P.L.712, No.127), known as the Charitable Gift Annuity Exemption Act, further providing for definitions and for exemption from regulation.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for sentence of total confinement; in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for the offense of driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked and for ignition interlock limited license; and, in driving after imbibing alcohol or utilizing drugs, further providing for ignition interlock, for prior offenses, for Accelerated Rehabilitative Disposition, for drug and alcohol assessments and for mandatory sentencing and providing for substance monitoring program.. Description: An Act amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for sentence of total confinement; in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for the offense of driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked and for ignition interlock limited license; and, in driving after imbibing alcohol or utilizing drugs, further providing for ignition interlock, for prior offenses, for Accelerated Rehabilitative Disposition, for drug and alcohol assessments and for mandatory sentencing and providing for substance monitoring program.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for repair of private roads and providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1836 (P.L.551, No.169), referred to as the General Road Law, further providing for repair of private roads and providing for definitions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In depositions and witnesses, further providing for expert testimony in certain criminal proceedings.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in depositions and witnesses, further providing for expert testimony in certain criminal proceedings.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing local taxing authorities to provide for tax exemptions for improvements to deteriorated areas and dwellings to incentivize the creation and improvement of affordable housing units.. Description: An Act authorizing local taxing authorities to provide for tax exemptions for improvements to deteriorated areas and dwellings to incentivize the creation and improvement of affordable housing units.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In other pollutions and potential pollution, further providing for potential pollution.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 22, 1937 (P.L.1987, No.394), known as The Clean Streams Law, in other pollutions and potential pollution, further providing for potential pollution.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of February 2, 1966 (1965 P.L.1860, No.586), entitled "An act encouraging landowners to make land and water areas available to the public for recreational purposes by limiting liability in connection therewith, and repealing certain acts," further providing for definitions; and providing for recreational user's claim for property rights and for the substitution of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for a party in litigation.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 2, 1966 (1965 P.L.1860, No.586), entitled "An act encouraging landowners to make land and water areas available to the public for recreational purposes by limiting liability in connection therewith, and repealing certain acts," further providing for definitions; and providing for recreational user's claim for property rights and for the substitution of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for a party in litigation.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for environmental permits and plan approvals; making related repeals; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for environmental permits and plan approvals; making related repeals; and abrogating regulations.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In arbitration, providing for compulsory arbitration of COVID-19 actions; and, in particular rights and immunities, providing for COVID-19-related liability.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in arbitration, providing for compulsory arbitration of COVID-19 actions; and, in particular rights and immunities, providing for COVID-19-related liability.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of June 25, 1931 (P.L.1352, No.332), referred to as the Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Compact, providing for veto power by the Governor over certain actions; further providing for audits; and providing the Governor of each state with power to ratify or veto certain actions taken by commissioners.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1931 (P.L.1352, No.332), referred to as the Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Compact, providing for veto power by the Governor over certain actions; further providing for audits; and providing the Governor of each state with power to ratify or veto certain actions taken by commissioners.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for general powers of board, for procedure for licensing as professional engineer, for procedure for licensing as professional geologist, for continuing professional competency requirements, for exemption from licensure and registration, for fees and for penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 23, 1945 (P.L.913, No.367), known as the Engineer, Land Surveyor and Geologist Registration Law, further providing for definitions, for general powers of board, for procedure for licensing as professional engineer, for procedure for licensing as professional geologist, for continuing professional competency requirements, for exemption from licensure and registration, for fees and for penalties.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for unwanted telephone solicitation calls prohibited.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 4, 1996 (P.L.911, No.147), known as the Telemarketer Registration Act, further providing for unwanted telephone solicitation calls prohibited.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the interchange located on I-279 at Camp Horne Road in Ohio Township, Allegheny County, as the Scott F. Hirsh Memorial Interchange.. Description: An Act designating the interchange located on I-279 at Camp Horne Road in Ohio Township, Allegheny County, as the Scott F. Hirsh Memorial Interchange.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of Environmental Protection to conduct a public comment process on and submit to the General Assembly a measure or action intended to abate, control or limit carbon dioxide emissions by imposing a revenue-generating tax or fee on carbon dioxide emissions; and making an appropriation.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of Environmental Protection to conduct a public comment process on and submit to the General Assembly a measure or action intended to abate, control or limit carbon dioxide emissions by imposing a revenue-generating tax or fee on carbon dioxide emissions; and making an appropriation.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 4, 2019, as "Thaddeus Stevens Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 4, 2019, as "Thaddeus Stevens Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for access to congregate care facilities for essential caregivers, for additional safety requirements for residents of congregate care facilities, for suspension of access for essential caregivers and for costs associated with safety measures related to essential caregivers.. Description: An Act providing for access to congregate care facilities for essential caregivers, for additional safety requirements for residents of congregate care facilities, for suspension of access for essential caregivers and for costs associated with safety measures related to essential caregivers.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preemptions, providing for businesses operated by minors; and, in general provisions relating to planned communities, providing for businesses operated by minors.. Description: An Act amending Titles 53 (Municipalities Generally) and 68 (Real and Personal Property) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preemptions, providing for businesses operated by minors; and, in general provisions relating to planned communities, providing for businesses operated by minors.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for Mining and Reclamation Advisory Board.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 31, 1945 (P.L.1198, No.418), known as the Surface Mining Conservation and Reclamation Act, further providing for Mining and Reclamation Advisory Board.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons, for late contributions and independent expenditures, for oath of compliance, perjury, disqualification from office and commercial use and for place of filing, providing for manner of filing and for inability to file reports or statements electronically by deadline and further providing for late filing fee and certificate of filing, for powers and duties of the supervisor, for additional powers and duties of the Secretary of the Commonwealth and for reports by business entities and publication by Secretary of the Commonwealth.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons, for late contributions and independent expenditures, for oath of compliance, perjury, disqualification from office and commercial use and for place of filing, providing for manner of filing and for inability to file reports or statements electronically by deadline and further providing for late filing fee and certificate of filing, for powers and duties of the supervisor, for additional powers and duties of the Secretary of the Commonwealth and for reports by business entities and publication by Secretary of the Commonwealth.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In size, weight and load, further providing for maximum gross weight of vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in size, weight and load, further providing for maximum gross weight of vehicles.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for title of act; in preliminary provisions, further providing for declaration of policy, for definitions and for lobbying; in board, further providing for establishment, for membership, for conflicts of interest, for plan, functions and responsibilities and for State performance management system and providing for performance accountability system; in local workforce investment areas and boards, further providing for establishment, for membership, for conflicts of interest, for plan, functions and responsibilities and for local performance measures; in critical job training grants, further providing for purpose, for definitions, for program operation and for grants; in workforce leadership grants, further providing for innovative programs; in industry partnerships, further providing for definitions, for industry clusters, for grant program operation, for interdepartmental cooperation and for industry and labor market research and providing for dissemination of industry and labor market research to educational institutions; in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for construction; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 18, 2001 (P.L.949, No.114), known as the Workforce Development Act, further providing for title of act; in preliminary provisions, further providing for declaration of policy, for definitions and for lobbying; in board, further providing for establishment, for membership, for conflicts of interest, for plan, functions and responsibilities and for State performance management system and providing for performance accountability system; in local workforce investment areas and boards, further providing for establishment, for membership, for conflicts of interest, for plan, functions and responsibilities and for local performance measures; in critical job training grants, further providing for purpose, for definitions, for program operation and for grants; in workforce leadership grants, further providing for innovative programs; in industry partnerships, further providing for definitions, for industry clusters, for grant program operation, for interdepartmental cooperation and for industry and labor market research and providing for dissemination of industry and labor market research to educational institutions; in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for construction; and making editorial changes.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, providing for notification of emergency contact.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, providing for notification of emergency contact.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Limiting assignment of State-owned vehicles.. Description: An Act limiting assignment of State-owned vehicles.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, providing for retail store operations during declaration of disaster emergency.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, providing for retail store operations during declaration of disaster emergency.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In offenses against the family, further providing for the offense of dealing in infant children.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in offenses against the family, further providing for the offense of dealing in infant children.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1984 (P.L.206, No.43), known as the Pennsylvania Safe Drinking Water Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In food protection, further providing for rules and regulations.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in food protection, further providing for rules and regulations.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In construction, improvement, maintenance and repair of State highways, providing for native vegetation along highways.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 1, 1945 (P.L.1242, No.428), known as the State Highway Law, in construction, improvement, maintenance and repair of State highways, providing for native vegetation along highways.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In child protective services, further providing for employees having contact with children and adoptive and foster parents.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child protective services, further providing for employees having contact with children and adoptive and foster parents.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers of department and local authorities, further providing for specific powers of department and local authorities.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for specific powers of department and local authorities.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In personal income tax, providing for COVID-19 emergency finance and tax provision; and in corporate net income tax, further providing for reports and payment of tax and for extension of time to file reports.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, providing for COVID-19 emergency finance and tax provision; and in corporate net income tax, further providing for reports and payment of tax and for extension of time to file reports.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In driving after imbibing alcohol or utilizing drugs, further providing for grading and for penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in driving after imbibing alcohol or utilizing drugs, further providing for grading and for penalties.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In National Guard Youth Challenge Program, further providing for definitions and for administration, establishing the Keystone State Challenge Academy Account and further providing for report and for audit required.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in National Guard Youth Challenge Program, further providing for definitions and for administration, establishing the Keystone State Challenge Academy Account and further providing for report and for audit required.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In banking and securities, further providing for fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 15, 1933 (P.L.565, No.111), known as the Department of Banking and Securities Code, in banking and securities, further providing for fund.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing microenterprise loan programs and abating real property assessment.. Description: An Act amending Title 72 (Taxation and Fiscal Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing microenterprise loan programs and abating real property assessment.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 37135, located on Pennsylvania Route 92 over the Susquehanna River, Falls Township, Wyoming County, as the Falls Veterans Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 37135, located on Pennsylvania Route 92 over the Susquehanna River, Falls Township, Wyoming County, as the Falls Veterans Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In child custody, further providing for consideration of criminal conviction.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child custody, further providing for consideration of criminal conviction.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for COVID-19 record retention and for temporary regulatory flexibility authority.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for COVID-19 record retention and for temporary regulatory flexibility authority.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties, providing for application form for licenses, certificates, registrations and permits.. Description: An Act amending Title 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties, providing for application form for licenses, certificates, registrations and permits.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the portion of State Route 4014, also known as Grandview Boulevard, from Pittsburgh Avenue to State Route 4015, also known as Zuck Road, in Millcreek Township, Erie County, as the John A. Pulice Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating the portion of State Route 4014, also known as Grandview Boulevard, from Pittsburgh Avenue to State Route 4015, also known as Zuck Road, in Millcreek Township, Erie County, as the John A. Pulice Memorial Highway.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 14, 2019, as "Apraxia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 14, 2019, as "Apraxia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In dissolution of marital status, further providing for decree of court.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in dissolution of marital status, further providing for decree of court.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45998, carrying State Route 2027 in North Union Township, Fayette County, as the SSG Willis J. Crayton Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45998, carrying State Route 2027 in North Union Township, Fayette County, as the SSG Willis J. Crayton Memorial Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for examinations and certificates.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 22, 1951 (P.L.317, No.69), known as The Professional Nursing Law, further providing for examinations and certificates.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 12275, carrying State Route 1002 over the West Branch of the Susquehanna River, Castanea Township, Clinton County, as the Petty Officer Stephen "Turbo" Toboz, Jr., Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 12275, carrying State Route 1002 over the West Branch of the Susquehanna River, Castanea Township, Clinton County, as the Petty Officer Stephen "Turbo" Toboz, Jr., Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In kidnapping, further providing for missing children; and, in DNA data and testing, further providing for policy, for definitions and for State DNA Data Base, providing for collection of DNA in investigations of high-risk missing persons and missing children, for collection of DNA in investigations of missing persons and for collection of DNA in investigations of unidentified decedents and further providing for DNA data base exchange.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 44 (Law and Justice) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in kidnapping, further providing for missing children; and, in DNA data and testing, further providing for policy, for definitions and for State DNA Data Base, providing for collection of DNA in investigations of high-risk missing persons and missing children, for collection of DNA in investigations of missing persons and for collection of DNA in investigations of unidentified decedents and further providing for DNA data base exchange.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for registered nurse, clinical nurse specialist, use of title and abbreviation and providing for certified registered nurse anesthetist and qualifications and for scope of practice for certified registered nurse anesthetists.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 22, 1951 (P.L.317, No.69), known as The Professional Nursing Law, further providing for definitions and for registered nurse, clinical nurse specialist, use of title and abbreviation and providing for certified registered nurse anesthetist and qualifications and for scope of practice for certified registered nurse anesthetists.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of October 4, 1978 (P.L.876, No.169), entitled "An act establishing the Pennsylvania Crime Commission and providing for its powers and duties.". Description: An Act repealing the act of October 4, 1978 (P.L.876, No.169), entitled "An act establishing the Pennsylvania Crime Commission and providing for its powers and duties."
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions; and establishing the Independent Office of the Repealer and providing for its power and duties.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1982 (P.L.633, No.181), known as the Regulatory Review Act, further providing for definitions; and establishing the Independent Office of the Repealer and providing for its power and duties.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In burglary and other criminal intrusion, further providing for definitions, for the offense of burglary and for the offense of criminal trespass; in cruelty to animals, further providing for police animals; in emergency medical services system, providing for injured police animals; in immunities generally, further providing for emergency response provider and bystander good Samaritan civil immunity; and, in employees, providing for canine training standards for police officers.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses), 35 (Health and Safety), 42 (Judiciary and Judiciary Procedure) and 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in burglary and other criminal intrusion, further providing for definitions, for the offense of burglary and for the offense of criminal trespass; in cruelty to animals, further providing for police animals; in emergency medical services system, providing for injured police animals; in immunities generally, further providing for emergency response provider and bystander good Samaritan civil immunity; and, in employees, providing for canine training standards for police officers.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of December 15, 1982 (P.L.1266, No.287), entitled "An act conferring limited residency status on military personnel, their dependents and civilian personnel assigned to an active duty station in Pennsylvania," further providing for residency of students.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 15, 1982 (P.L.1266, No.287), entitled "An act conferring limited residency status on military personnel, their dependents and civilian personnel assigned to an active duty station in Pennsylvania," further providing for residency of students.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1982 (P.L.633, No.181), known as the Regulatory Review Act, further providing for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In limitation of time, further providing for infancy, insanity or imprisonment; in matters affecting government units, further providing for exceptions to sovereign immunity and for exceptions to governmental immunity; waiving sovereign immunity and governmental immunity; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in limitation of time, further providing for infancy, insanity or imprisonment; in matters affecting government units, further providing for exceptions to sovereign immunity and for exceptions to governmental immunity; waiving sovereign immunity and governmental immunity; and making a related repeal.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sales and use tax, further providing for exclusions from tax; in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income, for withholding tax requirement for nonemployer payors, for information statement for nonemployer payors and for information statement for payees, providing for electronic payment, further providing for requirements concerning returns, notices, records and statements and for additions, penalties and fees; in corporate net income tax, further providing for definitions; in bank and trust company shares tax, further providing for definitions; in realty transfer tax, correcting a scrivener's error relating to credits against tax; in tax credit eligibility, further providing for definitions and for eligibility and providing for application and administration, for assessment, for administering agency training, for broker registration, for tax credit and tax benefit reports, for allocation of tax credits or tax benefits awarded upon appeal and for guidelines; in research and development tax credit, further providing for credit for research and development expenses, for carryover, carryback, refund and assignment of credit and for report to General Assembly; in entertainment production tax credit, further providing for definitions, for credit for qualified film production expenses, for reissuance of film production tax credits, for definitions and for limitations and providing for Pennsylvania live events industry COVID-19 emergency assistance; further providing for application and approval of tax credit; in keystone opportunity zones, keystone opportunity expansion zones and keystone opportunity improvement zones, providing for extension for keystone opportunity expansion zone and further providing for additional keystone opportunity expansion zones; in mixed-use development tax credit, further providing for mixed-use development tax credits; in keystone innovations zones, further providing for keystone innovation zone tax credits and for annual report; in Pennsylvania Housing Tax Credit, further providing for Pennsylvania Housing Tax Credit and for annual report; in table game taxes, repealing provisions relating to expiration; in procedure and administration, further providing for petition for reassessment, for petition procedure and for review by board; in computer data center equipment incentive program, further providing for definitions and providing for applicability and for sales and use tax exemption program; in general provisions, further providing for bad checks, electronic funds transfers not credited upon transmission, additions to tax; imposing duties on the Department of Revenue; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in sales and use tax, further providing for exclusions from tax; in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income, for withholding tax requirement for nonemployer payors, for information statement for nonemployer payors and for information statement for payees, providing for electronic payment, further providing for requirements concerning returns, notices, records and statements and for additions, penalties and fees; in corporate net income tax, further providing for definitions; in bank and trust company shares tax, further providing for definitions; in realty transfer tax, correcting a scrivener's error relating to credits against tax; in tax credit eligibility, further providing for definitions and for eligibility and providing for application and administration, for assessment, for administering agency training, for broker registration, for tax credit and tax benefit reports, for allocation of tax credits or tax benefits awarded upon appeal and for guidelines; in research and development tax credit, further providing for credit for research and development expenses, for carryover, carryback, refund and assignment of credit and for report to General Assembly; in entertainment production tax credit, further providing for definitions, for credit for qualified film production expenses, for reissuance of film production tax credits, for definitions and for limitations and providing for Pennsylvania live events industry COVID-19 emergency assistance; further providing for application and approval of tax credit; in keystone opportunity zones, keystone opportunity expansion zones and keystone opportunity improvement zones, providing for extension for keystone opportunity expansion zone and further providing for additional keystone opportunity expansion zones; in mixed-use development tax credit, further providing for mixed-use development tax credits; in keystone innovations zones, further providing for keystone innovation zone tax credits and for annual report; in Pennsylvania Housing Tax Credit, further providing for Pennsylvania Housing Tax Credit and for annual report; in table game taxes, repealing provisions relating to expiration; in procedure and administration, further providing for petition for reassessment, for petition procedure and for review by board; in computer data center equipment incentive program, further providing for definitions and providing for applicability and for sales and use tax exemption program; in general provisions, further providing for bad checks, electronic funds transfers not credited upon transmission, additions to tax; imposing duties on the Department of Revenue; and making editorial changes.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Dealing with child abuse: in criminal history record information, further providing for information in central repository or automated systems; and, in organization and responsibilities of Child Protective Service, further providing for services for prevention, investigation and treatment of child abuse.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, dealing with child abuse: in criminal history record information, further providing for information in central repository or automated systems; and, in organization and responsibilities of Child Protective Service, further providing for services for prevention, investigation and treatment of child abuse.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In municipal authorities, further providing for purposes and powers.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in municipal authorities, further providing for purposes and powers.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for definitions; and, in sexual offenses, further providing for the offense of institutional sexual assault.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for definitions; and, in sexual offenses, further providing for the offense of institutional sexual assault.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in procedure, further providing for exceptions for public records.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 14, 2008 (P.L.6, No.3), known as the Right-to-Know Law, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in procedure, further providing for exceptions for public records.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licensing of drivers, further providing for suspension of operating privilege.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in licensing of drivers, further providing for suspension of operating privilege.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth agency fees, further providing for Department of Labor and Industry to collect fees.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Commonwealth agency fees, further providing for Department of Labor and Industry to collect fees.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, establishing the PA VETConnect Program.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, establishing the PA VETConnect Program.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for access to long-term care facilities for members of the clergy, for additional safety requirements for residents, for suspension of access for members of the clergy and for personal protective equipment for members of the clergy.. Description: An Act providing for access to long-term care facilities for members of the clergy, for additional safety requirements for residents, for suspension of access for members of the clergy and for personal protective equipment for members of the clergy.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of August 11, 1967 (P.L.205, No.69), entitled "An act to validate conveyances and other instruments which have been defectively acknowledged," extending the date for validation of certain conveyances and other instruments.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 11, 1967 (P.L.205, No.69), entitled "An act to validate conveyances and other instruments which have been defectively acknowledged," extending the date for validation of certain conveyances and other instruments.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for life imprisonment for homicide.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for life imprisonment for homicide.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for proposal of amendments by the General Assembly and their adoption.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for proposal of amendments by the General Assembly and their adoption.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for medical assistance payments for institutional care.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for medical assistance payments for institutional care.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for Keystone Exams and graduation requirements.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, further providing for Keystone Exams and graduation requirements.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in program, further providing for lawful use of medical marijuana; in practitioners, further providing for duration; in patients, further providing for caregivers; in medical marijuana organizations, further providing for permits, for relocation and for convictions prohibited; in medical marijuana controls, further providing for electronic tracking, for grower/processors, for storage and transportation and for laboratory; in dispensaries, further providing for dispensing to patients and caregivers and for facility requirements; in tax on medical marijuana, further providing for Medical Marijuana Program Fund; in administration, further providing for temporary regulations; in Medical Marijuana Advisory Board, further providing for advisory board and for regulations based on recommendations of advisory board; in offenses related to medical marijuana, further providing for disclosure of information prohibited; in academic clinical research centers and clinical registrants, further providing for academic clinical research centers and for clinical registrants; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for applicability.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 17, 2016 (P.L.84, No.16), known as the Medical Marijuana Act, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in program, further providing for lawful use of medical marijuana; in practitioners, further providing for duration; in patients, further providing for caregivers; in medical marijuana organizations, further providing for permits, for relocation and for convictions prohibited; in medical marijuana controls, further providing for electronic tracking, for grower/processors, for storage and transportation and for laboratory; in dispensaries, further providing for dispensing to patients and caregivers and for facility requirements; in tax on medical marijuana, further providing for Medical Marijuana Program Fund; in administration, further providing for temporary regulations; in Medical Marijuana Advisory Board, further providing for advisory board and for regulations based on recommendations of advisory board; in offenses related to medical marijuana, further providing for disclosure of information prohibited; in academic clinical research centers and clinical registrants, further providing for academic clinical research centers and for clinical registrants; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for applicability.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for patient access to diagnostics and treatments for Lyme disease and related tick-borne illnesses; and requiring health care policies to provide certain coverage.. Description: An Act providing for patient access to diagnostics and treatments for Lyme disease and related tick-borne illnesses; and requiring health care policies to provide certain coverage.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 4133, carrying Pennsylvania Route 913 over Raystown Branch Juniata River in Liberty Township, Bedford County, as the Sergeant Charles Warsing Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 4133, carrying Pennsylvania Route 913 over Raystown Branch Juniata River in Liberty Township, Bedford County, as the Sergeant Charles Warsing Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In pupils and attendance, further providing for home education program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in pupils and attendance, further providing for home education program.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In human trafficking, further providing for civil causes of action.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in human trafficking, further providing for civil causes of action.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68033, carrying State Route 2047 over CSX and SEPTA Railroads, in Middletown Township, Bucks County, as the PFC John Elton Candy Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68033, carrying State Route 2047 over CSX and SEPTA Railroads, in Middletown Township, Bucks County, as the PFC John Elton Candy Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of April 8, 1868 (P.L.73, No.37), entitled "An act to authorize the recorder of deeds in the several counties of this Commonwealth to record the discharges of all honorably discharged officers and soldiers," further providing for confidentiality of records.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 8, 1868 (P.L.73, No.37), entitled "An act to authorize the recorder of deeds in the several counties of this Commonwealth to record the discharges of all honorably discharged officers and soldiers," further providing for confidentiality of records.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In State Veterans' Commission and Deputy Adjutant General for Veterans' Affairs, further providing for State Veterans' Commission.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in State Veterans' Commission and Deputy Adjutant General for Veterans' Affairs, further providing for State Veterans' Commission.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for declarations of estimated tax; in realty transfer tax, further providing for transfer of tax;. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for declarations of estimated tax; in realty transfer tax, further providing for transfer of tax;
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In ARPA health care workforce supports, further providing for definitions; and providing for early detection and diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease or a related disorder.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in ARPA health care workforce supports, further providing for definitions; and providing for early detection and diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease or a related disorder.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the entire portion of US Route 20 in Pennsylvania, beginning at the Pennsylvania-Ohio State Line and ending at the Pennsylvania-New York State Line, as the Pennsylvania Medal of Honor Highway.. Description: An Act designating the entire portion of US Route 20 in Pennsylvania, beginning at the Pennsylvania-Ohio State Line and ending at the Pennsylvania-New York State Line, as the Pennsylvania Medal of Honor Highway.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for identification requirements for sale of scrap materials to scrap processors and recycling facility operators and for penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 9, 2008 (P.L.1408, No.113), known as the Scrap Material Theft Prevention Act, further providing for identification requirements for sale of scrap materials to scrap processors and recycling facility operators and for penalties.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In proprietary and official rights, further providing for use of carts, cases, trays, baskets, boxes and other containers.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in proprietary and official rights, further providing for use of carts, cases, trays, baskets, boxes and other containers.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 981 from the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 819 to the intersection with State Route 2021 in Mount Pleasant Township, Westmoreland County, as the Honorable Mike Reese Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 981 from the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 819 to the intersection with State Route 2021 in Mount Pleasant Township, Westmoreland County, as the Honorable Mike Reese Memorial Highway.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for owner's lien, for enforcement of lien, for notice, for advertisement of sale and for location of sale.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 1982 (P.L.1404, No.325), known as the Self-Service Storage Facility Act, further providing for owner's lien, for enforcement of lien, for notice, for advertisement of sale and for location of sale.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the Faxon Interchange of Interstate 180 at Northway Road in Loyalsock Township, Lycoming County, as the Sgts. Thomas Woodruff, Sr., and Hamilton Woodruff Memorial Interchange.. Description: An Act designating the Faxon Interchange of Interstate 180 at Northway Road in Loyalsock Township, Lycoming County, as the Sgts. Thomas Woodruff, Sr., and Hamilton Woodruff Memorial Interchange.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fishing licenses, further providing for exemptions from license requirements.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fishing licenses, further providing for exemptions from license requirements.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 3937, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Bloody Run in Everett Borough, Bedford County, as the PFC James E. Williams Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 3937, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Bloody Run in Everett Borough, Bedford County, as the PFC James E. Williams Memorial Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45676, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Yellow Creek in Hopewell Township, Bedford County, as the Colonel Joseph M. Stine Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45676, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Yellow Creek in Hopewell Township, Bedford County, as the Colonel Joseph M. Stine Memorial Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Game Commission, further providing for organization of commission; and, in hunting and furtaking licenses, further providing for resident license and fee exemptions and for license costs and fees.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Game Commission, further providing for organization of commission; and, in hunting and furtaking licenses, further providing for resident license and fee exemptions and for license costs and fees.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for powers and duties of the commission; and establishing the Constable William Davidson Reward Fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 22, 1978 (P.L.1166, No.274), referred to as the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency Law, further providing for definitions and for powers and duties of the commission; and establishing the Constable William Davidson Reward Fund.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for sexual offenses and tier system.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for sexual offenses and tier system.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Relating to conventional wells and the development of oil, gas and coal; imposing powers and duties on the Department of Environmental Protection; and providing for preliminary provisions, for general requirements, for underground gas storage, for enforcement and remedies, for related funds, parties and activities and for miscellaneous provisions.. Description: An Act relating to conventional wells and the development of oil, gas and coal; imposing powers and duties on the Department of Environmental Protection; and providing for preliminary provisions, for general requirements, for underground gas storage, for enforcement and remedies, for related funds, parties and activities and for miscellaneous provisions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for sexual offender treatment.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for sexual offender treatment.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for sales by liquor licensees and restrictions, for prepared beverages and mixed drinks for off-premises consumption during disaster emergency and providing for safekeeping.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for sales by liquor licensees and restrictions, for prepared beverages and mixed drinks for off-premises consumption during disaster emergency and providing for safekeeping.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In departmental powers and duties as to licensing, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in departmental powers and duties as to licensing, further providing for definitions.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for local solar program, for renewable energy credits and for powers and duties of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission.. Description: An Act providing for local solar program, for renewable energy credits and for powers and duties of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In consolidated county assessment, further providing for definitions, for changes in assessed valuation and for abstracts of building and demolition permits to be forwarded to the county assessment office.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in consolidated county assessment, further providing for definitions, for changes in assessed valuation and for abstracts of building and demolition permits to be forwarded to the county assessment office.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, further providing for State Fire Commissioner and for curriculum and training and providing for capital grants for municipal fire departments, for capital grants for emergency service training centers, for money for online training for firefighters and for money for reimbursement to Pennsylvania bomb squads; in volunteer firefighters, further providing for fire relief formula study; in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for award of grants for volunteer fire companies and for award of grants for emergency medical services companies; in incentives for municipal volunteers of fire companies and nonprofit emergency medical services agencies, further providing for rejection and appeal; in emergency management services, providing for tuition and loan assistance for active volunteers and establishing the Active Volunteer Tuition and Loan Assistance Program and the Active Volunteer Tuition and Loan Assistance Program Fund; in emergency medical services system, providing for scholarships for recruitment, training and retention; and establishing the EMS training fund.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, further providing for State Fire Commissioner and for curriculum and training and providing for capital grants for municipal fire departments, for capital grants for emergency service training centers, for money for online training for firefighters and for money for reimbursement to Pennsylvania bomb squads; in volunteer firefighters, further providing for fire relief formula study; in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for award of grants for volunteer fire companies and for award of grants for emergency medical services companies; in incentives for municipal volunteers of fire companies and nonprofit emergency medical services agencies, further providing for rejection and appeal; in emergency management services, providing for tuition and loan assistance for active volunteers and establishing the Active Volunteer Tuition and Loan Assistance Program and the Active Volunteer Tuition and Loan Assistance Program Fund; in emergency medical services system, providing for scholarships for recruitment, training and retention; and establishing the EMS training fund.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for supervision of shops and schools and licenses and renewal.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 19, 1931 (P.L.589, No.202), referred to as the Barbers' License Law, further providing for supervision of shops and schools and licenses and renewal.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for requirements of a school of cosmetology.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 3, 1933 (P.L.242, No.86), referred to as the Cosmetology Law, further providing for requirements of a school of cosmetology.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for regulation of the practice of acupuncture, for penalties and for approval of acupuncture educational programs.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 14, 1986 (P.L.2, No.2), known as the Acupuncture Licensure Act, further providing for definitions, for regulation of the practice of acupuncture, for penalties and for approval of acupuncture educational programs.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In matters affecting government units, providing for special standing in constitutional challenges.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in matters affecting government units, providing for special standing in constitutional challenges.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to home rule and optional plan government, further providing for definitions, providing for appointment of government study commission in distressed municipality and further providing for first meeting of commission, for function and duty of commission, for hearings and public forums, for report of findings and recommendations, for limitation on enactment of ordinance or filing of petition and for limitation on municipal powers.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions relating to home rule and optional plan government, further providing for definitions, providing for appointment of government study commission in distressed municipality and further providing for first meeting of commission, for function and duty of commission, for hearings and public forums, for report of findings and recommendations, for limitation on enactment of ordinance or filing of petition and for limitation on municipal powers.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In veterans' pensions and benefits, further providing for blind veteran's pension and for amputee and paralyzed veteran's pension.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in veterans' pensions and benefits, further providing for blind veteran's pension and for amputee and paralyzed veteran's pension.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 104, from the southern border of the Borough of Middleburg to the northern border of the Borough of Middleburg, Snyder County, as the Chief of Police Tony M. Jordan Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 104, from the southern border of the Borough of Middleburg to the northern border of the Borough of Middleburg, Snyder County, as the Chief of Police Tony M. Jordan Memorial Highway.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in fees, further providing for annual hauling permits; and, in size, weight and load, further providing for conditions of permits and security for damages and providing for permit for movement of agricultural liming material, agricultural seed or fertilizer.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in fees, further providing for annual hauling permits; and, in size, weight and load, further providing for conditions of permits and security for damages and providing for permit for movement of agricultural liming material, agricultural seed or fertilizer.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In lighting equipment, further providing for general lighting requirements; and, in inspection of vehicles, further providing for requirement for periodic inspection of vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in lighting equipment, further providing for general lighting requirements; and, in inspection of vehicles, further providing for requirement for periodic inspection of vehicles.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In facilities and supplies, providing for additional surcharge; in limitation of time, providing for real estate appraisals; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in facilities and supplies, providing for additional surcharge; in limitation of time, providing for real estate appraisals; and making a related repeal.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Pharmaceutical Assistance for the Elderly, further providing for the pharmaceutical assistance contract for the elderly needs enhancement tier, for board, for powers of the department and for coordination of benefits.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in Pharmaceutical Assistance for the Elderly, further providing for the pharmaceutical assistance contract for the elderly needs enhancement tier, for board, for powers of the department and for coordination of benefits.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Regarding the past, present and future response of this Commonwealth to the COVID-19 pandemic; providing for COVID-19 vaccine personal information privacy; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act regarding the past, present and future response of this Commonwealth to the COVID-19 pandemic; providing for COVID-19 vaccine personal information privacy; and imposing penalties.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for test results and for duties of Department of Health.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 24, 2018 (P.L.719, No.112), known as the Patient Test Result Information Act, further providing for definitions, for test results and for duties of Department of Health.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In contracts for public works, providing for specifications for contracts.. Description: An Act amending Title 62 (Procurement) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in contracts for public works, providing for specifications for contracts.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for powers and duties of the department.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 7, 1980 (P.L.380, No.97), known as the Solid Waste Management Act, in general provisions, further providing for powers and duties of the department.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 24, 2019, as "Cystinuria Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 24, 2019, as "Cystinuria Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 48382, on that portion of S.R. 4021 over the Stonycreek River, Hooversville Borough, Somerset County, as the Private First Class Howard Hahn Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 48382, on that portion of S.R. 4021 over the Stonycreek River, Hooversville Borough, Somerset County, as the Private First Class Howard Hahn Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, further providing for vehicles exempt from registration; and, in snowmobiles and all-terrain vehicles, providing for regional ATV pilot program for department lands.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, further providing for vehicles exempt from registration; and, in snowmobiles and all-terrain vehicles, providing for regional ATV pilot program for department lands.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for establishment of death review teams, for duties of death review teams, duties of Department of Health, for confidentiality of death review teams records and for criminal and civil liability protections.. Description: An Act providing for establishment of death review teams, for duties of death review teams, duties of Department of Health, for confidentiality of death review teams records and for criminal and civil liability protections.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45676, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Yellow Creek in Hopewell Township, Bedford County, as the PFC James E. Williams Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 55863, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Bloody Run in Everett Borough, Bedford County, as the Colonel Joseph M. Stine Memorial Bridge; and designating a portion of Harvey Run Road between State Route 2018 in New Sewickley Township to State Route 1065 in Freedom Borough, Beaver County, as the Army Sergeant Joshua James Rimer Memorial Road; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45676, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Yellow Creek in Hopewell Township, Bedford County, as the PFC James E. Williams Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 55863, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Bloody Run in Everett Borough, Bedford County, as the Colonel Joseph M. Stine Memorial Bridge; and designating a portion of Harvey Run Road between State Route 2018 in New Sewickley Township to State Route 1065 in Freedom Borough, Beaver County, as the Army Sergeant Joshua James Rimer Memorial Road; and making related repeals.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for general powers of the board, for requirements for issuance of certificate, for peer review and for unlawful acts.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 26, 1947 (P.L.318, No.140), known as the CPA Law, further providing for general powers of the board, for requirements for issuance of certificate, for peer review and for unlawful acts.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for Educational and Professional Development Online Course Initiative; and establishing the Online Course Clearinghouse Restricted Account.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), know as the Public School Code of 1949, providing for Educational and Professional Development Online Course Initiative; and establishing the Online Course Clearinghouse Restricted Account.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In size, weight and load, further providing for maximum gross weight of vehicles and for maximum axle weight of vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in size, weight and load, further providing for maximum gross weight of vehicles and for maximum axle weight of vehicles.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sales and use tax, further providing for definitions, for exclusions from tax and for licenses; in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income and repealing provisions relating to COVID-19 emergency finance and tax provision; in corporate net income tax, further providing for definitions and for imposition of tax; in insurance premiums tax, further providing for imposition of tax and for credits for assessments paid; in vehicle rental tax, further providing for definitions and for vehicle rental tax; in research and development tax credit, further providing for limitation on credits; in entertainment production tax credit, further providing for definitions, for credit for qualified film production expenses, for limitations, for reissuance of film production tax credits and for limitations; in Waterfront Development Tax Credit, further providing for limitations; in City Revitalization and Improvement Zones, further providing for reports, for restrictions and for confidentiality; in Innovate in PA tax credit, further providing for duties; in Neighborhood Improvement Zones, further providing for confidentiality; in Keystone Opportunity Zones, Keystone Opportunity Expansion Zones and Keystone Opportunity Improvement Zones, further providing for extension for new job creation or new capital investment and for additional keystone opportunity expansion zones; providing for airport land development zones and for Pennsylvania child and dependent care enhancement program and for tax credit; in inheritance tax, further providing for transfers not subject to tax; in Public Transportation Assistance Fund, further providing for Public Transportation Assistance Fund; in table game taxes, providing for General Fund deposit; in Computer Data Center Equipment Incentive Program, further providing for definitions, for sales and use tax exemption, for eligibility requirements and for revocation of certification; in general provisions, providing for allocation of tax credits; making transfers; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in sales and use tax, further providing for definitions, for exclusions from tax and for licenses; in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income and repealing provisions relating to COVID-19 emergency finance and tax provision; in corporate net income tax, further providing for definitions and for imposition of tax; in insurance premiums tax, further providing for imposition of tax and for credits for assessments paid; in vehicle rental tax, further providing for definitions and for vehicle rental tax; in research and development tax credit, further providing for limitation on credits; in entertainment production tax credit, further providing for definitions, for credit for qualified film production expenses, for limitations, for reissuance of film production tax credits and for limitations; in Waterfront Development Tax Credit, further providing for limitations; in City Revitalization and Improvement Zones, further providing for reports, for restrictions and for confidentiality; in Innovate in PA tax credit, further providing for duties; in Neighborhood Improvement Zones, further providing for confidentiality; in Keystone Opportunity Zones, Keystone Opportunity Expansion Zones and Keystone Opportunity Improvement Zones, further providing for extension for new job creation or new capital investment and for additional keystone opportunity expansion zones; providing for airport land development zones and for Pennsylvania child and dependent care enhancement program and for tax credit; in inheritance tax, further providing for transfers not subject to tax; in Public Transportation Assistance Fund, further providing for Public Transportation Assistance Fund; in table game taxes, providing for General Fund deposit; in Computer Data Center Equipment Incentive Program, further providing for definitions, for sales and use tax exemption, for eligibility requirements and for revocation of certification; in general provisions, providing for allocation of tax credits; making transfers; and making related repeals.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In emergency COVID-19 response, further providing for money in account, providing for elementary and secondary school emergency relief for school districts, charter schools and cyber charter schools, for emergency relief for other educational entities, for emergency education relief to non public schools, for funding for library services and for allocation from ARPA - Elementary and Secondary School Emergency Relief - Administration, further providing for Department of Health and for use of money, providing for Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency and establishing the Construction Cost Relief Program; in Rental and Utility Assistance Grant Program, further providing for Rental and Utility Assistance Grant Program, for department and for reallocation of grants; providing for American Rescue Plan Rental and Utility Assistance Grant Program, for Homeowners Assistance Grant Program, for Water Assistance Program and for Child Care Stabilization Program; in bonus and tax reports and returns and reports and records relating to tax collection, further providing for confidential information; in oil and gas wells, further providing for Oil and Gas Lease Fund; providing for Angel Investment Venture Capital Program and for Transportation Pilot Programs; in special funds, further providing for funding and for expiration; in additional special funds and restricted accounts, further providing for establishment of special fund and account, for use of fund and for distributions from Pennsylvania Race Horse Development Fund and providing for Opioid Settlement Restricted Account; providing for 2021-2022 budget implementation and for 2021-2022 restrictions on appropriations for funds and accounts; in general budget implementation, further providing for Department of Education, for Department of General Services, for Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board, for Department of Labor and Industry, further providing for Department of Human Services, providing for State employees' Retirement System, further providing for Multimodal Transportation Fund and providing for Public Transportation Trust Fund; in school district debt refinancing bonds, further providing for sinking fund charges for school building projects; in 2020-2021 restrictions on appropriations for funds and accounts, further providing for fund transfers; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in emergency COVID-19 response, further providing for money in account, providing for elementary and secondary school emergency relief for school districts, charter schools and cyber charter schools, for emergency relief for other educational entities, for emergency education relief to non public schools, for funding for library services and for allocation from ARPA - Elementary and Secondary School Emergency Relief - Administration, further providing for Department of Health and for use of money, providing for Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency and establishing the Construction Cost Relief Program; in Rental and Utility Assistance Grant Program, further providing for Rental and Utility Assistance Grant Program, for department and for reallocation of grants; providing for American Rescue Plan Rental and Utility Assistance Grant Program, for Homeowners Assistance Grant Program, for Water Assistance Program and for Child Care Stabilization Program; in bonus and tax reports and returns and reports and records relating to tax collection, further providing for confidential information; in oil and gas wells, further providing for Oil and Gas Lease Fund; providing for Angel Investment Venture Capital Program and for Transportation Pilot Programs; in special funds, further providing for funding and for expiration; in additional special funds and restricted accounts, further providing for establishment of special fund and account, for use of fund and for distributions from Pennsylvania Race Horse Development Fund and providing for Opioid Settlement Restricted Account; providing for 2021-2022 budget implementation and for 2021-2022 restrictions on appropriations for funds and accounts; in general budget implementation, further providing for Department of Education, for Department of General Services, for Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board, for Department of Labor and Industry, further providing for Department of Human Services, providing for State employees' Retirement System, further providing for Multimodal Transportation Fund and providing for Public Transportation Trust Fund; in school district debt refinancing bonds, further providing for sinking fund charges for school building projects; in 2020-2021 restrictions on appropriations for funds and accounts, further providing for fund transfers; and making related repeals.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In insurance producers, further providing for powers and duties of department, for application for insurance producer license, for license renewals and for prohibited acts.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.789, No.285), known as The Insurance Department Act of 1921, in insurance producers, further providing for powers and duties of department, for application for insurance producer license, for license renewals and for prohibited acts.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of elected officials, further providing for surcharge by auditors; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for borough manager created by ordinance and election, for powers and duties, for other offices not incompatible and for organization of commission; and, in taxation and finance, further providing for preparation of budget.. Description: An Act amending Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties of elected officials, further providing for surcharge by auditors; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for borough manager created by ordinance and election, for powers and duties, for other offices not incompatible and for organization of commission; and, in taxation and finance, further providing for preparation of budget.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In auditors and accountants, further providing for surcharge by auditors; and, in township manager, further providing for township manager and appointment, removal, powers and duties and compensation and bond.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in auditors and accountants, further providing for surcharge by auditors; and, in township manager, further providing for township manager and appointment, removal, powers and duties and compensation and bond.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Adopting the Uniform Family Law Arbitration Act.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, adopting the Uniform Family Law Arbitration Act.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In keystone opportunity zones, providing for zone relocation.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 6, 1998 (P.L.705, No.92), known as the Keystone Opportunity Zone, Keystone Opportunity Expansion Zone and Keystone Opportunity Improvement Zone Act, in keystone opportunity zones, providing for zone relocation.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the entire length of State Route 4010 in North Branch Township, Wyoming County, as the Joyce Maureen Steele Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating the entire length of State Route 4010 in North Branch Township, Wyoming County, as the Joyce Maureen Steele Memorial Highway.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Uninsured Employers Guaranty Fund, further providing for claim petition.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 2, 1915 (P.L.736, No.338), known as the Workers' Compensation Act, in Uninsured Employers Guaranty Fund, further providing for claim petition.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 37590, carrying Pennsylvania Route 425 over Fishing Creek, Chanceford Township, York County, as the PFC James Joseph Criswell Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 37590, carrying Pennsylvania Route 425 over Fishing Creek, Chanceford Township, York County, as the PFC James Joseph Criswell Memorial Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 14, 1972 (P.L.233, No.64), known as The Controlled Substance, Drug, Device and Cosmetic Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Weigh Station Preclearance Program; and providing for criteria for preclearance system and devices and for data access.. Description: An Act establishing the Weigh Station Preclearance Program; and providing for criteria for preclearance system and devices and for data access.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general administration, further providing for State recording system for application of restraints to pregnant prisoners or detainees; in county correctional institutions, further providing for county recording system for application of restraints to pregnant prisoners or detainees; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for healthy birth for incarcerated women and providing for restrictive housing prohibited for pregnant or postpartum incarcerated individuals and detainees, for cavity search and inspection restrictions, for training and education requirement, for family consideration in placement and visitation, for feminine hygiene and incontinence products and for postpartum recovery.. Description: An Act amending Title 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general administration, further providing for State recording system for application of restraints to pregnant prisoners or detainees; in county correctional institutions, further providing for county recording system for application of restraints to pregnant prisoners or detainees; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for healthy birth for incarcerated women and providing for restrictive housing prohibited for pregnant or postpartum incarcerated individuals and detainees, for cavity search and inspection restrictions, for training and education requirement, for family consideration in placement and visitation, for feminine hygiene and incontinence products and for postpartum recovery.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In emergency COVID-19 response, further providing for definitions, repealing provisions relating to money in account, providing for Executive Offices, for Whole-Home Repairs Program and for arts and culture recovery grants, further providing for emergency education relief to nonpublic schools and for funding for library services and providing for biotechnology research, for use of money, for Child Care Stabilization Program, for Behavioral Health Commission or Adult Mental Health, for Department of Revenue, for State university assistance for fiscal year 2022-2023, for Development Cost Relief Program, for Housing Options Grant Program and for Department of Conservation and Natural Resources; in Rental and Utility Assistance Grant Program, further providing for reallocation of grants; in American Rescue Plan Rental and Utility Assistance Grant Program, further providing for department; in Treasury Department, providing for Commonwealth payment security; in oil and gas wells, further providing for Oil and Gas Lease Fund; in transportation network companies, motor carrier companies and parking authority of a city of the first class, further providing for transportation network company extension; providing for Agriculture Conservation Assistance Program, for Clean Water Procurement Program and for human services; in special funds, further providing for funding, for transfer, for H2O PA Account and for other grants; in additional special funds and restricted accounts, further providing for establishment of special fund and account, for use of fund, for distributions from Pennsylvania Race Horse Development Fund, for Workers' Compensation Security Fund transfer to COVID-19 Response Restricted Account and for Opioid Settlement Restricted Account; providing for additional special funds and restricted accounts; in 2021-2022 budget implementation, further providing for executive offices and for Department of Human Services; in general budget implementation, further providing for Executive Offices, for Department of Corrections, for Department of Education, for Department of Health, for Department of Labor and Industry, for Department of Military and Veterans Affairs, for Department of Human Services, for Department of Revenue, for Pennsylvania Infrastructure Investment Authority, for Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, for Pennsylvania Public Television Network Commission, for Pennsylvania Securities Commission and for State Tax Equalization Board, providing for State-related universities and further providing for surcharges and for Multimodal Transportation Fund; providing for 2022-2023 budget implementation and for 2022-2023 restrictions on appropriations for funds and accounts; abrogating regulations; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in emergency COVID-19 response, further providing for definitions, repealing provisions relating to money in account, providing for Executive Offices, for Whole-Home Repairs Program and for arts and culture recovery grants, further providing for emergency education relief to nonpublic schools and for funding for library services and providing for biotechnology research, for use of money, for Child Care Stabilization Program, for Behavioral Health Commission or Adult Mental Health, for Department of Revenue, for State university assistance for fiscal year 2022-2023, for Development Cost Relief Program, for Housing Options Grant Program and for Department of Conservation and Natural Resources; in Rental and Utility Assistance Grant Program, further providing for reallocation of grants; in American Rescue Plan Rental and Utility Assistance Grant Program, further providing for department; in Treasury Department, providing for Commonwealth payment security; in oil and gas wells, further providing for Oil and Gas Lease Fund; in transportation network companies, motor carrier companies and parking authority of a city of the first class, further providing for transportation network company extension; providing for Agriculture Conservation Assistance Program, for Clean Water Procurement Program and for human services; in special funds, further providing for funding, for transfer, for H2O PA Account and for other grants; in additional special funds and restricted accounts, further providing for establishment of special fund and account, for use of fund, for distributions from Pennsylvania Race Horse Development Fund, for Workers' Compensation Security Fund transfer to COVID-19 Response Restricted Account and for Opioid Settlement Restricted Account; providing for additional special funds and restricted accounts; in 2021-2022 budget implementation, further providing for executive offices and for Department of Human Services; in general budget implementation, further providing for Executive Offices, for Department of Corrections, for Department of Education, for Department of Health, for Department of Labor and Industry, for Department of Military and Veterans Affairs, for Department of Human Services, for Department of Revenue, for Pennsylvania Infrastructure Investment Authority, for Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, for Pennsylvania Public Television Network Commission, for Pennsylvania Securities Commission and for State Tax Equalization Board, providing for State-related universities and further providing for surcharges and for Multimodal Transportation Fund; providing for 2022-2023 budget implementation and for 2022-2023 restrictions on appropriations for funds and accounts; abrogating regulations; and making related repeals.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Adding provisions relating to resident care monitoring.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, adding provisions relating to resident care monitoring.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In theft and related offenses, providing for the offense of financial exploitation of an older adult or care-dependent person.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in theft and related offenses, providing for the offense of financial exploitation of an older adult or care-dependent person.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of abuse of care-dependent person.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of abuse of care-dependent person.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for respiratory therapists, for perfusionist, for genetic counselor and for prosthetists, ortotists, pedorthists and orthotic fitters; providing for medical imaging professionals, radiation therapists and radiologist assistants; further providing for licenses and certificates and general qualification; repealing provisions relating to radiologic procedures and education and training required; and making related and inconsistent repeals.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 1985 (P.L.457, No.112), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1985, further providing for definitions, for respiratory therapists, for perfusionist, for genetic counselor and for prosthetists, ortotists, pedorthists and orthotic fitters; providing for medical imaging professionals, radiation therapists and radiologist assistants; further providing for licenses and certificates and general qualification; repealing provisions relating to radiologic procedures and education and training required; and making related and inconsistent repeals.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for advertisements for laboratory tests.. Description: An Act amending the act of September 26, 1951 (P.L.1539, No.389), known as The Clinical Laboratory Act, providing for advertisements for laboratory tests.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for title of act; and adding provisions relating to coroners.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 24, 1976 (P.L.424, No.101), referred to as the Emergency and Law Enforcement Personnel Death Benefits Act, further providing for title of act; and adding provisions relating to coroners.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for flexibility in emergency publication of the Pennsylvania Bulletin: in Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act, further providing for definitions; and, in codification and publication of documents, further providing for preliminary publication in Pennsylvania Bulletin.. Description: An Act amending Titles 44 (Law and Justice) and 45 (Legal Notices) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for flexibility in emergency publication of the Pennsylvania Bulletin: in Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act, further providing for definitions; and, in codification and publication of documents, further providing for preliminary publication in Pennsylvania Bulletin.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 31 from Strikertown Road to Renaissance Lane in South Huntingdon Township, Westmoreland County, as the John Michael Beyrand Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 31 from Strikertown Road to Renaissance Lane in South Huntingdon Township, Westmoreland County, as the John Michael Beyrand Memorial Highway.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In turnpike, further providing for definitions, for electronic toll collection and for annual hearing; in registration of vehicles, providing for contributions for the prevention of child abuse and neglect, further providing for display of registration plate, providing for pollinator conservation registration plate, for Afghanistan and Iraq veterans plate and for Blue Star Family plate and further providing for suspension of registration upon unpaid tolls; in fees, further providing for payments to special funds and establishing the Pollinator Habitat Program Fund; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for provisions relating to fare evasion.. Description: An Act amending Titles 74 (Transportation) and 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in turnpike, further providing for definitions, for electronic toll collection and for annual hearing; in registration of vehicles, providing for contributions for the prevention of child abuse and neglect, further providing for display of registration plate, providing for pollinator conservation registration plate, for Afghanistan and Iraq veterans plate and for Blue Star Family plate and further providing for suspension of registration upon unpaid tolls; in fees, further providing for payments to special funds and establishing the Pollinator Habitat Program Fund; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for provisions relating to fare evasion.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 12165, carrying Pennsylvania Route 150 over the Bald Eagle Creek, in Bald Eagle Township, Clinton County, as the Colonel Henry Bossert Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 12165, carrying Pennsylvania Route 150 over the Bald Eagle Creek, in Bald Eagle Township, Clinton County, as the Colonel Henry Bossert Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In abortion, further providing for definitions, for medical consultation and judgment and for reporting.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in abortion, further providing for definitions, for medical consultation and judgment and for reporting.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022.. Description: An Act making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021; and making additional appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund to the Pennsylvania State Police for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021; and making additional appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund to the Pennsylvania State Police for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In dispositions independent of letters, family exemption, probate of wills and grant of letters, further providing for payments to family and funeral directors.. Description: An Act amending Title 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in dispositions independent of letters, family exemption, probate of wills and grant of letters, further providing for payments to family and funeral directors.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In tuition account program, further providing for declaration of policy, for definitions, for Tuition Account Programs Bureau, for powers of department, for Tuition Account Guaranteed Savings Program, for Tuition Account Investment Program, for general provisions governing both tuition account programs, for Federal taxation; establishing the Keystone Scholars Grant Program and the Keystone Scholars Grant Program Account; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 3, 1992 (P.L.28, No.11), known as the Tuition Account Programs and College Savings Bond Act, in tuition account program, further providing for declaration of policy, for definitions, for Tuition Account Programs Bureau, for powers of department, for Tuition Account Guaranteed Savings Program, for Tuition Account Investment Program, for general provisions governing both tuition account programs, for Federal taxation; establishing the Keystone Scholars Grant Program and the Keystone Scholars Grant Program Account; and making a related repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In assault, providing for the offense of endangerment of public safety official.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, providing for the offense of endangerment of public safety official.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of State Route 2038, also known as County Line Road, from Meetinghouse Road to Blair Mill Road in Bucks County as the U.S. Air Force Major James Doherty Memorial Highway; designating a portion of State Route 2038, also known as County Line Road, from Meetinghouse Road to Blair Mill Road in Bucks County as the U.S. Air Force Major James Doherty Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 35000, on that portion of State Route 2040 in Bentleyville Borough, Washington County, as the Mrs. Madeline Finney Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19557, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 36 over the Redbank Creek, Brookville Borough, Jefferson County, as the CPT Raymond Harry "Bud" Hetrick Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19033, on that portion of northbound State Route 119 over State Route 286 in White Township, Indiana County, as the Specialist Five Timothy Rice Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 39537, on that portion of State Route 1005 over a tributary of Crooked Creek, Rayne Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant Charles R. Learn Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 2004, also known as North Broad Street, within the Borough of Lansdale and Hatfield Township, Montgomery County, as the Dr. Frank Erdman Boston Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 57053, located over Dixon Run at the intersection of State Route 1012 to Pennsylvania Route 403 in Green Township, Indiana County, as the PVT William L. Hadden Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 36020, on that portion on Pennsylvania Route 66, known as Main Street, over the Norfolk Southern Railway, City of Greensburg, Westmoreland County, as the Sergeant Richard Ivory Cullen Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19231, on that portion of State Route 1014 over the abandoned Conrail Railroad, Green Township, Indiana County, as the Carl E. Keith Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of Pennsylvania Route 309 from the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 29 in Monroe Township, Wyoming County, to the intersection with State Route 1026 in Dallas Township, Luzerne County, as the Kunkle Firefighter Edward L. Nulton, Sr., Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41272, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 286 over Crooked Creek, Rayne Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant First Class Randy McCaulley Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45531, carrying Pennsylvania Route 879 over the West Branch Susquehanna River, Lawrence Township, Clearfield County, as the Gerald "Jerry" Confer Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 13321, located on State Route 3021, also known as Geneva Road, over the Conneaut Outlet, Union Township, Crawford County, as the Trooper John W. Marin Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43235, on that portion of State Route 2012 over Alloway Creek, Mount Joy and Germany Townships, Adams County, as the Michael Dillman Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8639, carrying State Route 3024, also known as Ragers Hill Road, over State Route 2006, Norfolk Southern Railroad, and the South Fork Branch Little Conemaugh River in Croyle Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Donald E. Hunter, USMC Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8672, on that portion of State Route 3045 over the South Branch Blacklick Creek, Vintondale Borough, Cambria County, as the John "Sonny" Kuhar, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45635, on that portion of State Route 1036 over Howells Run at Lake Rowena, Ebensburg Borough, Cambria County, as the Ross W. Dixon Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8604, on that portion of State Route 2014 over U.S. 22, Cambria County, as the Sheriff Bob Kolar, Sr., Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 322 from the intersection with County Line Lane to the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 117 through Campbelltown in South Londonderry Township, Lebanon County, as the Commissioner William E. Ames Memorial Highway; designating the portion of U.S. Route 19 between Ivory Avenue and Cemetery Lane in Ross Township, Allegheny County, as the Chief Vernon Moses Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8360, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 36 over Clearfield Creek, Ashville Borough, Cambria County, as the Francis and Robert Zerbee Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Harvey Run Road between State Route 2004 in New Sewickley Township to Pennsylvania Route 65 in Freedom Borough, Beaver County, as the Army Sergeant Joshua James Rimer Memorial Road; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 7890 on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 108 in Worth Township, Butler County, spanning Interstate 79 as the Veterans of Slippery Rock Bridge; designating the interchange of U.S. Route 119 with U.S. Route 422 in White Township, Indiana County, as the Lieutenant Colonel William A. Rush III Memorial Interchange; designating the interchange located on I-279 at Camp Horne Road in Ohio Township, Allegheny County, as the Scott F. Hirsh Memorial Interchange; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 104, from the southern border of the Borough of Middleburg to the northern border of the Borough of Middleburg, Snyder County, as the Chief of Police Tony M. Jordan Memorial Highway; designating the interchange of Interstate 276, also known as the Pennsylvania Turnpike, with Pennsylvania Route 611, known as Exit 343, and the Willow Grove Interchange in Upper Moreland Township, Montgomery County, as the Senator Stewart J. Greenleaf Memorial Interchange; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 4142, carrying State Route 1001 over the Dunning Creek in the Borough of Bedford, Bedford County, as the CPL William Glen Imler Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 2044, also known as Brierly Lane, between Homestead-Duquesne Road and Interboro Avenue in West Mifflin Borough, Allegheny County, as the Regis L. Stephenson Memorial Highway; designating the entire length of State Route 4010 in North Branch Township, Wyoming County, as the Joyce Maureen Steele Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 12165, carrying Pennsylvania Route 150 over the Bald Eagle Creek, in Bald Eagle Township, Clinton County, as the Colonel Henry Bossert Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 113 from its intersection with Schoolhouse Road, in Franconia Township, Montgomery County, and State Route 4027, also known as County Line Road, in Souderton Borough, Montgomery County, as the Honorable Robert W. Godshall Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8517, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over the Stonycreek River in Ferndale Borough, Cambria County, as the Private First Class Lee David Meadows Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 56645, carrying State Route 1045, also known as South 4th Street, over Cocalico Creek in the Borough of Denver, Lancaster County, as the John K. Weaver Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 21481, carrying State Route 1051, also known as Main Street, over Little Cocalico Creek in the Borough of Denver, Lancaster County, as the Fichthorn and Marburger Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 2019, known as Nyes Road, from the intersection of Derry Street to the intersection of Union Deposit Road, in Swatara and Lower Paxton Townships, Dauphin County, as the Glenn A. Martin Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 25507, on that portion of State Route 3006 over the Kinzua Creek in the census-designated place of Westline, Lafayette Township, McKean County, as the Westline Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 994 over the Blacklog Creek, Cromwell Township, Huntingdon County, as the Lieutenant Joseph O. Stevens Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 2009, also known as Byberry Road, between State Route 2040, also known as Warminster Road, and State Route 263, also known as Old York Road, in Hatboro Borough, Montgomery County, as the SPC John Kulick Memorial Highway; designating a portion of U.S. Route 11, also known as Main Street, from Segment 200, Offset 0000, to the intersection with Oak Street in Shickshinny Borough, Luzerne County, as the Honorable George C. Hasay Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5786, carrying State Route 3013, known as Dunnings Highway, over South Poplar Run, in Greenfield Township, Blair County, as the Bryan T. "Chipper" Chamberlain Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 20703, on State Route 1039, also known as Meredith Street, over Gordan Avenue and Lackawanna Avenue in Carbondale Township, Lackawanna County, as the Joseph Caviston Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 19699, on that portion of State Route 2003 over Mahoning Creek in Big Run Borough, Jefferson County, as the SP4 James Wise, Jr., and PFC James Wingert USMC Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 36313, carrying Pennsylvania Route 981, also known as Lloyd Avenue, over Loyalhanna Creek in Latrobe, Westmoreland County, as the Trooper Michael Stewart III Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11802, carrying State Route 3008 over Clearfield Creek, Beccaria Township, Clearfield County, as the Corporal Cecil J. Snyder Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41673, carrying Oakridge Drive (State Route 3102) over U.S. 219 in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the Cambria County Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of Interstate 76, also known as the Schuylkill Expressway, from Mile Marker 334.5 to Mile Marker 335.5 in Lower Merion Township, Montgomery County, as the Firefighter Thomas Royds Memorial Highway; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 72 from Segment 0010/Offset 0000 to Segment 0110/Offset 1330 in Cornwall Borough, Lebanon County, as the William G. Carpenter Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46159, carrying Pennsylvania Route 36 on Charger Highway, Blair Township, Blair County, as the Corporal Ralph Hammel Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68510, carrying Pennsylvania Route 271 over Coal Pit Run in Blacklick Township, Cambria County, as The Lazendorfer Brothers Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 1020, also known as Lawrence Road, between Springhouse Road and Parkway Avenue in Marple Township, Delaware County, as the Richard Paul Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68360, carrying State Route 2025, also known as Bristol Road, over U.S. Route 1 in Bensalem Township, Bucks County, as the PFC Robert Joseph Morris Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 67570, carrying State Route 2006, also known as New Falls Road, over the Pennsylvania Turnpike in Bristol Township, Bucks County, as the PFC Hopson Covington Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 7278, carrying State Route 2043, also known as Brownsville Road, over Neshaminy Creek in Lower Southampton Township, Bucks County, as the PFC George Raymond Huntzinger Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46778, carrying State Route 3012, also known as New Baltimore Road, over Raystown Branch Juniata River in Juniata Township, Bedford County, as the Army Specialist Four Harold Phillip Grasser Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 3937, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Yellow Creek in Everett Borough, Bedford County, as the PFC James E. Williams Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45676, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Bloody Run in Hopewell Township, Bedford County, as the Colonel Joseph M. Stine Memorial Bridge; and designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 50 in Mount Pleasant Township, Washington County, identified as Segment 210-220, as the Corporal Brady Clemens Paul Memorial Highway; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act designating a portion of State Route 2038, also known as County Line Road, from Meetinghouse Road to Blair Mill Road in Bucks County as the U.S. Air Force Major James Doherty Memorial Highway; designating a portion of State Route 2038, also known as County Line Road, from Meetinghouse Road to Blair Mill Road in Bucks County as the U.S. Air Force Major James Doherty Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 35000, on that portion of State Route 2040 in Bentleyville Borough, Washington County, as the Mrs. Madeline Finney Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19557, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 36 over the Redbank Creek, Brookville Borough, Jefferson County, as the CPT Raymond Harry "Bud" Hetrick Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19033, on that portion of northbound State Route 119 over State Route 286 in White Township, Indiana County, as the Specialist Five Timothy Rice Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 39537, on that portion of State Route 1005 over a tributary of Crooked Creek, Rayne Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant Charles R. Learn Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 2004, also known as North Broad Street, within the Borough of Lansdale and Hatfield Township, Montgomery County, as the Dr. Frank Erdman Boston Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 57053, located over Dixon Run at the intersection of State Route 1012 to Pennsylvania Route 403 in Green Township, Indiana County, as the PVT William L. Hadden Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 36020, on that portion on Pennsylvania Route 66, known as Main Street, over the Norfolk Southern Railway, City of Greensburg, Westmoreland County, as the Sergeant Richard Ivory Cullen Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19231, on that portion of State Route 1014 over the abandoned Conrail Railroad, Green Township, Indiana County, as the Carl E. Keith Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of Pennsylvania Route 309 from the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 29 in Monroe Township, Wyoming County, to the intersection with State Route 1026 in Dallas Township, Luzerne County, as the Kunkle Firefighter Edward L. Nulton, Sr., Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41272, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 286 over Crooked Creek, Rayne Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant First Class Randy McCaulley Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45531, carrying Pennsylvania Route 879 over the West Branch Susquehanna River, Lawrence Township, Clearfield County, as the Gerald "Jerry" Confer Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 13321, located on State Route 3021, also known as Geneva Road, over the Conneaut Outlet, Union Township, Crawford County, as the Trooper John W. Marin Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43235, on that portion of State Route 2012 over Alloway Creek, Mount Joy and Germany Townships, Adams County, as the Michael Dillman Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8639, carrying State Route 3024, also known as Ragers Hill Road, over State Route 2006, Norfolk Southern Railroad, and the South Fork Branch Little Conemaugh River in Croyle Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Donald E. Hunter, USMC Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8672, on that portion of State Route 3045 over the South Branch Blacklick Creek, Vintondale Borough, Cambria County, as the John "Sonny" Kuhar, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45635, on that portion of State Route 1036 over Howells Run at Lake Rowena, Ebensburg Borough, Cambria County, as the Ross W. Dixon Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8604, on that portion of State Route 2014 over U.S. 22, Cambria County, as the Sheriff Bob Kolar, Sr., Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 322 from the intersection with County Line Lane to the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 117 through Campbelltown in South Londonderry Township, Lebanon County, as the Commissioner William E. Ames Memorial Highway; designating the portion of U.S. Route 19 between Ivory Avenue and Cemetery Lane in Ross Township, Allegheny County, as the Chief Vernon Moses Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8360, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 36 over Clearfield Creek, Ashville Borough, Cambria County, as the Francis and Robert Zerbee Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Harvey Run Road between State Route 2004 in New Sewickley Township to Pennsylvania Route 65 in Freedom Borough, Beaver County, as the Army Sergeant Joshua James Rimer Memorial Road; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 7890 on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 108 in Worth Township, Butler County, spanning Interstate 79 as the Veterans of Slippery Rock Bridge; designating the interchange of U.S. Route 119 with U.S. Route 422 in White Township, Indiana County, as the Lieutenant Colonel William A. Rush III Memorial Interchange; designating the interchange located on I-279 at Camp Horne Road in Ohio Township, Allegheny County, as the Scott F. Hirsh Memorial Interchange; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 104, from the southern border of the Borough of Middleburg to the northern border of the Borough of Middleburg, Snyder County, as the Chief of Police Tony M. Jordan Memorial Highway; designating the interchange of Interstate 276, also known as the Pennsylvania Turnpike, with Pennsylvania Route 611, known as Exit 343, and the Willow Grove Interchange in Upper Moreland Township, Montgomery County, as the Senator Stewart J. Greenleaf Memorial Interchange; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 4142, carrying State Route 1001 over the Dunning Creek in the Borough of Bedford, Bedford County, as the CPL William Glen Imler Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 2044, also known as Brierly Lane, between Homestead-Duquesne Road and Interboro Avenue in West Mifflin Borough, Allegheny County, as the Regis L. Stephenson Memorial Highway; designating the entire length of State Route 4010 in North Branch Township, Wyoming County, as the Joyce Maureen Steele Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 12165, carrying Pennsylvania Route 150 over the Bald Eagle Creek, in Bald Eagle Township, Clinton County, as the Colonel Henry Bossert Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 113 from its intersection with Schoolhouse Road, in Franconia Township, Montgomery County, and State Route 4027, also known as County Line Road, in Souderton Borough, Montgomery County, as the Honorable Robert W. Godshall Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8517, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over the Stonycreek River in Ferndale Borough, Cambria County, as the Private First Class Lee David Meadows Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 56645, carrying State Route 1045, also known as South 4th Street, over Cocalico Creek in the Borough of Denver, Lancaster County, as the John K. Weaver Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 21481, carrying State Route 1051, also known as Main Street, over Little Cocalico Creek in the Borough of Denver, Lancaster County, as the Fichthorn and Marburger Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 2019, known as Nyes Road, from the intersection of Derry Street to the intersection of Union Deposit Road, in Swatara and Lower Paxton Townships, Dauphin County, as the Glenn A. Martin Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 25507, on that portion of State Route 3006 over the Kinzua Creek in the census-designated place of Westline, Lafayette Township, McKean County, as the Westline Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 994 over the Blacklog Creek, Cromwell Township, Huntingdon County, as the Lieutenant Joseph O. Stevens Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 2009, also known as Byberry Road, between State Route 2040, also known as Warminster Road, and State Route 263, also known as Old York Road, in Hatboro Borough, Montgomery County, as the SPC John Kulick Memorial Highway; designating a portion of U.S. Route 11, also known as Main Street, from Segment 200, Offset 0000, to the intersection with Oak Street in Shickshinny Borough, Luzerne County, as the Honorable George C. Hasay Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5786, carrying State Route 3013, known as Dunnings Highway, over South Poplar Run, in Greenfield Township, Blair County, as the Bryan T. "Chipper" Chamberlain Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 20703, on State Route 1039, also known as Meredith Street, over Gordan Avenue and Lackawanna Avenue in Carbondale Township, Lackawanna County, as the Joseph Caviston Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 19699, on that portion of State Route 2003 over Mahoning Creek in Big Run Borough, Jefferson County, as the SP4 James Wise, Jr., and PFC James Wingert USMC Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 36313, carrying Pennsylvania Route 981, also known as Lloyd Avenue, over Loyalhanna Creek in Latrobe, Westmoreland County, as the Trooper Michael Stewart III Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11802, carrying State Route 3008 over Clearfield Creek, Beccaria Township, Clearfield County, as the Corporal Cecil J. Snyder Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41673, carrying Oakridge Drive (State Route 3102) over U.S. 219 in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the Cambria County Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of Interstate 76, also known as the Schuylkill Expressway, from Mile Marker 334.5 to Mile Marker 335.5 in Lower Merion Township, Montgomery County, as the Firefighter Thomas Royds Memorial Highway; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 72 from Segment 0010/Offset 0000 to Segment 0110/Offset 1330 in Cornwall Borough, Lebanon County, as the William G. Carpenter Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46159, carrying Pennsylvania Route 36 on Charger Highway, Blair Township, Blair County, as the Corporal Ralph Hammel Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68510, carrying Pennsylvania Route 271 over Coal Pit Run in Blacklick Township, Cambria County, as The Lazendorfer Brothers Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 1020, also known as Lawrence Road, between Springhouse Road and Parkway Avenue in Marple Township, Delaware County, as the Richard Paul Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68360, carrying State Route 2025, also known as Bristol Road, over U.S. Route 1 in Bensalem Township, Bucks County, as the PFC Robert Joseph Morris Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 67570, carrying State Route 2006, also known as New Falls Road, over the Pennsylvania Turnpike in Bristol Township, Bucks County, as the PFC Hopson Covington Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 7278, carrying State Route 2043, also known as Brownsville Road, over Neshaminy Creek in Lower Southampton Township, Bucks County, as the PFC George Raymond Huntzinger Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46778, carrying State Route 3012, also known as New Baltimore Road, over Raystown Branch Juniata River in Juniata Township, Bedford County, as the Army Specialist Four Harold Phillip Grasser Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 3937, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Yellow Creek in Everett Borough, Bedford County, as the PFC James E. Williams Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45676, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Bloody Run in Hopewell Township, Bedford County, as the Colonel Joseph M. Stine Memorial Bridge; and designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 50 in Mount Pleasant Township, Washington County, identified as Segment 210-220, as the Corporal Brady Clemens Paul Memorial Highway; and making related repeals.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions and for confidentiality of records.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 9, 1976 (P.L.817, No.143), known as the Mental Health Procedures Act, in general provisions, further providing for definitions and for confidentiality of records.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for confidentiality of records.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 14, 1972 (P.L.221, No.63), known as the Pennsylvania Drug and Alcohol Abuse Control Act, further providing for definitions and for confidentiality of records.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, providing for special plates for recipients of Air Medal.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, providing for special plates for recipients of Air Medal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In mortgage loan industry licensing and consumer protection, further providing for definitions, for license requirements, for exceptions to license requirements, for general requirements, for powers conferred on certain licensees engaged in the mortgage loan business, for mortgage loan business prohibitions, for application for license, for prelicensing and continuing education, for license fees, for licensee requirements, for suspension, revocation or refusal and for mortgage servicers.. Description: An Act amending Title 7 (Banks and Banking) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in mortgage loan industry licensing and consumer protection, further providing for definitions, for license requirements, for exceptions to license requirements, for general requirements, for powers conferred on certain licensees engaged in the mortgage loan business, for mortgage loan business prohibitions, for application for license, for prelicensing and continuing education, for license fees, for licensee requirements, for suspension, revocation or refusal and for mortgage servicers.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In names and corporate powers, classification of counties, further providing for ascertainment, certification and effect of change of class; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code, in names and corporate powers, classification of counties, further providing for ascertainment, certification and effect of change of class; and making related repeals.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for collection, verification and disclosure of information by online marketplaces to inform consumers.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 17, 1968 (P.L.1224, No.387), known as the Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, providing for collection, verification and disclosure of information by online marketplaces to inform consumers.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Replacing references to the Department of Community Affairs with the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency; in miscellaneous and appropriations, repealing provisions related to appropriations; making a related repeal; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 4, 1978 (P.L.851, No.166), known as the Flood Plain Management Act, replacing references to the Department of Community Affairs with the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency; in miscellaneous and appropriations, repealing provisions related to appropriations; making a related repeal; and making editorial changes.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania National Guard, further providing for association group life insurance for Pennsylvania National Guard.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania National Guard, further providing for association group life insurance for Pennsylvania National Guard.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In ballots, further providing for number of ballots to be printed and specimen ballots.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in ballots, further providing for number of ballots to be printed and specimen ballots.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for breweries and for renewal of licenses and temporary provisions for licensees in armed service and for rights of municipalities preserved.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for breweries and for renewal of licenses and temporary provisions for licensees in armed service and for rights of municipalities preserved.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for small wireless facilities deployment.. Description: An Act providing for small wireless facilities deployment.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In public assistance, providing for pharmacy benefits manager audit and obligations; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, providing for pharmacy benefits manager audit and obligations; and abrogating regulations.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for Keystone Exams and graduation requirements, for special provisions applicable to the Keystone Exams, graduation requirements and alternative competency assessment and for Special Education Funding Commission and providing for Commission on Education and Economic Competitiveness; in grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; in professional employees, providing for locally titled positions; in certification of teachers, providing for out-of-State applicants for career and technical education certification, further providing for program of continuing professional education and for continuing professional education for school or system leaders, providing for teacher support in the Structured Literacy Program, repealing provisions relating to certificates issued by other states and providing for out-of-State applicants for certification and for prekindergarten through grade twelve dance certificate; in pupils and attendance, further providing for definitions, for Home Education Program, for assisting students experiencing education instability, for Nonprofit School Food Program, for exceptional children and education and training and for extended special education enrollment due to COVID-19; in school safety and security, further providing for School Safety and Security Committee, providing for survey of school mental health services, further providing for School Safety and Security Grant Program, for school safety and security coordinator and for school safety and security training and providing for school safety and security grants for 2022-2023 school year, for school mental health grants for 2022-2023 school year, for school safety and security coordinator training, for school safety and security training in educator, administrator and supervisory preparatory programs and for School-based Mental Health Internship Grant Program; in threat assessment, further providing for threat assessment teams; in school health services, further providing for health services; in Drug and Alcohol Recovery High School Pilot Program, further providing for definitions, for establishment of Drug and Alcohol Recovery High School Pilot Program and for scope of program and selection of students, repealing provisions relating to term of Drug and Alcohol Recovery High School Pilot Program and further providing for reporting; in terms and courses of study, further providing for agreements with institutions of higher education; providing for talent recruitment and establishing the Committee on Education Talent Recruitment, the Talent Recruitment Grant Program and the Talent Recruitment Account; providing for educational and professional development online course initiative, establishing the Online Course Clearinghouse Account and imposing penalties; in charter schools, providing for abolition of rulemaking and further providing for regulations; providing for disability inclusive curriculum and establishing the Disability Inclusive Curriculum Pilot Program; in career and technical education, providing for Cosmetology Training through Career and Technical Center Pilot Program and for Barber Training through Career and Technical Center Pilot Program; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments; in rural regional college for underserved counties, further providing for reports; in the State System of Higher Education, further providing for definitions, for establishment of the State System of Higher Education and its institutions, for board of governors and for council of trustees and providing for integrated councils; in educational tax credits, further providing for definitions, for qualification and application by organizations, for application by business firms, for tax credits, for limitations and for opportunity scholarships; in transfers of credits between institutions of higher education, further providing for definitions and for duties of public institutions of higher education; in sexual violence education at institutions of higher education, further providing for scope of article, for definitions and for education program, providing for consent to sexual activity, further providing for follow-up and for report and providing for memorandum of understanding; in miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, further providing for Public Higher Education Funding Commission and providing for State-related university performance-based funding model and for prohibition on scholarship displacement at public institutions of higher education; in ready-to-succeed scholarship, further providing for agency; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2022-2023; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for payments on account of pupils enrolled in career and technical curriculums and for student-weighted basic education funding, providing for level-up supplement for 2021-2022 school year and further providing for payments to intermediate units, for special education payments to school districts, for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status, for approved reimbursable rental for leases hereafter approved and approved reimbursable sinking fund charges on indebtedness and for Ready-to-Learn Block Grant; in construction and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for applicability; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, further providing for Keystone Exams and graduation requirements, for special provisions applicable to the Keystone Exams, graduation requirements and alternative competency assessment and for Special Education Funding Commission and providing for Commission on Education and Economic Competitiveness; in grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; in professional employees, providing for locally titled positions; in certification of teachers, providing for out-of-State applicants for career and technical education certification, further providing for program of continuing professional education and for continuing professional education for school or system leaders, providing for teacher support in the Structured Literacy Program, repealing provisions relating to certificates issued by other states and providing for out-of-State applicants for certification and for prekindergarten through grade twelve dance certificate; in pupils and attendance, further providing for definitions, for Home Education Program, for assisting students experiencing education instability, for Nonprofit School Food Program, for exceptional children and education and training and for extended special education enrollment due to COVID-19; in school safety and security, further providing for School Safety and Security Committee, providing for survey of school mental health services, further providing for School Safety and Security Grant Program, for school safety and security coordinator and for school safety and security training and providing for school safety and security grants for 2022-2023 school year, for school mental health grants for 2022-2023 school year, for school safety and security coordinator training, for school safety and security training in educator, administrator and supervisory preparatory programs and for School-based Mental Health Internship Grant Program; in threat assessment, further providing for threat assessment teams; in school health services, further providing for health services; in Drug and Alcohol Recovery High School Pilot Program, further providing for definitions, for establishment of Drug and Alcohol Recovery High School Pilot Program and for scope of program and selection of students, repealing provisions relating to term of Drug and Alcohol Recovery High School Pilot Program and further providing for reporting; in terms and courses of study, further providing for agreements with institutions of higher education; providing for talent recruitment and establishing the Committee on Education Talent Recruitment, the Talent Recruitment Grant Program and the Talent Recruitment Account; providing for educational and professional development online course initiative, establishing the Online Course Clearinghouse Account and imposing penalties; in charter schools, providing for abolition of rulemaking and further providing for regulations; providing for disability inclusive curriculum and establishing the Disability Inclusive Curriculum Pilot Program; in career and technical education, providing for Cosmetology Training through Career and Technical Center Pilot Program and for Barber Training through Career and Technical Center Pilot Program; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments; in rural regional college for underserved counties, further providing for reports; in the State System of Higher Education, further providing for definitions, for establishment of the State System of Higher Education and its institutions, for board of governors and for council of trustees and providing for integrated councils; in educational tax credits, further providing for definitions, for qualification and application by organizations, for application by business firms, for tax credits, for limitations and for opportunity scholarships; in transfers of credits between institutions of higher education, further providing for definitions and for duties of public institutions of higher education; in sexual violence education at institutions of higher education, further providing for scope of article, for definitions and for education program, providing for consent to sexual activity, further providing for follow-up and for report and providing for memorandum of understanding; in miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, further providing for Public Higher Education Funding Commission and providing for State-related university performance-based funding model and for prohibition on scholarship displacement at public institutions of higher education; in ready-to-succeed scholarship, further providing for agency; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2022-2023; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for payments on account of pupils enrolled in career and technical curriculums and for student-weighted basic education funding, providing for level-up supplement for 2021-2022 school year and further providing for payments to intermediate units, for special education payments to school districts, for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status, for approved reimbursable rental for leases hereafter approved and approved reimbursable sinking fund charges on indebtedness and for Ready-to-Learn Block Grant; in construction and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for applicability; and making editorial changes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Medicaid Care Transition Program and imposing duties on the Department of Human Services.. Description: An Act establishing the Medicaid Care Transition Program and imposing duties on the Department of Human Services.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In human services generally, reorganizing provisions relating to adoption opportunities and to family finding and kinship care; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 67 (Public Welfare) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in human services generally, reorganizing provisions relating to adoption opportunities and to family finding and kinship care; and making editorial changes.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In child protective services, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child protective services, further providing for definitions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public utility facilities, further providing for adjustment.. Description: An Act amending Title 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in public utility facilities, further providing for adjustment.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In duties and powers of boards of school directors, further providing for temporary emergency provisions.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in duties and powers of boards of school directors, further providing for temporary emergency provisions.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of July 9, 1970 (P.L.484, No.164), entitled "An act relating to indemnification agreements between architects, engineers or surveyors and owners, contractors, subcontractors or suppliers," further providing for title of act and providing for indemnification agreements relating to snow removal or ice control services.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 9, 1970 (P.L.484, No.164), entitled "An act relating to indemnification agreements between architects, engineers or surveyors and owners, contractors, subcontractors or suppliers," further providing for title of act and providing for indemnification agreements relating to snow removal or ice control services.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In administration and miscellaneous provisions, further providing for administrative duties of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board; and, in administration, funds, accounts and general provisions, further providing for administrative duties of the State Employees' Retirement Board.. Description: An Act amending Titles 24 (Education) and 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in administration and miscellaneous provisions, further providing for administrative duties of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board; and, in administration, funds, accounts and general provisions, further providing for administrative duties of the State Employees' Retirement Board.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In automobile insurance issuance, renewal, cancellation and refusal, providing for policy changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in automobile insurance issuance, renewal, cancellation and refusal, providing for policy changes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for policy changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 22, 1974 (P.L.589, No.205), known as the Unfair Insurance Practices Act, providing for policy changes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In departmental powers and duties as to licensing, providing for notice of legal representation for medical assistance.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in departmental powers and duties as to licensing, providing for notice of legal representation for medical assistance.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of February 2, 1966 (1965 P.L.1860, No.586), entitled "An act encouraging landowners to make land and water areas available to the public for recreational purposes by limiting liability in connection therewith, and repealing certain acts," further providing for definitions, for duty to keep premises safe and warning and for assurance of safe premises and duty of care and responsibility and liability.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 2, 1966 (1965 P.L.1860, No.586), entitled "An act encouraging landowners to make land and water areas available to the public for recreational purposes by limiting liability in connection therewith, and repealing certain acts," further providing for definitions, for duty to keep premises safe and warning and for assurance of safe premises and duty of care and responsibility and liability.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Pennsylvania Advisory Committee on Greater Father Involvement within the Joint State Government Commission and providing for its powers and duties.. Description: An Act establishing the Pennsylvania Advisory Committee on Greater Father Involvement within the Joint State Government Commission and providing for its powers and duties.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In other offenses, providing for prohibition against publishing or disseminating booking photographs for commercial use.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in other offenses, providing for prohibition against publishing or disseminating booking photographs for commercial use.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In child protective services, further providing for investigation of reports.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child protective services, further providing for investigation of reports.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the review and implementation of executive orders issued by the President of the United States.. Description: An Act providing for the review and implementation of executive orders issued by the President of the United States.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In property assessed clean energy program, further providing for purpose, for definitions, for establishment of a program, for notice to lien holder required for participation, for scope of work, for lien and for collection of assessments.. Description: An Act amending Title 12 (Commerce and Trade) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in property assessed clean energy program, further providing for purpose, for definitions, for establishment of a program, for notice to lien holder required for participation, for scope of work, for lien and for collection of assessments.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for access to prescription information and for expiration; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 27, 2014 (P.L.2911, No.191), known as the Achieving Better Care by Monitoring All Prescriptions Program (ABC-MAP) Act, further providing for access to prescription information and for expiration; and making an editorial change.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions and for advisory committee; and, in financial provisions, further providing for Underground Storage Tank Indemnification Board, for powers and duties of Underground Storage Tank Indemnification Board, for Underground Storage Tank Environmental Cleanup Program and for Underground Storage Tank Pollution Prevention Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 6, 1989 (P.L.169, No.32), known as the Storage Tank and Spill Prevention Act, in general provisions, further providing for definitions and for advisory committee; and, in financial provisions, further providing for Underground Storage Tank Indemnification Board, for powers and duties of Underground Storage Tank Indemnification Board, for Underground Storage Tank Environmental Cleanup Program and for Underground Storage Tank Pollution Prevention Program.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In authority of Department of Transportation, further providing for authority of department.. Description: An Act amending Title 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in authority of Department of Transportation, further providing for authority of department.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In adoption and enforcement by municipalities, further providing for consideration of applications and inspections; and, in training and certification of inspectors, providing for corrective action.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 10, 1999 (P.L.491, No.45), known as the Pennsylvania Construction Code Act, in adoption and enforcement by municipalities, further providing for consideration of applications and inspections; and, in training and certification of inspectors, providing for corrective action.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to condominiums, further providing for definitions; in management of the condominium, further providing for executive board members and officers, for bylaws, for meetings, for quorums and for voting and proxies; in general provisions relating to cooperatives, further providing for definitions; in creation, alteration and termination of cooperatives, further providing for master associations; in management of cooperatives, further providing for bylaws, for meetings, for quorums and for voting and proxies; in general provisions relating to planned communities, further providing for definitions; in creation, alteration and termination of planned communities, further providing for master associations; and, in management of planned community, further providing for bylaws, for meetings, for quorums and for voting and proxies.. Description: An Act amending Title 68 (Real and Personal Property) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions relating to condominiums, further providing for definitions; in management of the condominium, further providing for executive board members and officers, for bylaws, for meetings, for quorums and for voting and proxies; in general provisions relating to cooperatives, further providing for definitions; in creation, alteration and termination of cooperatives, further providing for master associations; in management of cooperatives, further providing for bylaws, for meetings, for quorums and for voting and proxies; in general provisions relating to planned communities, further providing for definitions; in creation, alteration and termination of planned communities, further providing for master associations; and, in management of planned community, further providing for bylaws, for meetings, for quorums and for voting and proxies.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for general powers of board, for procedure for licensing as professional engineer, for continuing professional competency requirements, for fees and for penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 23, 1945 (P.L.913, No.367), known as the Engineer, Land Surveyor and Geologist Registration Law, further providing for definitions, for general powers of board, for procedure for licensing as professional engineer, for continuing professional competency requirements, for fees and for penalties.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In pupils and attendance, providing for military child advance enrollment.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in pupils and attendance, providing for military child advance enrollment.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In compensation, further providing for ineligibility for compensation.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 5, 1936 (2nd Sp.Sess., 1937 P.L.2897, No.1), known as the Unemployment Compensation Law, in compensation, further providing for ineligibility for compensation.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In dispositions independent of letters, family exemption, probate of wills and grant of letters, further providing for payments to family and funeral directors.. Description: An Act amending Title 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in dispositions independent of letters, family exemption, probate of wills and grant of letters, further providing for payments to family and funeral directors.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In historic properties, further providing for powers over certain historic property and providing for Washington Crossing Historic Park.. Description: An Act amending Title 37 (Historical and Museums) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in historic properties, further providing for powers over certain historic property and providing for Washington Crossing Historic Park.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for work permit.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 24, 2012 (P.L.1209, No.151), known as the Child Labor Act, further providing for work permit.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In procedure, further providing for modifications, reinstatements, suspensions and terminations and for compromise and release.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 2, 1915 (P.L.736, No.338), known as the Workers' Compensation Act, in procedure, further providing for modifications, reinstatements, suspensions and terminations and for compromise and release.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In other pollutions and potential pollution, providing for notice of discharge endangering public health or environment.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 22, 1937 (P.L.1987, No.394), known as The Clean Streams Law, in other pollutions and potential pollution, providing for notice of discharge endangering public health or environment.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for title of act; in purpose, short title and definitions, further providing for definitions; in organization of the board, further providing for appointment and terms of members and quorum; in licenses of milk dealers, further providing for grounds for refusal, suspension or revocation; in moneys and expenses of board, further providing for expenses and for payment; and, in saving provisions, repealing provisions relating to Joint Study Committee.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 28, 1937 (P.L.417, No.105), known as the Milk Marketing Law, further providing for title of act; in purpose, short title and definitions, further providing for definitions; in organization of the board, further providing for appointment and terms of members and quorum; in licenses of milk dealers, further providing for grounds for refusal, suspension or revocation; in moneys and expenses of board, further providing for expenses and for payment; and, in saving provisions, repealing provisions relating to Joint Study Committee.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In definitions, further providing for definitions; and, in powers and duties of the State Real Estate Commission - general, further providing for continuing education.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 19, 1980 (P.L.15, No.9), known as the Real Estate Licensing and Registration Act, in definitions, further providing for definitions; and, in powers and duties of the State Real Estate Commission - general, further providing for continuing education.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In temporary regulatory flexibility authority, further providing for definitions and for temporary regulatory flexibility authority.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in temporary regulatory flexibility authority, further providing for definitions and for temporary regulatory flexibility authority.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In juvenile matters, further providing for disposition of dependent child; in human services generally, reorganizing provisions relating to adoption opportunities and to family finding and kinship care; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 67 (Public Welfare) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in juvenile matters, further providing for disposition of dependent child; in human services generally, reorganizing provisions relating to adoption opportunities and to family finding and kinship care; and making editorial changes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for Purple Star School Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, providing for Purple Star School Program.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for military and veterans' licensure.. Description: An Act amending Title 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for military and veterans' licensure.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, providing for apportioned registration renewal.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, providing for apportioned registration renewal.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In alteration of territory or corporate entity and dissolution, providing for municipal boundary change; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in alteration of territory or corporate entity and dissolution, providing for municipal boundary change; and making related repeals.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for confidentiality of reports and records.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 23, 1956 (1955 P.L.1510, No.500), known as the Disease Prevention and Control Law of 1955, further providing for confidentiality of reports and records.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In inchoate crimes, further providing for prohibited offensive weapons.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in inchoate crimes, further providing for prohibited offensive weapons.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of June 5, 1991 (P.L.9, No.6), known as the Pennsylvania Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority Act for Cities of the First Class, in general provisions, further providing for purpose and legislative intent, for legislative findings and for definitions; in Pennsylvania Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority, further providing for powers and duties, for term of existence of authority, for financial plan of an assisted city, for powers and duties of authority with respect to financial plans and for limitation on authority and on assisted cities to file petition for relief under Federal bankruptcy law; in bonds and funds of authority, further providing for bonds, for final date for issuance of bonds and for city payment of authority bonds; in Pennsylvania Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority tax, further providing for duration of tax; in miscellaneous provisions, providing for applicability of other law; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 5, 1991 (P.L.9, No.6), known as the Pennsylvania Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority Act for Cities of the First Class, in general provisions, further providing for purpose and legislative intent, for legislative findings and for definitions; in Pennsylvania Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority, further providing for powers and duties, for term of existence of authority, for financial plan of an assisted city, for powers and duties of authority with respect to financial plans and for limitation on authority and on assisted cities to file petition for relief under Federal bankruptcy law; in bonds and funds of authority, further providing for bonds, for final date for issuance of bonds and for city payment of authority bonds; in Pennsylvania Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority tax, further providing for duration of tax; in miscellaneous provisions, providing for applicability of other law; and making related repeals.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preemptions, providing for restrictions on utility services prohibited.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preemptions, providing for restrictions on utility services prohibited.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In United States Semiquincentennial, providing for infrastructure improvements and projects.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in United States Semiquincentennial, providing for infrastructure improvements and projects.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 994 over the Blacklog Creek, Cromwell Township, Huntingdon County, as the Lieutenant Joseph O. Stevens Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 994 over the Blacklog Creek, Cromwell Township, Huntingdon County, as the Lieutenant Joseph O. Stevens Memorial Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in licensing of drivers, further providing for school, examination or hearing on accumulation of points or excessive speeding, for driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked and for establishment of schools.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in licensing of drivers, further providing for school, examination or hearing on accumulation of points or excessive speeding, for driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked and for establishment of schools.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In corporate net income tax, further providing for definitions and for imposition of tax and providing for certifications and publications.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in corporate net income tax, further providing for definitions and for imposition of tax and providing for certifications and publications.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In 911 emergency communication services, further providing for telecommunications management.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in 911 emergency communication services, further providing for telecommunications management.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, repealing provisions relating to advisory councils for veterans' homes; in State Veterans' Commission and Deputy Adjutant General for Veterans' Affairs, further providing for definitions, repealing provisions relating to veterans' home hall of fame and providing for veterans' homes; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, repealing provisions relating to advisory councils for veterans' homes; in State Veterans' Commission and Deputy Adjutant General for Veterans' Affairs, further providing for definitions, repealing provisions relating to veterans' home hall of fame and providing for veterans' homes; and making a related repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for purchase of agricultural conservation easements.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 30, 1981 (P.L.128, No.43), known as the Agricultural Area Security Law, further providing for purchase of agricultural conservation easements.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In wiretapping and electronic surveillance, further providing for exceptions to prohibition of interception and disclosure of communications.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in wiretapping and electronic surveillance, further providing for exceptions to prohibition of interception and disclosure of communications.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In recordings by law enforcement officers, further providing for definitions; in employees, further providing for definitions; and providing for automatic certification by the Municipal Police Officers' Education and Training Commission.. Description: An Act amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in recordings by law enforcement officers, further providing for definitions; in employees, further providing for definitions; and providing for automatic certification by the Municipal Police Officers' Education and Training Commission.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating September 25, 2019, as "Someone You Know Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating September 25, 2019, as "Someone You Know Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for training of public pension fund and State fund fiduciaries.. Description: An Act amending Title 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for training of public pension fund and State fund fiduciaries.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In dispositions independent of letters, family exemption and probate of wills and grant of letters, further providing for settlement of small estates on petition.. Description: An Act amending Title 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in dispositions independent of letters, family exemption and probate of wills and grant of letters, further providing for settlement of small estates on petition.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for projects affecting submerged lands of the Commonwealth.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 26, 1978 (P.L.1375, No.325), known as the Dam Safety and Encroachments Act, further providing for definitions and for projects affecting submerged lands of the Commonwealth.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for mental health instruction study.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for mental health instruction study.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for sexual assault evidence collection program.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 29, 2006 (P.L.1471, No.165), known as the Sexual Assault Testing and Evidence Collection Act, further providing for sexual assault evidence collection program.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for COVID-19 testing; establishing the COVID-19 At-Home Testing Distribution Program; and making an inconsistent repeal.. Description: An Act providing for COVID-19 testing; establishing the COVID-19 At-Home Testing Distribution Program; and making an inconsistent repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for public venue license.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for public venue license.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In crime victims, further providing for rights.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 24, 1998 (P.L.882, No.111), known as the Crime Victims Act, in crime victims, further providing for rights.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In the Secretary of the Commonwealth, further providing for powers and duties of the Secretary of the Commonwealth; and, in county boards of elections, further providing for powers and duties of county boards.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in the Secretary of the Commonwealth, further providing for powers and duties of the Secretary of the Commonwealth; and, in county boards of elections, further providing for powers and duties of county boards.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In certification of teachers, providing for teacher support in the Science of Reading Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in certification of teachers, providing for teacher support in the Science of Reading Program.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In bonds and recognizances, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in bonds and recognizances, further providing for definitions.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Borough of West Pittston certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the Borough of West Pittston, Luzerne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to quitclaim and release to the Waymart Area Historical Society any right, title or interest it may have with respect to certain historical use restrictions and a related reversionary interest affecting certain real property situate in the Township of Canaan, Wayne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission and the Governor, to grant and convey to The Grist at Mather Mill, Ltd., certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Whitemarsh Township, Montgomery County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to issue a corrective deed to the Potter County Housing Authority, and to quitclaim and release to the Potter County Housing Authority any right, title or interest it may have with respect to a certain use restriction and a related reversionary interest in each case related to certain real property situate in the Borough of Coudersport, Potter County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, through a competitive solicitation for proposals process; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Corrections and the Governor, to lease to the County of Wayne a portion of the lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Correctional Institution - Waymart, situate in the Township of Canaan and Borough of Waymart, Wayne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania State Police and the Governor, to grant and convey to Robert Swingle certain lands and improvements situate in the Township of Richmond, Tioga County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Coraopolis Borough, Allegheny County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the Borough of Wyoming certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the Borough of Wyoming, Luzerne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the State Fire Commissioner and the Governor, to relocate a permanent easement previously granted to Mifflin County from certain lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Fire Academy situate in the Borough of Lewistown, Mifflin County, for the benefit of the general public; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Harry E. Frey, Jr. and Jeffrey L. Frey, a permanent easement over certain lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at Muncy State Correctional Institution situate in Clinton Township, Lycoming County, for the purpose of ingress and egress to lands which Harry E. Frey, Jr. and Jeffrey L. Frey propose to acquire from Harold James Carpenter and Carlene M. Carpenter; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands and improvements situate in the Township of Brenner, County of Centre, to The Centre County Industrial Development Corporation; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Borough of West Pittston certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the Borough of West Pittston, Luzerne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to quitclaim and release to the Waymart Area Historical Society any right, title or interest it may have with respect to certain historical use restrictions and a related reversionary interest affecting certain real property situate in the Township of Canaan, Wayne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission and the Governor, to grant and convey to The Grist at Mather Mill, Ltd., certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Whitemarsh Township, Montgomery County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to issue a corrective deed to the Potter County Housing Authority, and to quitclaim and release to the Potter County Housing Authority any right, title or interest it may have with respect to a certain use restriction and a related reversionary interest in each case related to certain real property situate in the Borough of Coudersport, Potter County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, through a competitive solicitation for proposals process; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Corrections and the Governor, to lease to the County of Wayne a portion of the lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Correctional Institution - Waymart, situate in the Township of Canaan and Borough of Waymart, Wayne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania State Police and the Governor, to grant and convey to Robert Swingle certain lands and improvements situate in the Township of Richmond, Tioga County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Coraopolis Borough, Allegheny County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the Borough of Wyoming certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the Borough of Wyoming, Luzerne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the State Fire Commissioner and the Governor, to relocate a permanent easement previously granted to Mifflin County from certain lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Fire Academy situate in the Borough of Lewistown, Mifflin County, for the benefit of the general public; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Harry E. Frey, Jr. and Jeffrey L. Frey, a permanent easement over certain lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at Muncy State Correctional Institution situate in Clinton Township, Lycoming County, for the purpose of ingress and egress to lands which Harry E. Frey, Jr. and Jeffrey L. Frey propose to acquire from Harold James Carpenter and Carlene M. Carpenter; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands and improvements situate in the Township of Brenner, County of Centre, to The Centre County Industrial Development Corporation; and making related repeals.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions, for form of records, for delivery of document, for functions of Department of State, for processing of documents by Department of State, for court to pass upon rejection of documents by Department of State, for statement of correction and for tax clearance of certain fundamental transactions, providing for annual report and further providing for short title and application of subchapter and for fee schedule; in entities generally, further providing for requirements for names generally, for required name changes by senior associations and for registration of name of nonregistered foreign association and providing for ratification of defective entity actions; in entity transactions, further providing for definitions, for relationship of chapter to other provisions of law, for nature of transactions, for excluded entities and transactions, for approval by business corporation, for interest exchange authorized, for statement of conversion and effectiveness, for approval of division, for division without interest holder approval, for effect of division, for allocation of liabilities in division and for domestication authorized and providing for administrative dissolution or cancellation; in foreign associations, further providing for governing law, for activities not constituting doing business, for noncomplying name of foreign association, for required withdrawal on certain transactions and for termination of registration; in corporations, further providing for application and effect of subchapter, for standard of care and justifiable reliance, for personal liability of directors, for notation of dissent, for exercise of powers generally, for alternative standard, for limitation on standing and for actions by shareholders or members to enforce a secondary right and providing for renunciation of business opportunities; in general provisions relating to business corporations, further providing for application of subpart and for definitions and repealing provisions relating to annual report information; in incorporation, further providing for articles of incorporation; in corporate powers, duties and safeguards, further providing for general powers, for adoption, amendment and contents of bylaws, for persons bound by bylaws, for registered office, for corporate records and inspection by members, for bylaws and other powers in emergency and for informational rights of a director, providing for forum selection provisions and further providing for authorized shares, for stock rights and options, for transfer of securities and restrictions, for power of corporation to acquire its own shares, for liability for unlawful dividends and other distributions and for application and effect of subchapter; in officers, directors and shareholders, further providing for manner of giving notice, for place and notice of meetings of shareholders, for use of conference telephone or other electronic technology, for conduct of shareholders meeting, for alternative provisions, for standard of care and justifiable reliance, for personal liability of directors, for notation of dissent, for exercise of powers generally, for alternative standard, for limitation on standing and for inconsistent articles ineffective, providing for renunciation of business opportunities, further providing for board of directors, for qualifications of directors, for term of office of directors, for selection of directors, for quorum of and action by directors, for interested directors or officers and quorum, for compensation of directors, for executive and other committees of the board and for officers, providing for officer's standard of care and justifiable reliance and for personal liability of officers and further providing for mandatory indemnification, for duration and extent of coverage, for time of holding meetings of shareholders, for quorum, for voting rights of shareholders, for determination of shareholders of record, for voting lists, for consent of members in lieu of meeting, for derivative action, for eligible shareholder plaintiffs and security for costs and for special litigation committee; in fundamental changes, further providing for proposal of fundamental transactions, for amendment of articles authorized, for proposal of amendments for adoption of amendments, for voluntary transfer of corporate assets and for survival of remedies and rights after dissolution; in nonstock corporations, further providing for election of an existing business corporation to become a nonstock corporation and for termination of nonstock corporation status; in registered corporations, further providing for call of special meetings of shareholders, for adjournment of meetings of shareholders, for consent of shareholders in lieu of meeting, and for notice of shareholder meetings, providing for qualifications of directors, and further providing for application and effect of subchapter, for definitions, for business combination, for application and effect of subchapter, for definitions, for voting rights of shares acquired in a control-share, for procedure for establishing voting rights of control shares, for application and effect of subchapter and for definitions; in benefit corporations, further providing for standard of conduct for directors, for benefit director and for standard of conduct for officers; in general provisions relating to nonprofit corporations, further providing for definitions and repealing provisions relating to annual report; in incorporation, further providing for articles of incorporation; in corporate powers duties and safeguards, further providing for adoption, amendment and contents of bylaws, for persons bound by bylaws, for registered office, for corporate records and inspection by members, for bylaws and other powers in emergency and for informational rights of a director, providing for forum selection provisions, and further providing for authority to take and hold trust property; in officers, directors and members, further providing for manner of giving notice, for place and notice of meetings of members, for use of conference telephone or other electronic technology, for conduct of members meeting, for alternative provisions, for standard of care and justifiable reliance, for personal liability of directors, for notation of dissent, for exercise of powers generally, for alternative standard and for limitation on standing, providing for renunciation of corporate opportunities, further providing for board of directors, for term of office of directors, for selection of directors, for quorum of and action by directors, for interested directors or officers and quorum, for compensation of directors, for executive and other committees of the board and for officers, providing for officer's standard of care and justifiable reliance and for personal liability of officers and further providing for mandatory indemnification, for duration and extent of coverage, for time of holding meetings of members, for quorum, for voting rights of members, for determination of members of record, for consent of members in lieu of meeting, for derivative action, for eligible member plaintiffs and security for costs and for special litigation committee; in amendments, sale of assets and dissolution, further providing for amendment of articles authorized, for proposal of amendments and for survival of remedies and rights after dissolution; in electric cooperative corporations, further providing for merger, consolidation, division or sale of assets; in general partnerships, further providing for short title and application of chapter, for partner's rights and duties and for rights to information; in limited partnerships, further providing for short title and application of chapter, for signing of filed documents, for registered office, for limited partner rights to information, for general partner rights to information, for derivative action, for security for costs and for special litigation committee; in limited liability companies, further providing for formation of limited liability company and certificate of organization, for registered office, for rights to information, for derivative action, for security for costs, for special litigation committee, for standard of conduct for members and for standard of conduct for managers and officers; in limited liability companies, further providing for application and effect of subchapter; in business trusts, further providing for registered office; in general provisions, further providing for definitions and for execution of documents; in fictitious names, further providing for definitions, for registration, for contracts entered into by entity using unregistered fictitious name and for effect of registration; in corporate and other association names, repealing provisions relating to register established, to certain additions to register, to decennial filings required, to effect of failure to make filings, to late filings and to voluntary termination of registration by corporations and other associations; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Titles 15 (Corporations and Unincorporated Associations) and 54 (Names) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions, for form of records, for delivery of document, for functions of Department of State, for processing of documents by Department of State, for court to pass upon rejection of documents by Department of State, for statement of correction and for tax clearance of certain fundamental transactions, providing for annual report and further providing for short title and application of subchapter and for fee schedule; in entities generally, further providing for requirements for names generally, for required name changes by senior associations and for registration of name of nonregistered foreign association and providing for ratification of defective entity actions; in entity transactions, further providing for definitions, for relationship of chapter to other provisions of law, for nature of transactions, for excluded entities and transactions, for approval by business corporation, for interest exchange authorized, for statement of conversion and effectiveness, for approval of division, for division without interest holder approval, for effect of division, for allocation of liabilities in division and for domestication authorized and providing for administrative dissolution or cancellation; in foreign associations, further providing for governing law, for activities not constituting doing business, for noncomplying name of foreign association, for required withdrawal on certain transactions and for termination of registration; in corporations, further providing for application and effect of subchapter, for standard of care and justifiable reliance, for personal liability of directors, for notation of dissent, for exercise of powers generally, for alternative standard, for limitation on standing and for actions by shareholders or members to enforce a secondary right and providing for renunciation of business opportunities; in general provisions relating to business corporations, further providing for application of subpart and for definitions and repealing provisions relating to annual report information; in incorporation, further providing for articles of incorporation; in corporate powers, duties and safeguards, further providing for general powers, for adoption, amendment and contents of bylaws, for persons bound by bylaws, for registered office, for corporate records and inspection by members, for bylaws and other powers in emergency and for informational rights of a director, providing for forum selection provisions and further providing for authorized shares, for stock rights and options, for transfer of securities and restrictions, for power of corporation to acquire its own shares, for liability for unlawful dividends and other distributions and for application and effect of subchapter; in officers, directors and shareholders, further providing for manner of giving notice, for place and notice of meetings of shareholders, for use of conference telephone or other electronic technology, for conduct of shareholders meeting, for alternative provisions, for standard of care and justifiable reliance, for personal liability of directors, for notation of dissent, for exercise of powers generally, for alternative standard, for limitation on standing and for inconsistent articles ineffective, providing for renunciation of business opportunities, further providing for board of directors, for qualifications of directors, for term of office of directors, for selection of directors, for quorum of and action by directors, for interested directors or officers and quorum, for compensation of directors, for executive and other committees of the board and for officers, providing for officer's standard of care and justifiable reliance and for personal liability of officers and further providing for mandatory indemnification, for duration and extent of coverage, for time of holding meetings of shareholders, for quorum, for voting rights of shareholders, for determination of shareholders of record, for voting lists, for consent of members in lieu of meeting, for derivative action, for eligible shareholder plaintiffs and security for costs and for special litigation committee; in fundamental changes, further providing for proposal of fundamental transactions, for amendment of articles authorized, for proposal of amendments for adoption of amendments, for voluntary transfer of corporate assets and for survival of remedies and rights after dissolution; in nonstock corporations, further providing for election of an existing business corporation to become a nonstock corporation and for termination of nonstock corporation status; in registered corporations, further providing for call of special meetings of shareholders, for adjournment of meetings of shareholders, for consent of shareholders in lieu of meeting, and for notice of shareholder meetings, providing for qualifications of directors, and further providing for application and effect of subchapter, for definitions, for business combination, for application and effect of subchapter, for definitions, for voting rights of shares acquired in a control-share, for procedure for establishing voting rights of control shares, for application and effect of subchapter and for definitions; in benefit corporations, further providing for standard of conduct for directors, for benefit director and for standard of conduct for officers; in general provisions relating to nonprofit corporations, further providing for definitions and repealing provisions relating to annual report; in incorporation, further providing for articles of incorporation; in corporate powers duties and safeguards, further providing for adoption, amendment and contents of bylaws, for persons bound by bylaws, for registered office, for corporate records and inspection by members, for bylaws and other powers in emergency and for informational rights of a director, providing for forum selection provisions, and further providing for authority to take and hold trust property; in officers, directors and members, further providing for manner of giving notice, for place and notice of meetings of members, for use of conference telephone or other electronic technology, for conduct of members meeting, for alternative provisions, for standard of care and justifiable reliance, for personal liability of directors, for notation of dissent, for exercise of powers generally, for alternative standard and for limitation on standing, providing for renunciation of corporate opportunities, further providing for board of directors, for term of office of directors, for selection of directors, for quorum of and action by directors, for interested directors or officers and quorum, for compensation of directors, for executive and other committees of the board and for officers, providing for officer's standard of care and justifiable reliance and for personal liability of officers and further providing for mandatory indemnification, for duration and extent of coverage, for time of holding meetings of members, for quorum, for voting rights of members, for determination of members of record, for consent of members in lieu of meeting, for derivative action, for eligible member plaintiffs and security for costs and for special litigation committee; in amendments, sale of assets and dissolution, further providing for amendment of articles authorized, for proposal of amendments and for survival of remedies and rights after dissolution; in electric cooperative corporations, further providing for merger, consolidation, division or sale of assets; in general partnerships, further providing for short title and application of chapter, for partner's rights and duties and for rights to information; in limited partnerships, further providing for short title and application of chapter, for signing of filed documents, for registered office, for limited partner rights to information, for general partner rights to information, for derivative action, for security for costs and for special litigation committee; in limited liability companies, further providing for formation of limited liability company and certificate of organization, for registered office, for rights to information, for derivative action, for security for costs, for special litigation committee, for standard of conduct for members and for standard of conduct for managers and officers; in limited liability companies, further providing for application and effect of subchapter; in business trusts, further providing for registered office; in general provisions, further providing for definitions and for execution of documents; in fictitious names, further providing for definitions, for registration, for contracts entered into by entity using unregistered fictitious name and for effect of registration; in corporate and other association names, repealing provisions relating to register established, to certain additions to register, to decennial filings required, to effect of failure to make filings, to late filings and to voluntary termination of registration by corporations and other associations; and making editorial changes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In consolidated collection of local income taxes, further providing for declaration and payment of income taxes.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 31, 1965 (P.L.1257, No.511), known as The Local Tax Enabling Act, in consolidated collection of local income taxes, further providing for declaration and payment of income taxes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a portion of U.S. Route 11, also known as Main Street, from Segment 200, Offset 0000 to the intersection with Oak Street in Shickshinny Borough, Luzerne County, as the Honorable George C. Hasay Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating a portion of U.S. Route 11, also known as Main Street, from Segment 200, Offset 0000 to the intersection with Oak Street in Shickshinny Borough, Luzerne County, as the Honorable George C. Hasay Memorial Highway.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Pennsylvania Broadband Development Authority to provide broadband Internet access to unserved and underserved residents; and providing for powers and duties of the authority and for grant awards.. Description: An Act amending Title 64 (Public Authorities and Quasi-Public Corporations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing the Pennsylvania Broadband Development Authority to provide broadband Internet access to unserved and underserved residents; and providing for powers and duties of the authority and for grant awards.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for payment of delinquent Children's Health Insurance Program premium balances.. Description: An Act providing for payment of delinquent Children's Health Insurance Program premium balances.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5786, carrying State Route 3013, known as Dunnings Highway, over South Poplar Run, in Greenfield Township, Blair County, as the Bryan T. "Chipper" Chamberlain Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5786, carrying State Route 3013, known as Dunnings Highway, over South Poplar Run, in Greenfield Township, Blair County, as the Bryan T. "Chipper" Chamberlain Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the procedure relating to the suspension of the Pennsylvania Heavy-Duty Diesel Emissions Control Program and for the applicability of Federal standards.. Description: An Act providing for the procedure relating to the suspension of the Pennsylvania Heavy-Duty Diesel Emissions Control Program and for the applicability of Federal standards.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In exemptions, applicability and penalties, further providing for exemptions.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 10, 1999 (P.L.491, No.45), known as the Pennsylvania Construction Code Act, in exemptions, applicability and penalties, further providing for exemptions.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, further providing for operation of State-owned vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, further providing for operation of State-owned vehicles.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for decommissioning of alternative energy facilities.. Description: An Act amending Title 27 (Environmental Resources) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for decommissioning of alternative energy facilities.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In decorations, medals, badges and awards, further providing for authorized decorations, medals, badges and awards.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in decorations, medals, badges and awards, further providing for authorized decorations, medals, badges and awards.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In emergency medical services system, further providing for basic life support ambulances.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in emergency medical services system, further providing for basic life support ambulances.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In administrative organization, further providing for departmental administrative boards, commissions and offices and for advisory boards and commissions; in organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, repealing provisions relating to State Art Commission and further providing for advisory boards and commissions; and, in powers and duties of the Department of Public Welfare and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, repealing provisions relating to powers and duties of the State Board of Public Welfare and further providing for the powers and duties of advisory committees.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in administrative organization, further providing for departmental administrative boards, commissions and offices and for advisory boards and commissions; in organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, repealing provisions relating to State Art Commission and further providing for advisory boards and commissions; and, in powers and duties of the Department of Public Welfare and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, repealing provisions relating to powers and duties of the State Board of Public Welfare and further providing for the powers and duties of advisory committees.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In mayor, further providing for execution of laws, powers of sheriff conferred and emergency powers.. Description: An Act amending Title 11 (Cities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in mayor, further providing for execution of laws, powers of sheriff conferred and emergency powers.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In public indecency, further providing for the offense of prostitution and related offenses and for obscene and other sexual materials and performances.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in public indecency, further providing for the offense of prostitution and related offenses and for obscene and other sexual materials and performances.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions relating to aviation, further providing for Aviation Restricted Account; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions relating to aviation, further providing for Aviation Restricted Account; and making a related repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In turnpike, further providing for definitions, for electronic toll collection and for annual hearing; in registration of vehicles, further providing for suspension of registration upon unpaid tolls; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for provisions relating to fare evasion.. Description: An Act amending Titles 74 (Transportation) and 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in turnpike, further providing for definitions, for electronic toll collection and for annual hearing; in registration of vehicles, further providing for suspension of registration upon unpaid tolls; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for provisions relating to fare evasion.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In county correctional institutions, further providing for establishment.. Description: An Act amending Title 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in county correctional institutions, further providing for establishment.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In legal advertising, providing for redundant advertising on Internet by political subdivisions or municipal authorities; and, in open meetings, further providing for public notice.. Description: An Act amending Titles 45 (Legal Notices) and 65 (Public Officers) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in legal advertising, providing for redundant advertising on Internet by political subdivisions or municipal authorities; and, in open meetings, further providing for public notice.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for fireworks; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for fireworks; and making a related repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, further providing for laws suspended during emergency assignments; in general provisions, further providing for public access to procurement records; and, in source selection and contract formation, further providing for emergency procurement.. Description: An Act amending Titles 35 (Health and Safety) and 62 (Procurement) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, further providing for laws suspended during emergency assignments; in general provisions, further providing for public access to procurement records; and, in source selection and contract formation, further providing for emergency procurement.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Lifeline Scholarship Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, establishing the Lifeline Scholarship Program.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to quitclaim and release to the Waymart Area Historical Society any right, title or interest it may have with respect to certain historical use restrictions and a related reversionary interest affecting certain real property situate in the Township of Canaan, Wayne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission and the Governor, to grant and convey to The Grist at Mather Mill, Ltd., certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Whitemarsh Township, Montgomery County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to issue a corrective deed to the Potter County Housing Authority, and to quitclaim and release to the Potter County Housing Authority any right, title or interest it may have with respect to a certain use restriction and a related reversionary interest in each case related to certain real property situate in the Borough of Coudersport, Potter County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, through a competitive solicitation for proposals process; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Corrections and the Governor, to lease to the County of Wayne a portion of the lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Correctional Institution - Waymart, situate in the Township of Canaan and Borough of Waymart, Wayne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the Berks County Redevelopment Authority certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the Borough of Hamburg and Windsor Township, Berks County, being a portion of the former Hamburg Center; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Berks County Intermediate Unit certain lands and improvements situate in Windsor Township, Berks County, being a portion of the former Hamburg Center; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania State Police and the Governor, to grant and convey to Robert Swingle certain lands and improvements situate in the Township of Richmond, Tioga County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Coraopolis Borough, Allegheny County; and authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the Borough of Wyoming certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the Borough of Wyoming, Luzerne County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to quitclaim and release to the Waymart Area Historical Society any right, title or interest it may have with respect to certain historical use restrictions and a related reversionary interest affecting certain real property situate in the Township of Canaan, Wayne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission and the Governor, to grant and convey to The Grist at Mather Mill, Ltd., certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Whitemarsh Township, Montgomery County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to issue a corrective deed to the Potter County Housing Authority, and to quitclaim and release to the Potter County Housing Authority any right, title or interest it may have with respect to a certain use restriction and a related reversionary interest in each case related to certain real property situate in the Borough of Coudersport, Potter County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, through a competitive solicitation for proposals process; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Corrections and the Governor, to lease to the County of Wayne a portion of the lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Correctional Institution - Waymart, situate in the Township of Canaan and Borough of Waymart, Wayne County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the Berks County Redevelopment Authority certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the Borough of Hamburg and Windsor Township, Berks County, being a portion of the former Hamburg Center; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Berks County Intermediate Unit certain lands and improvements situate in Windsor Township, Berks County, being a portion of the former Hamburg Center; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania State Police and the Governor, to grant and convey to Robert Swingle certain lands and improvements situate in the Township of Richmond, Tioga County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Coraopolis Borough, Allegheny County; and authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the Borough of Wyoming certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the Borough of Wyoming, Luzerne County.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In child protective services, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child protective services, further providing for definitions.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In land banks, further providing for legislative findings and purpose, for board, for powers and for disposition of property and providing for exemption from realty transfer tax.. Description: An Act amending Title 68 (Real and Personal Property) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in land banks, further providing for legislative findings and purpose, for board, for powers and for disposition of property and providing for exemption from realty transfer tax.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 26, 2008 (P.L.1672, No.135), known as the Abandoned and Blighted Property Conservatorship Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of September 1, 1965 (P.L.420, No.215), entitled "An act for the protection of the public health, and to prevent fraud and deception in the manufacture, sale, offering for sale, exposing for sale, and possession with intent to sell, of adulterated or deleterious frozen desserts, providing for licensing, authorizing and regulating the manufacture and sale of frozen desserts, conferring powers and imposing duties upon the Department of Agriculture, prescribing penalties, providing for the enforcement thereof, and making repeals.". Description: An Act repealing the act of September 1, 1965 (P.L.420, No.215), entitled "An act for the protection of the public health, and to prevent fraud and deception in the manufacture, sale, offering for sale, exposing for sale, and possession with intent to sell, of adulterated or deleterious frozen desserts, providing for licensing, authorizing and regulating the manufacture and sale of frozen desserts, conferring powers and imposing duties upon the Department of Agriculture, prescribing penalties, providing for the enforcement thereof, and making repeals."
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In miscellaneous provisions, providing for miscellaneous provisions; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 67 (Public Welfare) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in miscellaneous provisions, providing for miscellaneous provisions; and making an editorial change.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for Pennsylvania Infrastructure Bank and for Pennsylvania Infrastructure Bank Fund; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending Title 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for Pennsylvania Infrastructure Bank and for Pennsylvania Infrastructure Bank Fund; and making related repeals.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In temporary regulatory flexibility authority, further providing for COVID-19 regulatory flexibility authority; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in temporary regulatory flexibility authority, further providing for COVID-19 regulatory flexibility authority; and making an editorial change.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 6, 2019, as "German-American Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 6, 2019, as "German-American Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general grant of powers and limitations, providing for term of office and limit for district attorney.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 21, 1949 (P.L.665, No.155), known as the First Class City Home Rule Act, in general grant of powers and limitations, providing for term of office and limit for district attorney.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for scope of subchapter, providing for definitions, further providing for establishment and designation, providing for emergency meetings by authorized telecommunications device, repealing provisions relating to exercise of powers and functions, further providing for declaration of policy and for definitions, repealing provisions relating to enabling authority for emergency interim successors for local offices, further providing for emergency interim successors for local officers and for succession period and repealing provisions relating to term and removal of designees.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for scope of subchapter, providing for definitions, further providing for establishment and designation, providing for emergency meetings by authorized telecommunications device, repealing provisions relating to exercise of powers and functions, further providing for declaration of policy and for definitions, repealing provisions relating to enabling authority for emergency interim successors for local offices, further providing for emergency interim successors for local officers and for succession period and repealing provisions relating to term and removal of designees.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for city classification; making a related repeal; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 11 (Cities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for city classification; making a related repeal; and making editorial changes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, prohibiting scholarship displacement at public institutions of higher education under certain circumstances.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, prohibiting scholarship displacement at public institutions of higher education under certain circumstances.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Industrial Development Authority, further providing for certification of economic development organizations and providing for annual report.. Description: An Act amending Title 64 (Public Authorities and Quasi-Public Corporations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Industrial Development Authority, further providing for certification of economic development organizations and providing for annual report.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for minors serving in volunteer emergency service organizations.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 24, 2012 (P.L.1209, No.151), known as the Child Labor Act, further providing for minors serving in volunteer emergency service organizations.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sexual offenses, further providing for the offense of sexual extortion.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sexual offenses, further providing for the offense of sexual extortion.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In firearms and other dangerous articles, further providing for persons not to possess, use, manufacture, control, sell or transfer firearms and for sale or transfer of firearms and providing for Gun Violence Task Force in cities of the first class.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in firearms and other dangerous articles, further providing for persons not to possess, use, manufacture, control, sell or transfer firearms and for sale or transfer of firearms and providing for Gun Violence Task Force in cities of the first class.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sales and use tax, further providing for time for filing returns.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in sales and use tax, further providing for time for filing returns.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Enacting the Uniform Deployed Parents Custody and Visitation Act; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Titles 23 (Domestic Relations) and 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, enacting the Uniform Deployed Parents Custody and Visitation Act; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for temporary health care services agencies.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, providing for temporary health care services agencies.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for powers and duties of the Department of Environmental Resources; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 4, 1978 (P.L.864, No.167), known as the Storm Water Management Act, further providing for powers and duties of the Department of Environmental Resources; and making editorial changes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the sale or distribution of kratom products to individuals younger than 18 years of age; providing for duties of Department of Health; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act prohibiting the sale or distribution of kratom products to individuals younger than 18 years of age; providing for duties of Department of Health; and imposing penalties.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, further providing for person with disability plate and placard; in fees, further providing for exemption of persons, entities and vehicles from fees; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for specific powers of department and local authorities.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, further providing for person with disability plate and placard; in fees, further providing for exemption of persons, entities and vehicles from fees; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for specific powers of department and local authorities.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In veteran recognition, providing for Women Veterans Day.. Description: An Act amending Title 38 (Holidays and Observances) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in veteran recognition, providing for Women Veterans Day.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for duty of Department of Environmental Protection to prohibit the construction or installation of wind turbines that negatively affect military installations.. Description: An Act providing for duty of Department of Environmental Protection to prohibit the construction or installation of wind turbines that negatively affect military installations.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in abandoned vehicles and cargos, further providing for reports by private property owners of abandoned vehicles and providing for abandoned vehicles at wholesale vehicle auctions.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in abandoned vehicles and cargos, further providing for reports by private property owners of abandoned vehicles and providing for abandoned vehicles at wholesale vehicle auctions.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, further providing for transfer authority over Lieutenant Governor's Mansion.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, further providing for transfer authority over Lieutenant Governor's Mansion.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the provision or sale of Pennsylvania milk in Pennsylvania schools.. Description: An Act authorizing the provision or sale of Pennsylvania milk in Pennsylvania schools.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions; and providing for permit not required for certain maintenance projects.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 26, 1978 (P.L.1375, No.325), known as the Dam Safety and Encroachments Act, further providing for definitions; and providing for permit not required for certain maintenance projects.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for annual report on flooding and stream restoration in this Commonwealth.. Description: An Act providing for annual report on flooding and stream restoration in this Commonwealth.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in certificate of title and security interests, further providing for content and effect of certificate of title; in rules of the road in general, repealing provisions relating to platooning; in miscellaneous provisions, providing for theft of catalytic converter; in miscellaneous provisions relating to accidents and accident reports, further providing for accidents involving death or personal injury, for accidents involving damage to attended vehicle or property, for duty to give information and render aid, for accidents involving damage to unattended vehicle or property, and for immediate notice of accident to police department; in equipment standards, further providing for promulgation of vehicle equipment standards; in inspection of vehicles, further providing for requirement for periodic inspection of vehicles; in size, weight and load, further providing for width of vehicles; in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for specific powers of department and local authorities; and, in highly automated vehicles, further providing for definitions, for highly automated vehicles and for Highly Automated Vehicle Advisory Committee, providing for certificate of compliance required, for powers of department, for self-certification application, for self-certification review, for operation requirements, for commercial operation, for preemption, for enforcement and penalties, for regulations and guidelines, for confidential records, for appeals and for interstate agreements; and adding provisions relating to other automated vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in certificate of title and security interests, further providing for content and effect of certificate of title; in rules of the road in general, repealing provisions relating to platooning; in miscellaneous provisions, providing for theft of catalytic converter; in miscellaneous provisions relating to accidents and accident reports, further providing for accidents involving death or personal injury, for accidents involving damage to attended vehicle or property, for duty to give information and render aid, for accidents involving damage to unattended vehicle or property, and for immediate notice of accident to police department; in equipment standards, further providing for promulgation of vehicle equipment standards; in inspection of vehicles, further providing for requirement for periodic inspection of vehicles; in size, weight and load, further providing for width of vehicles; in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for specific powers of department and local authorities; and, in highly automated vehicles, further providing for definitions, for highly automated vehicles and for Highly Automated Vehicle Advisory Committee, providing for certificate of compliance required, for powers of department, for self-certification application, for self-certification review, for operation requirements, for commercial operation, for preemption, for enforcement and penalties, for regulations and guidelines, for confidential records, for appeals and for interstate agreements; and adding provisions relating to other automated vehicles.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licensing of health care facilities, further providing for licensure; providing for COVID-19 regulatory flexibility authority; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, in licensing of health care facilities, further providing for licensure; providing for COVID-19 regulatory flexibility authority; and making a related repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for issuance of and conditions for continuous maintenance permits.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 26, 1978 (P.L.1375, No.325), known as the Dam Safety and Encroachments Act, providing for issuance of and conditions for continuous maintenance permits.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for county conservation district stream. Description: An Act amending the act of November 26, 1978 (P.L.1375, No.325), known as the Dam Safety and Encroachments Act, providing for county conservation district stream
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions; and providing for small stream maintenance projects permit.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 26, 1978 (P.L.1375, No.325), known as the Dam Safety and Encroachments Act, further providing for definitions; and providing for small stream maintenance projects permit.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for permit issuance and conditions and for enforcement orders.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 26, 1978 (P.L.1375, No.325), known as the Dam Safety and Encroachments Act, further providing for permit issuance and conditions and for enforcement orders.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions; and providing for culvert maintenance requirements.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 26, 1978 (P.L.1375, No.325), known as the Dam Safety and Encroachments Act, further providing for definitions; and providing for culvert maintenance requirements.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions; and providing for permit not required for certain maintenance projects.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 26, 1978 (P.L.1375, No.325), known as the Dam Safety and Encroachments Act, further providing for definitions; and providing for permit not required for certain maintenance projects.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In the Governor as Commander-in-Chief, providing for use of Pennsylvania National Guard for special State duty; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in the Governor as Commander-in-Chief, providing for use of Pennsylvania National Guard for special State duty; and making a related repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for requirements.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 31, 2018 (P.L.123, No.25), known as the Outpatient Psychiatric Oversight Act, further providing for definitions and for requirements.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of May 11, 1889 (P.L.188, No.210), entitled "An act entitled 'An act to establish a board of wardens for the Port of Philadelphia, and for the regulation of pilots and pilotage, and for other purposes,' approved March twenty-ninth, one thousand eight hundred and three, and for regulating the rates of pilotage and number of pilots," further providing for rates of pilotage and computation, for pilotage fees and unit charge and for charges for services.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 11, 1889 (P.L.188, No.210), entitled "An act entitled 'An act to establish a board of wardens for the Port of Philadelphia, and for the regulation of pilots and pilotage, and for other purposes,' approved March twenty-ninth, one thousand eight hundred and three, and for regulating the rates of pilotage and number of pilots," further providing for rates of pilotage and computation, for pilotage fees and unit charge and for charges for services.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for communication duties between the Department of Health and the Department of Human Services with certain agencies and the Department of Aging relating to abuse of adults and older adults.. Description: An Act providing for communication duties between the Department of Health and the Department of Human Services with certain agencies and the Department of Aging relating to abuse of adults and older adults.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for resource families; making editorial changes; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending Title 67 (Public Welfare) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for resource families; making editorial changes; and making related repeals.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, providing for contributions for the prevention of child abuse and neglect.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, providing for contributions for the prevention of child abuse and neglect.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in records, further providing for disclosure to governmental agencies.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 29, 1953 (P.L.304, No.66), known as the Vital Statistics Law of 1953, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in records, further providing for disclosure to governmental agencies.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for divestiture by the State Treasurer, the State Employees' Retirement System, the Public School Employees' Retirement System and the Pennsylvania Municipal Retirement System of investments in assets relating to Russia and Belarus.. Description: An Act providing for divestiture by the State Treasurer, the State Employees' Retirement System, the Public School Employees' Retirement System and the Pennsylvania Municipal Retirement System of investments in assets relating to Russia and Belarus.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for electronic posting of expenses.. Description: An Act amending the act of January 10, 1968 (1967 P.L.925, No.417), referred to as the Legislative Officers and Employes Law, providing for electronic posting of expenses.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of July 7, 1961 (P.L.518, No.268), known as the Delaware River Basin Compact, in organization and area, further providing for voting power.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 7, 1961 (P.L.518, No.268), known as the Delaware River Basin Compact, in organization and area, further providing for voting power.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of July 7, 1961 (P.L.518, No.268), known as the Delaware River Basin Compact, in general provisions, further providing for regulations and enforcement.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 7, 1961 (P.L.518, No.268), known as the Delaware River Basin Compact, in general provisions, further providing for regulations and enforcement.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licenses of milk dealers, further providing for penalties in lieu of suspension.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 28, 1937 (P.L.417, No.105), known as the Milk Marketing Law, in licenses of milk dealers, further providing for penalties in lieu of suspension.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In weighing and testing, further providing for certified testers and for certified weighers and samplers.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 28, 1937 (P.L.417, No.105), known as the Milk Marketing Law, in weighing and testing, further providing for certified testers and for certified weighers and samplers.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Philadelphia LNG Export Task Force; and providing for duties of task force.. Description: An Act establishing the Philadelphia LNG Export Task Force; and providing for duties of task force.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the leasing of subsurface rights on State forest and park property for oil and natural gas development; making an appropriation; and abrogating an executive order and other orders and administrative policies.. Description: An Act providing for the leasing of subsurface rights on State forest and park property for oil and natural gas development; making an appropriation; and abrogating an executive order and other orders and administrative policies.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in crime victims, further providing for rights, for responsibilities of victims of crime under basic bill of rights, for responsibilities of State and local law enforcement agencies, for responsibilities of prosecutor's office, for responsibilities of department, local correctional facilities and board and for responsibilities of juvenile probation office and providing for legal standing; in administration, further providing for office, for powers and duties of victim advocate and for powers and duties of Office of Victims' Services; in compensation, further providing for persons eligible for compensation, providing for counseling services for victims of sexual abuse and further providing for filing of claims for compensation, for minimum allowable claim, for determination of claims, for emergency awards, for awards and for confidentiality of records; in services, further providing for eligibility of victims; in financial matters, further providing for costs and for costs for offender supervision programs; in enforcement, further providing for subrogation and for revictimization relief; transferring money from the Crime Victim's Compensation Fund; providing for applicability; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 24, 1998 (P.L.882, No.111), known as the Crime Victims Act, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in crime victims, further providing for rights, for responsibilities of victims of crime under basic bill of rights, for responsibilities of State and local law enforcement agencies, for responsibilities of prosecutor's office, for responsibilities of department, local correctional facilities and board and for responsibilities of juvenile probation office and providing for legal standing; in administration, further providing for office, for powers and duties of victim advocate and for powers and duties of Office of Victims' Services; in compensation, further providing for persons eligible for compensation, providing for counseling services for victims of sexual abuse and further providing for filing of claims for compensation, for minimum allowable claim, for determination of claims, for emergency awards, for awards and for confidentiality of records; in services, further providing for eligibility of victims; in financial matters, further providing for costs and for costs for offender supervision programs; in enforcement, further providing for subrogation and for revictimization relief; transferring money from the Crime Victim's Compensation Fund; providing for applicability; and making a related repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In ethics standards and financial disclosure, further providing for statement of financial interests required to be filed.. Description: An Act amending Title 65 (Public Officers) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in ethics standards and financial disclosure, further providing for statement of financial interests required to be filed.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In State contract information, further providing for submission and retention of contracts.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 14, 2008 (P.L.6, No.3), known as the Right-to-Know Law, in State contract information, further providing for submission and retention of contracts.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the release of a restriction on the use of property in Philadelphia County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Agriculture and the Governor, to grant and convey to Wyoming County, certain lands and improvements situate in the Township of Tunkhannock, Wyoming County; and authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Corrections and the Governor, to grant and convey to John Bradley Wimer, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County.. Description: An Act authorizing the release of a restriction on the use of property in Philadelphia County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Agriculture and the Governor, to grant and convey to Wyoming County, certain lands and improvements situate in the Township of Tunkhannock, Wyoming County; and authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Corrections and the Governor, to grant and convey to John Bradley Wimer, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for insurance data security; in reserve liabilities, repealing provisions relating to small company exemption and providing for adoption of exemption standards of NAIC Valuation Manual; and establishing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 40 (Insurance) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for insurance data security; in reserve liabilities, repealing provisions relating to small company exemption and providing for adoption of exemption standards of NAIC Valuation Manual; and establishing penalties.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In changes in records, further providing for death of registrant.. Description: An Act amending Title 25 (Elections) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in changes in records, further providing for death of registrant.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In race horse industry reform, further providing for State Horse Racing Commission.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in race horse industry reform, further providing for State Horse Racing Commission.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in access, further providing for open-records officer, for appeals officer, for regulations and policies, for uniform form, for requests and for retention of records and providing for inmate access; in procedure, further providing for written requests, for redaction, for production of certain records and for exceptions for public records; in agency response, further providing for extension of time and providing for relief from vexatious requesters; in appeal of agency determination, further providing for filing of appeal and for appeals officers; in judicial review, further providing for court costs and attorney fees, for civil penalty, for fee limitations and for Office of Open Records; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for relation to other laws.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 14, 2008 (P.L.6, No.3), known as the Right-to-Know Law, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in access, further providing for open-records officer, for appeals officer, for regulations and policies, for uniform form, for requests and for retention of records and providing for inmate access; in procedure, further providing for written requests, for redaction, for production of certain records and for exceptions for public records; in agency response, further providing for extension of time and providing for relief from vexatious requesters; in appeal of agency determination, further providing for filing of appeal and for appeals officers; in judicial review, further providing for court costs and attorney fees, for civil penalty, for fee limitations and for Office of Open Records; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for relation to other laws.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In criminal history record information, providing for crime victim right of access.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in criminal history record information, providing for crime victim right of access.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of December 8, 1982 (P.L.848, No.235), entitled "An act providing for the adoption of capital projects related to the repair, rehabilitation or replacement of highway bridges to be financed from current revenue or by the incurring of debt and capital projects related to highway and safety improvement projects to be financed from current revenue of the Motor License Fund," itemizing additional State and local bridge projects.. Description: A Supplement to the act of December 8, 1982 (P.L.848, No.235), entitled "An act providing for the adoption of capital projects related to the repair, rehabilitation or replacement of highway bridges to be financed from current revenue or by the incurring of debt and capital projects related to highway and safety improvement projects to be financed from current revenue of the Motor License Fund," itemizing additional State and local bridge projects.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for drug overdose medication.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 14, 1972 (P.L.233, No.64), known as The Controlled Substance, Drug, Device and Cosmetic Act, further providing for drug overdose medication.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending Title 58 (Oil and Gas) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated. Description: An Act amending Title 58 (Oil and Gas) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general powers and duties of the Department of Public Welfare, providing for discontinuance of prudent payment.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in general powers and duties of the Department of Public Welfare, providing for discontinuance of prudent payment.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In State lottery, further providing for powers and duties of secretary.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in State lottery, further providing for powers and duties of secretary.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In taxes for highway maintenance and construction, further providing for allocation of proceeds.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in taxes for highway maintenance and construction, further providing for allocation of proceeds.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In comprehensive health care for uninsured children, further providing for contracts and coverage packages.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in comprehensive health care for uninsured children, further providing for contracts and coverage packages.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In veteran recognition, providing for Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day.. Description: An Act amending Title 38 (Holidays and Observances) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in veteran recognition, providing for Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for legal effect of surplus personal property disposed of by municipal officials and employees in support of the Ukrainian Government during 2022.. Description: An Act providing for legal effect of surplus personal property disposed of by municipal officials and employees in support of the Ukrainian Government during 2022.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licensing of health care facilities, further providing for photo identification tag regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, in licensing of health care facilities, further providing for photo identification tag regulations.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for State-related university performance-based funding incentive.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, providing for State-related university performance-based funding incentive.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, providing for vendor-designed registration plates.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, providing for vendor-designed registration plates.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Extensively revising the Uniform Athlete Agents Act; providing for intercollegiate athletics; making related and inconsistent repeals; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 5 (Athletics and Sports) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, extensively revising the Uniform Athlete Agents Act; providing for intercollegiate athletics; making related and inconsistent repeals; and making an editorial change.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41606, carrying State Route 3011, also known as Branch Road, over Spring Creek in College Township, Centre County, as the Private John W. Coble Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8536, carrying Pennsylvania Route 869, also known as Locust Street, over Topper Run, located in Adams Township, Cambria County, as the Corporal William T. Costlow, Sr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11656, carrying State Route 1009, also known as Powell Street, over Emigh Run in Morris Township, Clearfield County, as the PFC Robert Lee Quick Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68567, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 772 over Donegal Creek, East Donegal Township, Lancaster County, as the Kenneth C. Depoe, DFCA, Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46002, on U.S. Route 119 in Punxsutawney Borough, Jefferson County, over the Mahoning Creek as the A1C Robert P. Pape Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 36017, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 56 over the Kiskiminetas River, Vandergrift Borough, Westmoreland County, and Parks Township, Armstrong County, as the Rudy Minarcin Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8463, carrying U.S. Route 219 over State Route 3043, also known as Jackson Street, in Summerhill Borough, Cambria County, as the Staff Sergeant Paul Regis Wilburn Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 12099, carrying Pennsylvania Route 120, also known as Renovo Road, over Young Women's Creek in Chapman Township, Clinton County, as the John F. Curcio Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11447, carrying Pennsylvania Route 255 over Narrows Creek in Sandy Township, Clearfield County, as the Sgt. Dennis Michael Resinger Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47626, carrying Pennsylvania Route 255 over Sandy Lick Creek, Sandy Township, Clearfield County, as the Sergeant Norman Lee Tinker Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 255 near the western intersection of Hemlock Avenue, Segment 0030/Offset 1077, to near the intersection of Gardner Hill Road, Segment 0040/Offset 2935, in Jay Township, Elk County, as the Dr. Betty Hayes Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 54168, carrying U.S. Route 30 over Little Conewago Creek, between N. Grant Road and Stone Lane in Thomasville, Jackson Township, York County, as the Second Lieutenant John H. Sterner Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 15552, on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over Elk Creek, Ridgway Borough, Elk County, as the Elk County Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 611 from the intersection of Upper Barness Road and K Street (Segment 0040/Offset 2133) to the intersection of Oakfield Road (Segment 0030/Offset 1879) in Warrington Township, Bucks County, as the Officer Stephen C. Plum, Jr., Memorial Highway; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 611 from the intersection of Upper Barness Road and K Street (Segment 0040/Offset 2133) to the intersection of Park Road (Segment 0050/Offset 908) in Warrington Township, Bucks County, as the William Bell, Sr., Memorial Highway; designating the interchange of U.S. Route 322 with State Route 2005 on the border of Hummelstown Borough and Derry Township, Dauphin County, as the Officer Michael L. Henry, Jr., Memorial Interchange; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 37108, carrying Pennsylvania Route 29 over the Susquehanna River in Tunkhannock Borough and Eaton Township, Wyoming County, as the Wyoming County Veteran and First Responder Bridge of Valor; designating the portion of State Route 4031, also known as Main Street, between Fifth Avenue and State Route 4048, also known as Seventh Avenue, in Trappe Borough, Montgomery County, as the Trooper Branden T. Sisca Memorial Highway; designating a portion of State Route 2025, also known as Morton Avenue, between Pennsylvania Route 420, also known as Woodland Avenue, in Morton Borough and Linden Avenue in Rutledge Borough, Delaware County, as the Captain Daniel Clement Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 27664, on that portion of State Route 2040 over the Pennypack Creek, Hatboro Borough, Montgomery County, as the SPC John Kulick Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8344, carrying U.S. Route 22 over Pennsylvania Route 160, also known as New Germany Road, in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Charles J. Vizzini Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 1009, also known as Bridge Street, between State Route 1007, also known as Tacony Street, and State Route 2001, also known as Richmond Street, in the City of Philadelphia as the Joseph A. Ferko Memorial Boulevard; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8619, carrying State Route 3006 over Stonycreek River on the border of Stonycreek Township and Upper Yoder Township, Cambria County, as the Sgt. John T. Boxler Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 3001 from the intersection with State Route 3012, also known as Walton Road, on the border of Whitpain Township and Plymouth Township, to the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 363, in Worcester Township, Montgomery County, as the Dr. Jean Griswold Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19129, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over Yellow Creek in Pine Township, Indiana County, as the PVT George Holuta Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 44052, carrying State Route 3035 over Yellow Creek in Homer City Borough, Indiana County, as the Sgt. Walter F. Novak Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8706, on that portion of State Route 4021 over a tributary of the West Branch of the Susquehanna River, Susquehanna Township, Cambria County, as the Petty Officer Iral William Stoltz Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11523, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 729 over Muddy Run, on the border of Beccaria Township and Gulich Township, Clearfield County, as the Technical Sergeant Arthur K. Stiles Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41697, on that portion of State Route 3019 over Clearfield Creek, on the border of Coalport Borough and Beccaria Township, Clearfield County, as the Technical Sergeant Richard L. Beers Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 67464, carrying State Route 4019 over the Norfolk Southern Railway in North Huntingdon Township, Westmoreland County, as the WWII Veteran Warren "Bizz" Watson Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41673, carrying State Route 3102, also known as Oakridge Drive, over U.S. 219 in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the Cambria County Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41606, carrying State Route 3011, also known as Branch Road, over Spring Creek in College Township, Centre County, as the Private John W. Coble Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8536, carrying Pennsylvania Route 869, also known as Locust Street, over Topper Run, located in Adams Township, Cambria County, as the Corporal William T. Costlow, Sr., Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11656, carrying State Route 1009, also known as Powell Street, over Emigh Run in Morris Township, Clearfield County, as the PFC Robert Lee Quick Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68567, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 772 over Donegal Creek, East Donegal Township, Lancaster County, as the Kenneth C. Depoe, DFCA, Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 46002, on U.S. Route 119 in Punxsutawney Borough, Jefferson County, over the Mahoning Creek as the A1C Robert P. Pape Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 36017, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 56 over the Kiskiminetas River, Vandergrift Borough, Westmoreland County, and Parks Township, Armstrong County, as the Rudy Minarcin Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8463, carrying U.S. Route 219 over State Route 3043, also known as Jackson Street, in Summerhill Borough, Cambria County, as the Staff Sergeant Paul Regis Wilburn Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 12099, carrying Pennsylvania Route 120, also known as Renovo Road, over Young Women's Creek in Chapman Township, Clinton County, as the John F. Curcio Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11447, carrying Pennsylvania Route 255 over Narrows Creek in Sandy Township, Clearfield County, as the Sgt. Dennis Michael Resinger Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 47626, carrying Pennsylvania Route 255 over Sandy Lick Creek, Sandy Township, Clearfield County, as the Sergeant Norman Lee Tinker Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 255 near the western intersection of Hemlock Avenue, Segment 0030/Offset 1077, to near the intersection of Gardner Hill Road, Segment 0040/Offset 2935, in Jay Township, Elk County, as the Dr. Betty Hayes Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 54168, carrying U.S. Route 30 over Little Conewago Creek, between N. Grant Road and Stone Lane in Thomasville, Jackson Township, York County, as the Second Lieutenant John H. Sterner Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 15552, on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over Elk Creek, Ridgway Borough, Elk County, as the Elk County Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 611 from the intersection of Upper Barness Road and K Street (Segment 0040/Offset 2133) to the intersection of Oakfield Road (Segment 0030/Offset 1879) in Warrington Township, Bucks County, as the Officer Stephen C. Plum, Jr., Memorial Highway; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 611 from the intersection of Upper Barness Road and K Street (Segment 0040/Offset 2133) to the intersection of Park Road (Segment 0050/Offset 908) in Warrington Township, Bucks County, as the William Bell, Sr., Memorial Highway; designating the interchange of U.S. Route 322 with State Route 2005 on the border of Hummelstown Borough and Derry Township, Dauphin County, as the Officer Michael L. Henry, Jr., Memorial Interchange; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 37108, carrying Pennsylvania Route 29 over the Susquehanna River in Tunkhannock Borough and Eaton Township, Wyoming County, as the Wyoming County Veteran and First Responder Bridge of Valor; designating the portion of State Route 4031, also known as Main Street, between Fifth Avenue and State Route 4048, also known as Seventh Avenue, in Trappe Borough, Montgomery County, as the Trooper Branden T. Sisca Memorial Highway; designating a portion of State Route 2025, also known as Morton Avenue, between Pennsylvania Route 420, also known as Woodland Avenue, in Morton Borough and Linden Avenue in Rutledge Borough, Delaware County, as the Captain Daniel Clement Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 27664, on that portion of State Route 2040 over the Pennypack Creek, Hatboro Borough, Montgomery County, as the SPC John Kulick Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8344, carrying U.S. Route 22 over Pennsylvania Route 160, also known as New Germany Road, in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the Charles J. Vizzini Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 1009, also known as Bridge Street, between State Route 1007, also known as Tacony Street, and State Route 2001, also known as Richmond Street, in the City of Philadelphia as the Joseph A. Ferko Memorial Boulevard; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8619, carrying State Route 3006 over Stonycreek River on the border of Stonycreek Township and Upper Yoder Township, Cambria County, as the Sgt. John T. Boxler Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 3001 from the intersection with State Route 3012, also known as Walton Road, on the border of Whitpain Township and Plymouth Township, to the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 363, in Worcester Township, Montgomery County, as the Dr. Jean Griswold Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19129, carrying Pennsylvania Route 403 over Yellow Creek in Pine Township, Indiana County, as the PVT George Holuta Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 44052, carrying State Route 3035 over Yellow Creek in Homer City Borough, Indiana County, as the Sgt. Walter F. Novak Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8706, on that portion of State Route 4021 over a tributary of the West Branch of the Susquehanna River, Susquehanna Township, Cambria County, as the Petty Officer Iral William Stoltz Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11523, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 729 over Muddy Run, on the border of Beccaria Township and Gulich Township, Clearfield County, as the Technical Sergeant Arthur K. Stiles Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41697, on that portion of State Route 3019 over Clearfield Creek, on the border of Coalport Borough and Beccaria Township, Clearfield County, as the Technical Sergeant Richard L. Beers Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 67464, carrying State Route 4019 over the Norfolk Southern Railway in North Huntingdon Township, Westmoreland County, as the WWII Veteran Warren "Bizz" Watson Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41673, carrying State Route 3102, also known as Oakridge Drive, over U.S. 219 in Richland Township, Cambria County, as the Cambria County Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge; and making a related repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers of department and local authorities, providing for period for application review.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers of department and local authorities, providing for period for application review.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for oil and gas well plugging oversight; in development, further providing for bonding and for well plugging funds; establishing the Oil and Gas Well Plugging Grant Program; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 58 (Oil and Gas) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for oil and gas well plugging oversight; in development, further providing for bonding and for well plugging funds; establishing the Oil and Gas Well Plugging Grant Program; and making a related repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In certification of teachers, providing for out-of-State applicants for career and technical education certification.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in certification of teachers, providing for out-of-State applicants for career and technical education certification.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Office of State Inspector General, further providing for powers, purpose and duties; repealing provisions relating to coordination of Commonwealth community service programs; providing for PennSERVE and for public works employment verification; establishing the Public Works Employment Verification Account; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Office of State Inspector General, further providing for powers, purpose and duties; repealing provisions relating to coordination of Commonwealth community service programs; providing for PennSERVE and for public works employment verification; establishing the Public Works Employment Verification Account; and making a related repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for composition of commission, membership, compensation, vacancies and removal and for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1982 (P.L.633, No.181), known as the Regulatory Review Act, further providing for composition of commission, membership, compensation, vacancies and removal and for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 7 (Banks and Banking) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for authority to administer injectable medications, biologicals and immunizations; and abrogating inconsistent regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of September 27, 1961 (P.L.1700, No.699), known as the Pharmacy Act, further providing for authority to administer injectable medications, biologicals and immunizations; and abrogating inconsistent regulations.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In veteran-owned small businesses, providing for small diverse business.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in veteran-owned small businesses, providing for small diverse business.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the highway capital budget project itemization for the fiscal year 2022-2023 to be financed from current revenue or by the incurring of debt.. Description: An Act providing for the highway capital budget project itemization for the fiscal year 2022-2023 to be financed from current revenue or by the incurring of debt.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In particular rights and immunities, further providing for definitions, for lessee's right to acquire ownership and for advertising and display of property.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in particular rights and immunities, further providing for definitions, for lessee's right to acquire ownership and for advertising and display of property.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Industrial Development Program, further providing for job creation and providing for terms and repayment of loans.. Description: An Act amending Title 12 (Commerce and Trade) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Industrial Development Program, further providing for job creation and providing for terms and repayment of loans.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for prosthetists, orthotists, pedorthists and orthotic fitters.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 1985 (P.L.457, No.112), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1985, further providing for prosthetists, orthotists, pedorthists and orthotic fitters.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general powers and duties of the Department of Public Welfare, providing for COVID-19 mental health public awareness campaign.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in general powers and duties of the Department of Public Welfare, providing for COVID-19 mental health public awareness campaign.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing separate and distinct amendments to the Constitution of Pennsylvania, in declaration of rights, providing for prohibition against denial or abridgment of equality of rights because of race and ethnicity; in legislation, further providing for action on concurrent orders and resolutions; and, in the executive, providing for disaster emergency declaration and management.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing separate and distinct amendments to the Constitution of Pennsylvania, in declaration of rights, providing for prohibition against denial or abridgment of equality of rights because of race and ethnicity; in legislation, further providing for action on concurrent orders and resolutions; and, in the executive, providing for disaster emergency declaration and management.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the administration of permits by State agencies, for a tracking system for permit applications, for the establishment of permit programs, for third-party review of permit decision delays and for annual reports.. Description: An Act providing for the administration of permits by State agencies, for a tracking system for permit applications, for the establishment of permit programs, for third-party review of permit decision delays and for annual reports.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licenses, tags and kennels, further providing for transfer of dog licenses or tags and other licensing requirements and for service dogs and dogs used by municipal or State Police departments.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 7, 1982 (P.L.784, No.225), known as the Dog Law, in licenses, tags and kennels, further providing for transfer of dog licenses or tags and other licensing requirements and for service dogs and dogs used by municipal or State Police departments.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8659, carrying State Route 3037, also known as William Penn Avenue, over the Norfolk Southern and Lehigh Valley Rail Management rail lines in the City of Johnstown, Cambria County, as the Reverend Andrew William Tilly, Jr., Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8659, carrying State Route 3037, also known as William Penn Avenue, over the Norfolk Southern and Lehigh Valley Rail Management rail lines in the City of Johnstown, Cambria County, as the Reverend Andrew William Tilly, Jr., Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "School Library Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "School Library Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8365, carrying Pennsylvania Route 53 over Little Conemaugh River in Croyle Township, Cambria County, as the Private Fredrick Kinley Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8365, carrying Pennsylvania Route 53 over Little Conemaugh River in Croyle Township, Cambria County, as the Private Fredrick Kinley Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for purchase of agricultural conservation easements, for Agricultural Conservation Easement Purchase Fund and for Land Trust Reimbursement Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 30, 1981 (P.L.128, No.43), known as the Agricultural Area Security Law, further providing for purchase of agricultural conservation easements, for Agricultural Conservation Easement Purchase Fund and for Land Trust Reimbursement Program.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing Recovery-to-work as a pilot program within the Department of Labor and Industry; and providing for local recovery-to-work pilot programs, for incentives to encourage business participation and for powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry.. Description: An Act establishing Recovery-to-work as a pilot program within the Department of Labor and Industry; and providing for local recovery-to-work pilot programs, for incentives to encourage business participation and for powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8556, carrying SR 1008 (Eckenrode Mill Road) over Chest Creek, located in East Carroll Township, Cambria County, as the Kenneth John Ivory Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8556, carrying SR 1008 (Eckenrode Mill Road) over Chest Creek, located in East Carroll Township, Cambria County, as the Kenneth John Ivory Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for pediatric cancer research tax credit.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, providing for pediatric cancer research tax credit.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In child custody, further providing for definitions, for award of custody, for factors to consider when awarding custody, for consideration of criminal conviction, for guardian ad litem for child, for counsel for child and for award of counsel fees, costs and expenses; and, in Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts, providing for child abuse and domestic abuse education and training program for judges and court personnel.. Description: An Act amending Titles 23 (Domestic Relations) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child custody, further providing for definitions, for award of custody, for factors to consider when awarding custody, for consideration of criminal conviction, for guardian ad litem for child, for counsel for child and for award of counsel fees, costs and expenses; and, in Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts, providing for child abuse and domestic abuse education and training program for judges and court personnel.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In depositions and witnesses, further providing for expert testimony in certain criminal proceedings.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in depositions and witnesses, further providing for expert testimony in certain criminal proceedings.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for repair obligations, for manufacturer's duty for refund or replacement and for presumption of a reasonable number of attempts.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 28, 1984 (P.L.150, No.28), known as the Automobile Lemon Law, further providing for definitions, for repair obligations, for manufacturer's duty for refund or replacement and for presumption of a reasonable number of attempts.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, further providing for firefighter and emergency service training and establishing the Fire Training Fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, further providing for firefighter and emergency service training and establishing the Fire Training Fund.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In district attorney, assistants and detectives, further providing for filling of vacancies.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code, in district attorney, assistants and detectives, further providing for filling of vacancies.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In district attorney, assistants and detectives, further providing for filling of vacancies.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 28, 1953 (P.L.723, No.230), known as the Second Class County Code, in district attorney, assistants and detectives, further providing for filling of vacancies.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to home rule and optional plan government, further providing for limitation on municipal powers.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions relating to home rule and optional plan government, further providing for limitation on municipal powers.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In minors, further providing for the offense of sexual abuse of children; in child protective services, providing for task force on child pornography; and, in sentencing, further providing for sentencing for offenses involving sexual abuse of children.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses), 23 (Domestic Relations) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in minors, further providing for the offense of sexual abuse of children; in child protective services, providing for task force on child pornography; and, in sentencing, further providing for sentencing for offenses involving sexual abuse of children.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Multimodal Fund, repealing provisions relating to Balanced Multimodal Transportation Policy Commission.. Description: An Act amending Title 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Multimodal Fund, repealing provisions relating to Balanced Multimodal Transportation Policy Commission.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, further providing for contributions to Veterans' Trust Fund.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, further providing for contributions to Veterans' Trust Fund.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing separate and distinct amendments to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, providing that there is no constitutional right to taxpayer-funded abortion or other right relating to abortion; further providing for action on concurrent orders and resolutions, for Lieutenant Governor and for qualifications of electors; and providing for election audits.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing separate and distinct amendments to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, providing that there is no constitutional right to taxpayer-funded abortion or other right relating to abortion; further providing for action on concurrent orders and resolutions, for Lieutenant Governor and for qualifications of electors; and providing for election audits.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for medical assistance payments for institutional care.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for medical assistance payments for institutional care.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In emergency finance and tax provisions, further providing for declaration of policy and providing for nontaxability of certain income; in emergency COVID-19 response, establishing the Hospitality Industry Recovery Program, providing for emergency education relief to nonpublic schools and for emergency education relief to educational entities and repealing provisions relating to Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency; establishing the Rental and Utility Assistance Grant Program; in additional special funds and restricted accounts, providing for Workers' Compensation Security Fund transfer to COVID-19 Response Restricted Account; in 2020-2021 Restrictions on Appropriations for Funds and Accounts, further providing for fund transfers; and making appropriations.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in emergency finance and tax provisions, further providing for declaration of policy and providing for nontaxability of certain income; in emergency COVID-19 response, establishing the Hospitality Industry Recovery Program, providing for emergency education relief to nonpublic schools and for emergency education relief to educational entities and repealing provisions relating to Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency; establishing the Rental and Utility Assistance Grant Program; in additional special funds and restricted accounts, providing for Workers' Compensation Security Fund transfer to COVID-19 Response Restricted Account; in 2020-2021 Restrictions on Appropriations for Funds and Accounts, further providing for fund transfers; and making appropriations.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In miscellaneous provisions, repealing provisions relating to snow and ice dislodged or falling from moving vehicle and providing for snow and ice.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in miscellaneous provisions, repealing provisions relating to snow and ice dislodged or falling from moving vehicle and providing for snow and ice.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania a party to the Nurse Licensure Compact; and providing for the form of the compact.. Description: An Act making the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania a party to the Nurse Licensure Compact; and providing for the form of the compact.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in powers and duties of Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, further providing for specific powers and duties, for personal property and for documents and providing for Commonwealth archival records, for local government archival records and for access to older public records; and, in historic properties, further providing for title to historic property and for powers over certain historic property.. Description: An Act amending Title 37 (Historical and Museums) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in powers and duties of Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, further providing for specific powers and duties, for personal property and for documents and providing for Commonwealth archival records, for local government archival records and for access to older public records; and, in historic properties, further providing for title to historic property and for powers over certain historic property.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for sexual offenses and tier system.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for sexual offenses and tier system.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of Environmental Protection to conduct a public comment process on and submit to the General Assembly a measure or action intended to abate, control or limit carbon dioxide emissions by imposing a revenue-generating tax or fee on carbon dioxide emissions.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of Environmental Protection to conduct a public comment process on and submit to the General Assembly a measure or action intended to abate, control or limit carbon dioxide emissions by imposing a revenue-generating tax or fee on carbon dioxide emissions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In size, weight and load, further providing for conditions of permits and security for damages.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in size, weight and load, further providing for conditions of permits and security for damages.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for existing regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1982 (P.L.633, No.181), known as the Regulatory Review Act, further providing for definitions and for existing regulations.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing standards for carbon monoxide alarms in child care facilities; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act providing standards for carbon monoxide alarms in child care facilities; and imposing penalties.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for moment of silence on September 11 anniversary.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for moment of silence on September 11 anniversary.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons, for late contributions and independent expenditures, for oath of compliance, perjury, disqualification from office and commercial use, for residual funds and for place of filing, providing for manner of filing and for inability to file reports or statements electronically by deadline and further providing for late filing fee and certificate of filing, for additional powers and duties of the Secretary of the Commonwealth and for reports by business entities and publication by Secretary of the Commonwealth.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons, for late contributions and independent expenditures, for oath of compliance, perjury, disqualification from office and commercial use, for residual funds and for place of filing, providing for manner of filing and for inability to file reports or statements electronically by deadline and further providing for late filing fee and certificate of filing, for additional powers and duties of the Secretary of the Commonwealth and for reports by business entities and publication by Secretary of the Commonwealth.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In health and safety, further providing for certification of safety committee.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 2, 1915 (P.L.736, No.338), known as the Workers' Compensation Act, in health and safety, further providing for certification of safety committee.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In size, weight and load, further providing for maximum gross weight of vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in size, weight and load, further providing for maximum gross weight of vehicles.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Military Community Enhancement Commission, further providing for establishment and membership.. Description: An Act amending Title 12 (Commerce and Trade) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Military Community Enhancement Commission, further providing for establishment and membership.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In medical assistance for workers with disabilities, further providing for definitions and for medical assistance benefits for workers with disabilities and workers with medically improved disabilities.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 26, 2001 (P.L.755, No.77), known as the Tobacco Settlement Act, in medical assistance for workers with disabilities, further providing for definitions and for medical assistance benefits for workers with disabilities and workers with medically improved disabilities.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the establishment of first-time home buyer savings accounts for first-time home buyers in this Commonwealth.. Description: An Act providing for the establishment of first-time home buyer savings accounts for first-time home buyers in this Commonwealth.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In employees, providing for medals honoring law enforcement officers, for medals honoring fire personnel and for medals honoring emergency medical services personnel.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in employees, providing for medals honoring law enforcement officers, for medals honoring fire personnel and for medals honoring emergency medical services personnel.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for essential family caregivers in facilities during disaster emergencies.. Description: An Act providing for essential family caregivers in facilities during disaster emergencies.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions and for application.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 10, 1999 (P.L.491, No.45), known as the Pennsylvania Construction Code Act, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions and for application.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In subdivision and land development, further providing for completion of improvements or guarantee thereof prerequisite to final plat approval.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 31, 1968 (P.L.805, No.247), known as the Pennsylvania Municipalities Planning Code, in subdivision and land development, further providing for completion of improvements or guarantee thereof prerequisite to final plat approval.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In certification of teachers, repealing provisions relating to certificates issued by other states and providing for out-of-state applicants for certification.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in certification of teachers, repealing provisions relating to certificates issued by other states and providing for out-of-state applicants for certification.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In quality health care accountability and protection, further providing for definitions, for responsibilities of managed care plans, for financial incentives prohibition, for medical gag clause prohibition, for emergency services, for continuity of care, for procedures, for confidentiality, for required disclosure and for internal complaint process, providing for internal complaint process for enrollees, further providing for appeal of complaint, for complaint resolution, for certification and for operational standards, providing for utilization review standards, further providing for internal grievance process, for external grievance process and for records, providing for adverse benefit determinations, further providing for prompt payment of claims, for health care provider and managed care plan protection, for departmental powers and duties and for penalties and sanctions, providing for regulations and further providing for compliance with national accrediting standards and for exceptions; making repeals; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in quality health care accountability and protection, further providing for definitions, for responsibilities of managed care plans, for financial incentives prohibition, for medical gag clause prohibition, for emergency services, for continuity of care, for procedures, for confidentiality, for required disclosure and for internal complaint process, providing for internal complaint process for enrollees, further providing for appeal of complaint, for complaint resolution, for certification and for operational standards, providing for utilization review standards, further providing for internal grievance process, for external grievance process and for records, providing for adverse benefit determinations, further providing for prompt payment of claims, for health care provider and managed care plan protection, for departmental powers and duties and for penalties and sanctions, providing for regulations and further providing for compliance with national accrediting standards and for exceptions; making repeals; and making editorial changes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In senior citizens property tax and rent rebate assistance, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 27, 2006 (1st Sp.Sess., P.L.1873, No.1), known as the Taxpayer Relief Act, in senior citizens property tax and rent rebate assistance, further providing for definitions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for unlawful acts and penalties and for unwanted telephone solicitation calls prohibited.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 4, 1996 (P.L.911, No.147), known as the Telemarketer Registration Act, further providing for definitions, for unlawful acts and penalties and for unwanted telephone solicitation calls prohibited.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fishing licenses, further providing for exemptions from license requirements.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fishing licenses, further providing for exemptions from license requirements.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In games of chance, providing for games of chance operations during disaster emergency.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 19, 1988 (P.L.1262, No.156), known as the Local Option Small Games of Chance Act, in games of chance, providing for games of chance operations during disaster emergency.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In professional employees, repealing provisions relating to religious garb, insignia, etc., prohibited and penalty.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in professional employees, repealing provisions relating to religious garb, insignia, etc., prohibited and penalty.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for holidays and observances.. Description: An Act amending Title 38 (Holidays and Observances) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for holidays and observances.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Repealing provisions relating to fertilizer; providing for fertilizer; in soil and plant amendment, further providing for disposition of funds; in seed, further providing for disposition of funds; establishing the Agronomic Regulatory Account within the General Fund; imposing duties on the Department of Agriculture; and making conforming amendments.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, repealing provisions relating to fertilizer; providing for fertilizer; in soil and plant amendment, further providing for disposition of funds; in seed, further providing for disposition of funds; establishing the Agronomic Regulatory Account within the General Fund; imposing duties on the Department of Agriculture; and making conforming amendments.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: To provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.. Description: An Act to provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of April 1, 1863 (P.L.213, No.227), entitled "An act to accept the grant of Public Lands, by the United States, to the several states, for the endowment of Agricultural Colleges," making appropriations for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of such appropriations, for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure; and making an appropriation from a restricted account within the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund.. Description: A Supplement to the act of April 1, 1863 (P.L.213, No.227), entitled "An act to accept the grant of Public Lands, by the United States, to the several states, for the endowment of Agricultural Colleges," making appropriations for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of such appropriations, for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure; and making an appropriation from a restricted account within the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of July 28, 1966 (3rd Sp.Sess., P.L.87, No.3), entitled "An act providing for the establishment and operation of the University of Pittsburgh as an instrumentality of the Commonwealth to serve as a State-related university in the higher education system of the Commonwealth; providing for change of name; providing for the composition of the board of trustees; terms of trustees, and the power and duties of such trustees; authorizing appropriations in amounts to be fixed annually by the General Assembly; providing for the auditing of accounts of expenditures from said appropriations; providing for public support and capital improvements; authorizing the issuance of bonds exempt from taxation within the Commonwealth; requiring the chancellor to make an annual report of the operations of the University of Pittsburgh," making appropriations for carrying the same into effect; and providing for a basis for payments of such appropriations, for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure.. Description: A Supplement to the act of July 28, 1966 (3rd Sp.Sess., P.L.87, No.3), entitled "An act providing for the establishment and operation of the University of Pittsburgh as an instrumentality of the Commonwealth to serve as a State-related university in the higher education system of the Commonwealth; providing for change of name; providing for the composition of the board of trustees; terms of trustees, and the power and duties of such trustees; authorizing appropriations in amounts to be fixed annually by the General Assembly; providing for the auditing of accounts of expenditures from said appropriations; providing for public support and capital improvements; authorizing the issuance of bonds exempt from taxation within the Commonwealth; requiring the chancellor to make an annual report of the operations of the University of Pittsburgh," making appropriations for carrying the same into effect; and providing for a basis for payments of such appropriations, for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of November 30, 1965 (P.L.843, No.355), entitled "An act providing for the establishment and operation of Temple University as an instrumentality of the Commonwealth to serve as a State-related university in the higher education system of the Commonwealth; providing for change of name; providing for the composition of the board of trustees; terms of trustees, and the power and duties of such trustees; providing for preference to Pennsylvania residents in tuition; providing for public support and capital improvements; authorizing appropriations in amounts to be fixed annually by the General Assembly; providing for the auditing of accounts of expenditures from said appropriations; authorizing the issuance of bonds exempt from taxation within the Commonwealth; requiring the President to make an annual report of the operations of Temple University," making an appropriation for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of such appropriation; and providing a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure.. Description: A Supplement to the act of November 30, 1965 (P.L.843, No.355), entitled "An act providing for the establishment and operation of Temple University as an instrumentality of the Commonwealth to serve as a State-related university in the higher education system of the Commonwealth; providing for change of name; providing for the composition of the board of trustees; terms of trustees, and the power and duties of such trustees; providing for preference to Pennsylvania residents in tuition; providing for public support and capital improvements; authorizing appropriations in amounts to be fixed annually by the General Assembly; providing for the auditing of accounts of expenditures from said appropriations; authorizing the issuance of bonds exempt from taxation within the Commonwealth; requiring the President to make an annual report of the operations of Temple University," making an appropriation for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of such appropriation; and providing a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of July 7, 1972 (P.L.743, No.176), entitled "An act providing for the establishment and operation of Lincoln University as an instrumentality of the Commonwealth to serve as a State-related institution in the higher education system of the Commonwealth; providing for change of name; providing for the composition of the board of trustees; terms of trustees, and the power and duties of such trustees; providing for preference to Pennsylvania residents in tuition; authorizing appropriations in amounts to be fixed annually by the General Assembly; providing for the auditing of accounts of expenditures from said appropriations; providing for public support and capital improvements; authorizing the issuance of bonds exempt from taxation within the Commonwealth; requiring the President to make an annual report of the operations of Lincoln University," making an appropriation for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of the appropriation; providing for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated; and providing for certain fiscal information disclosure.. Description: A Supplement to the act of July 7, 1972 (P.L.743, No.176), entitled "An act providing for the establishment and operation of Lincoln University as an instrumentality of the Commonwealth to serve as a State-related institution in the higher education system of the Commonwealth; providing for change of name; providing for the composition of the board of trustees; terms of trustees, and the power and duties of such trustees; providing for preference to Pennsylvania residents in tuition; authorizing appropriations in amounts to be fixed annually by the General Assembly; providing for the auditing of accounts of expenditures from said appropriations; providing for public support and capital improvements; authorizing the issuance of bonds exempt from taxation within the Commonwealth; requiring the President to make an annual report of the operations of Lincoln University," making an appropriation for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of the appropriation; providing for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated; and providing for certain fiscal information disclosure.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations to the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania.. Description: An Act making appropriations to the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fishing licenses, further providing for disabled veterans and former prisoners of war.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fishing licenses, further providing for disabled veterans and former prisoners of war.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Coraopolis Borough, Allegheny County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Coraopolis Borough, Allegheny County.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8661, carrying State Route 3039 over Hinckston Run in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Sgt. Harry Lewis Amigh Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8661, carrying State Route 3039 over Hinckston Run in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Sgt. Harry Lewis Amigh Memorial Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In environmental protection, providing for decommissioning of solar energy facilities.. Description: An Act amending Title 27 (Environmental Resources) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in environmental protection, providing for decommissioning of solar energy facilities.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the capital budget for the fiscal year 2021-2022.. Description: An Act providing for the capital budget for the fiscal year 2021-2022.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, providing for firefighting foam management.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, providing for firefighting foam management.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In offenses against the family, further providing for newborn protection; in child protective services, further providing for definitions and for taking child into protective custody; and, in newborn protection, further providing for definitions and for incubators for newborns, providing for health care providers at urgent care centers accepting newborns and further providing for reporting acceptance of newborns, for immunity and for duties of department.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in offenses against the family, further providing for newborn protection; in child protective services, further providing for definitions and for taking child into protective custody; and, in newborn protection, further providing for definitions and for incubators for newborns, providing for health care providers at urgent care centers accepting newborns and further providing for reporting acceptance of newborns, for immunity and for duties of department.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for expedited partner therapy and for liability.. Description: An Act providing for expedited partner therapy and for liability.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In hunting and furtaking, further providing for hunting on Sunday prohibited.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in hunting and furtaking, further providing for hunting on Sunday prohibited.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In liability and compensation, further providing for compensable injuries, subrogation and proration.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 2, 1915 (P.L.736, No.338), known as the Workers' Compensation Act, in liability and compensation, further providing for compensable injuries, subrogation and proration.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for determination of eligibility.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for determination of eligibility.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In pupils and attendance, providing for assisting students experiencing education instability.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in pupils and attendance, providing for assisting students experiencing education instability.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In coroner, further providing for coroner's investigation.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code, in coroner, further providing for coroner's investigation.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In enforcement, further providing for jurisdiction and penalties; and, in game or wildlife protection, further providing for the offense of unlawful taking and possession of protected birds and for endangered or threatened species.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in enforcement, further providing for jurisdiction and penalties; and, in game or wildlife protection, further providing for the offense of unlawful taking and possession of protected birds and for endangered or threatened species.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In alternative form of regulation of telecommunications services, further providing for additional powers and duties of commission.. Description: An Act amending Title 66 (Public Utilities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in alternative form of regulation of telecommunications services, further providing for additional powers and duties of commission.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income; and, in corporate net income tax, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income; and, in corporate net income tax, further providing for definitions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for community-engaged schools.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, providing for community-engaged schools.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for confidentiality and protection of collected data, proceedings and activities.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 9, 2018 (P.L.118, No.24), known as the Maternal Mortality Review Act, further providing for confidentiality and protection of collected data, proceedings and activities.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for Special Education Funding Commission; in grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; in certification of teachers, further providing for substitute teaching permit for prospective teachers; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments and for Community College Capital Fund; in educational tax credits, further providing for limitations; in miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, further providing for Public Higher Education Funding Commission; providing for intercollegiate athletics; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2021-2022; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for student-weighted basic education funding, for payments to intermediate units and for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status; in construction and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for applicability; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, further providing for Special Education Funding Commission; in grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; in certification of teachers, further providing for substitute teaching permit for prospective teachers; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments and for Community College Capital Fund; in educational tax credits, further providing for limitations; in miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, further providing for Public Higher Education Funding Commission; providing for intercollegiate athletics; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2021-2022; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for student-weighted basic education funding, for payments to intermediate units and for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status; in construction and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for applicability; and making an editorial change.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In public-private transportation partnerships, further providing for definitions, for duties of board, for operation of board, for selection of development entities, for public-private transportation partnerships agreement and for taxation of development entity and providing for prohibition on mandatory user fees; and rescinding, in part, a resolution of the Public-Private Transportation Partnership Board.. Description: An Act amending Title 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in public-private transportation partnerships, further providing for definitions, for duties of board, for operation of board, for selection of development entities, for public-private transportation partnerships agreement and for taxation of development entity and providing for prohibition on mandatory user fees; and rescinding, in part, a resolution of the Public-Private Transportation Partnership Board.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 35000, on that portion of State Route 2040 in Bentleyville Borough, Washington County, as the Mrs. Madeline Finney Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 35000, on that portion of State Route 2040 in Bentleyville Borough, Washington County, as the Mrs. Madeline Finney Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In medical professional liability, further providing for informed consent.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 20, 2002 (P.L.154, No.13), known as the Medical Care Availability and Reduction of Error (Mcare) Act, in medical professional liability, further providing for informed consent.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for State Board of Osteopathic Medicine, for practice of osteopathic medicine and surgery without license prohibited and for licenses, exemptions, nonresident practitioners, graduate students, biennial registration and continuing medical education; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 5, 1978 (P.L.1109, No.261), known as the Osteopathic Medical Practice Act, further providing for definitions, for State Board of Osteopathic Medicine, for practice of osteopathic medicine and surgery without license prohibited and for licenses, exemptions, nonresident practitioners, graduate students, biennial registration and continuing medical education; and abrogating regulations.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for State Board of Medicine and for physician assistants; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 1985 (P.L.457, No.112), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1985, further providing for definitions, for State Board of Medicine and for physician assistants; and abrogating regulations.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In registration and titling of boats, further providing for period of registration.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration and titling of boats, further providing for period of registration.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for county demolition funds.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 8, 1982 (P.L.310, No.87), referred to as the Recorder of Deeds Fee Law, further providing for county demolition funds.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In judicial boards and commissions, further providing for definitions and for publication of guidelines for sentencing, resentencing and parole, risk assessment instrument and recommitment ranges following revocation; in depositions and witnesses, further providing for confidential communications involving law enforcement officers and for confidential communications to peer support members; in juvenile matters, further providing for inspection of court files and records; in particular rights and immunities, further providing for immunity of State parole officers and for immunity of program administrators and supervisors; in post-trial matters, further providing for postconviction DNA testing; in sentencing, further providing for mandatory period of probation for certain sexual offenders, for disposition of persons found guilty but mentally ill, for information required upon commitment and subsequent disposition, for judicial power to release inmates, for transfer of inmates in need of medical treatment, for applicability, for registry, for initial registration, for duty to inform, for enforcement, for assessments, for verification by sexual offenders and Pennsylvania State Police, for administration, for global positioning system technology, for immunity for good faith conduct, for Pennsylvania State Police, for duties of probation and parole officials, for board, for annual performance audit, for applicability, for registration, for registration procedures and applicability, for assessments, for administration, for global positioning system technology, for immunity for good faith conduct, for duties of Pennsylvania State Police, for duties of Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, for board and for annual performance audit; in other criminal provisions, further providing for supervisory relationship to offenders; in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in general administration, providing for powers of peace officers; in community corrections centers and community corrections facilities, further providing for definitions, for department, for offenders who may be housed, for authority of Commonwealth employees, for authority of chairman and for escape and providing for certain offenders residing in group-based homes and for reporting; in Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for definitions, for operation of parole system generally, for Pennsylvania Parole Board, for board chairperson, for board action, for meetings and for offices, repealing provisions relating to district directors, to district office employees, to disciplinary action and to certain offenders residing in group-based homes, further providing for general powers of board and for specific powers of board involving parolees, repealing provisions relating to probation services, further providing for sentencing court to transmit records to board, for general criteria for parole by court, for right of access to inmates, for parole power, for violation of terms of parole, for parole procedure, for victim statements, testimony and participation in hearing, for general rules and special regulations and for early parole of inmates subject to Federal removal order and repealing provisions relating to definitions, to status as peace officers and to supervisory relationship to offenders; providing for supervision of offenders and for agents; in county probation officers' firearm education and training, further providing for definitions; in Interstate Compacts, further providing for Interstate Compact for the Supervision of Adult Offenders application fee, for deputization and for supervision of persons paroled by other states; providing for Board of Pardons; in preliminary provisions relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for definitions; conferring powers and imposing duties on the Department of Corrections; providing for the transfer of functions, powers and duties of the Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole and for appropriations for the Office of Victim Advocate; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure), 61 (Prisons and Parole) and 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in judicial boards and commissions, further providing for definitions and for publication of guidelines for sentencing, resentencing and parole, risk assessment instrument and recommitment ranges following revocation; in depositions and witnesses, further providing for confidential communications involving law enforcement officers and for confidential communications to peer support members; in juvenile matters, further providing for inspection of court files and records; in particular rights and immunities, further providing for immunity of State parole officers and for immunity of program administrators and supervisors; in post-trial matters, further providing for postconviction DNA testing; in sentencing, further providing for mandatory period of probation for certain sexual offenders, for disposition of persons found guilty but mentally ill, for information required upon commitment and subsequent disposition, for judicial power to release inmates, for transfer of inmates in need of medical treatment, for applicability, for registry, for initial registration, for duty to inform, for enforcement, for assessments, for verification by sexual offenders and Pennsylvania State Police, for administration, for global positioning system technology, for immunity for good faith conduct, for Pennsylvania State Police, for duties of probation and parole officials, for board, for annual performance audit, for applicability, for registration, for registration procedures and applicability, for assessments, for administration, for global positioning system technology, for immunity for good faith conduct, for duties of Pennsylvania State Police, for duties of Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, for board and for annual performance audit; in other criminal provisions, further providing for supervisory relationship to offenders; in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in general administration, providing for powers of peace officers; in community corrections centers and community corrections facilities, further providing for definitions, for department, for offenders who may be housed, for authority of Commonwealth employees, for authority of chairman and for escape and providing for certain offenders residing in group-based homes and for reporting; in Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for definitions, for operation of parole system generally, for Pennsylvania Parole Board, for board chairperson, for board action, for meetings and for offices, repealing provisions relating to district directors, to district office employees, to disciplinary action and to certain offenders residing in group-based homes, further providing for general powers of board and for specific powers of board involving parolees, repealing provisions relating to probation services, further providing for sentencing court to transmit records to board, for general criteria for parole by court, for right of access to inmates, for parole power, for violation of terms of parole, for parole procedure, for victim statements, testimony and participation in hearing, for general rules and special regulations and for early parole of inmates subject to Federal removal order and repealing provisions relating to definitions, to status as peace officers and to supervisory relationship to offenders; providing for supervision of offenders and for agents; in county probation officers' firearm education and training, further providing for definitions; in Interstate Compacts, further providing for Interstate Compact for the Supervision of Adult Offenders application fee, for deputization and for supervision of persons paroled by other states; providing for Board of Pardons; in preliminary provisions relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for definitions; conferring powers and imposing duties on the Department of Corrections; providing for the transfer of functions, powers and duties of the Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole and for appropriations for the Office of Victim Advocate; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for registered nurse, clinical nurse specialist, use of title and abbreviation "R.N." or "C.N.S." and credentials and fraud; and providing for certified registered nurse anesthetist and qualifications and for scope of practice for certified registered nurse anesthetists.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 22, 1951 (P.L.317, No.69), known as The Professional Nursing Law, further providing for definitions and for registered nurse, clinical nurse specialist, use of title and abbreviation "R.N." or "C.N.S." and credentials and fraud; and providing for certified registered nurse anesthetist and qualifications and for scope of practice for certified registered nurse anesthetists.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, further providing for speed timing devices.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, further providing for speed timing devices.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In district attorney, assistants and detectives, further providing for district attorney, qualifications, eligibility and compensation.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code, in district attorney, assistants and detectives, further providing for district attorney, qualifications, eligibility and compensation.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In membership, credited service, classes of service, and eligibility for benefits relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for mandatory and optional membership in the system and participation in the plan; and, in benefits, further providing for termination of annuities.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in membership, credited service, classes of service, and eligibility for benefits relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for mandatory and optional membership in the system and participation in the plan; and, in benefits, further providing for termination of annuities.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for proposed regulations and procedures for review, for final-form regulations and final-omitted regulations and procedures for review and for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1982 (P.L.633, No.181), known as the Regulatory Review Act, further providing for definitions, for proposed regulations and procedures for review, for final-form regulations and final-omitted regulations and procedures for review and for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In dates of elections and primaries and special elections, further providing for general primary and candidates to be nominated and party officers to be elected.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in dates of elections and primaries and special elections, further providing for general primary and candidates to be nominated and party officers to be elected.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In hunting and furtaking licenses, further providing for authorized license-issuing agents.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in hunting and furtaking licenses, further providing for authorized license-issuing agents.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In banking and securities, further providing for fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 15, 1933 (P.L.565, No.111), known as the Department of Banking and Securities Code, in banking and securities, further providing for fund.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In food protection, providing for milk sell by date and best by date labeling.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in food protection, providing for milk sell by date and best by date labeling.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for State-owned assets, county-owned assets and broadband services; establishing the Broadband Services Restricted Account; and providing for 2022-2023 budget implementation for State-related universities.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, providing for State-owned assets, county-owned assets and broadband services; establishing the Broadband Services Restricted Account; and providing for 2022-2023 budget implementation for State-related universities.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, providing for contributions for breast cancer research.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, providing for contributions for breast cancer research.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In corporate net income tax, further providing for imposition of tax.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in corporate net income tax, further providing for imposition of tax.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In firearms and other dangerous articles, further providing for limitation on the regulation of firearms and ammunition; and, in preemptions, providing for regulation of firearms and ammunition.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in firearms and other dangerous articles, further providing for limitation on the regulation of firearms and ammunition; and, in preemptions, providing for regulation of firearms and ammunition.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Center for Rural Pennsylvania, further providing for board of directors; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 30, 1987 (P.L.163, No.16), known as the Rural Pennsylvania Revitalization Act, in Center for Rural Pennsylvania, further providing for board of directors; and making a repeal.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency, further providing for organization.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency, further providing for organization.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19557, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 36 over the Redbank Creek, Brookville Borough, Jefferson County, as the CPT Raymond Harry "Bud" Hetrick Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19557, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 36 over the Redbank Creek, Brookville Borough, Jefferson County, as the CPT Raymond Harry "Bud" Hetrick Memorial Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In alteration of territory or corporate entity and dissolution, providing for municipal boundary change; in consolidated county assessment, further providing for definitions, for changes in assessed valuation and for abstracts of building and demolition permits to be forwarded to the county assessment office; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in alteration of territory or corporate entity and dissolution, providing for municipal boundary change; in consolidated county assessment, further providing for definitions, for changes in assessed valuation and for abstracts of building and demolition permits to be forwarded to the county assessment office; and making related repeals.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of October 27, 1979 (P.L.241, No.78), entitled "An act authorizing political subdivisions, municipality authorities and transportation authorities to enter into contracts for the purchase of goods and the sale of real and personal property where no bids are received," further providing for title of the act; adding a short title; and providing for contracts for services.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 27, 1979 (P.L.241, No.78), entitled "An act authorizing political subdivisions, municipality authorities and transportation authorities to enter into contracts for the purchase of goods and the sale of real and personal property where no bids are received," further providing for title of the act; adding a short title; and providing for contracts for services.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In municipal financial distress, further providing for designation and for performance of coordinator; and, in receivership in municipalities, further providing for receiver.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 10, 1987 (P.L.246, No.47), known as the Municipalities Financial Recovery Act, in municipal financial distress, further providing for designation and for performance of coordinator; and, in receivership in municipalities, further providing for receiver.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In associations and organizations, further providing for associations and organizations for mayors; in elections of officers, further providing for eligibility; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for appointments and incompatible offices and for police serving under cooperative agreement or contract; in corporate powers, further providing for specific powers; in taxation and finance, further providing for investment of funds; providing for solid waste collection and disposition; and, in ordinances, further providing for ordinances and resolutions and for publication.. Description: An Act amending Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in associations and organizations, further providing for associations and organizations for mayors; in elections of officers, further providing for eligibility; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for appointments and incompatible offices and for police serving under cooperative agreement or contract; in corporate powers, further providing for specific powers; in taxation and finance, further providing for investment of funds; providing for solid waste collection and disposition; and, in ordinances, further providing for ordinances and resolutions and for publication.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In boards and offices, providing for information technology; establishing the Office of Information Technology and the Information Technology Fund; providing for administrative and procurement procedures and for the Joint Cybersecurity Oversight Committee; imposing duties on the Office of Information Technology; providing for administration of Pennsylvania Statewide Radio Network and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in boards and offices, providing for information technology; establishing the Office of Information Technology and the Information Technology Fund; providing for administrative and procurement procedures and for the Joint Cybersecurity Oversight Committee; imposing duties on the Office of Information Technology; providing for administration of Pennsylvania Statewide Radio Network and imposing penalties.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for Pennsylvania Long-term Care Council.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 24, 2015 (P.L.232, No.64), known as the Pennsylvania Long-term Care Council Act, further providing for Pennsylvania Long-term Care Council.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, providing for preference for training programs.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 18, 2001 (P.L.949, No.114), known as the Workforce Development Act, in preliminary provisions, providing for preference for training programs.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In State-related institutions, further providing for reporting, for contents of report and for copies and posting and providing for contracts.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 14, 2008 (P.L.6, No.3), known as the Right-to-Know Law, in State-related institutions, further providing for reporting, for contents of report and for copies and posting and providing for contracts.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for disability benefits and for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 28, 1935 (P.L.477, No.193), referred to as the Enforcement Officer Disability Benefits Law, further providing for disability benefits and for definitions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, prohibiting certain regulatory action during disaster emergencies.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, prohibiting certain regulatory action during disaster emergencies.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for proposed regulations and procedures for review and for final-form regulations and final-omitted regulations and procedures for review; and providing for concurrent resolution required for economically significant regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1982 (P.L.633, No.181), known as the Regulatory Review Act, further providing for definitions, for proposed regulations and procedures for review and for final-form regulations and final-omitted regulations and procedures for review; and providing for concurrent resolution required for economically significant regulations.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In other offenses, further providing for the offense of invasion of privacy.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in other offenses, further providing for the offense of invasion of privacy.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for blood lead assessment and testing of certain children and pregnant women by health care providers; imposing duties on the Department of Health; and requiring certain health insurance policies to cover blood lead tests.. Description: An Act providing for blood lead assessment and testing of certain children and pregnant women by health care providers; imposing duties on the Department of Health; and requiring certain health insurance policies to cover blood lead tests.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In home rule and optional plan government, further providing for submission of question for election of government study commission and for limitation on enactment of ordinance or filing of petition.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in home rule and optional plan government, further providing for submission of question for election of government study commission and for limitation on enactment of ordinance or filing of petition.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the bridges, identified as Bridge Key 31419 and Bridge Key 31420, on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over State Route 601 in Conemaugh Township, Somerset County, as the Corporal Anthony G. Orlandi Memorial Bridge; designating the interchange of State Route 43, also known as the Mon-Fayette Expressway, with U.S. Route 40, known as Exit 22, in Redstone Township, Fayette County, as the PFC Joseph Frank Duda Memorial Interchange KIA WWII U.S.M.C.; designating the interchange of U.S. Route 40 with State Route 4035, also known as Market Street and Spring Street, in Brownsville, Fayette County, as the Corporal Denny Ray Easter Memorial Interchange KIA Vietnam War U.S. Army; designating the portion of Pennsylvania Route 837, also known as Duquesne Boulevard, between Center Street in the City of Duquesne, Allegheny County, and Hoffman Boulevard in West Mifflin Borough, Allegheny County, as the Clifton P. Pitts Memorial Highway;designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8391, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 53 over Laurel Run, also known as Lost Creek, in Dean Township, Cambria County, as the Seaman 2nd Class Louis J. Benzie WWII Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8461, on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over Pennsylvania Route 53, also known as Railroad Street, in Croyle Township, Cambria County, as the Janice Keen-Livingston First Responders' Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 4014, also known as Grandview Boulevard, from Pittsburgh Avenue to State Route 4015, also known as Zuck Road, in Millcreek Township, Erie County, as the John A. Pulice Memorial Highway; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4001 over Crooked Creek, Armstrong Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant Carl Roof Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 25488, carrying State Route 1011 over Mix Creek, Eldred Township, McKean County, as the Sgt. Neil K. Dorrion Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 39504, carrying Pennsylvania Route 3004 over the Allegheny River, Roulette Township, Potter County, as the SSG Gerrith Kibbe Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 32773, on that portion of U.S. Route 6 over the Tioga River, Mansfield Borough, Tioga County, as the Mansfield Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5840, on that portion of SR 4010 (17th Street) over Interstate 99 in Logan Township, Blair County, as the Honorable Richard A. Geist Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45998, carrying State Route 2027 in North Union Township, Fayette County, as the SSG Willis J. Crayton Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 4133, carrying Pennsylvania Route 913 over Raystown Branch Juniata River in Liberty Township, Bedford County, as the Sergeant Charles Warsing Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68033, carrying State Route 2047 over CSX and SEPTA Railroads, in Middletown Township, Bucks County, as the PFC John Elton Candy Memorial Bridge; designating the entire portion of US Route 20 in Pennsylvania, beginning at the Pennsylvania-Ohio State Line and ending at the Pennsylvania-New York State Line, as the Pennsylvania Medal of Honor Highway; designating the portion of State Route 2038, also known as Fitzwatertown Road, between Jenkintown Road and North Hills Avenue in Upper Dublin Township, Montgomery County, as the CPL Vincent J. Wargo, Jr., U.S.M.C. Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43267, on that portion of State Route 3041, also known as Dishong Mountain Road, over U.S. Route 22 in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Technical Sergeant Mike Capelli Memorial Bridge; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act designating the bridges, identified as Bridge Key 31419 and Bridge Key 31420, on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over State Route 601 in Conemaugh Township, Somerset County, as the Corporal Anthony G. Orlandi Memorial Bridge; designating the interchange of State Route 43, also known as the Mon-Fayette Expressway, with U.S. Route 40, known as Exit 22, in Redstone Township, Fayette County, as the PFC Joseph Frank Duda Memorial Interchange KIA WWII U.S.M.C.; designating the interchange of U.S. Route 40 with State Route 4035, also known as Market Street and Spring Street, in Brownsville, Fayette County, as the Corporal Denny Ray Easter Memorial Interchange KIA Vietnam War U.S. Army; designating the portion of Pennsylvania Route 837, also known as Duquesne Boulevard, between Center Street in the City of Duquesne, Allegheny County, and Hoffman Boulevard in West Mifflin Borough, Allegheny County, as the Clifton P. Pitts Memorial Highway;designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8391, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 53 over Laurel Run, also known as Lost Creek, in Dean Township, Cambria County, as the Seaman 2nd Class Louis J. Benzie WWII Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8461, on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over Pennsylvania Route 53, also known as Railroad Street, in Croyle Township, Cambria County, as the Janice Keen-Livingston First Responders' Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 4014, also known as Grandview Boulevard, from Pittsburgh Avenue to State Route 4015, also known as Zuck Road, in Millcreek Township, Erie County, as the John A. Pulice Memorial Highway; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4001 over Crooked Creek, Armstrong Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant Carl Roof Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 25488, carrying State Route 1011 over Mix Creek, Eldred Township, McKean County, as the Sgt. Neil K. Dorrion Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 39504, carrying Pennsylvania Route 3004 over the Allegheny River, Roulette Township, Potter County, as the SSG Gerrith Kibbe Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 32773, on that portion of U.S. Route 6 over the Tioga River, Mansfield Borough, Tioga County, as the Mansfield Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5840, on that portion of SR 4010 (17th Street) over Interstate 99 in Logan Township, Blair County, as the Honorable Richard A. Geist Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45998, carrying State Route 2027 in North Union Township, Fayette County, as the SSG Willis J. Crayton Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 4133, carrying Pennsylvania Route 913 over Raystown Branch Juniata River in Liberty Township, Bedford County, as the Sergeant Charles Warsing Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 68033, carrying State Route 2047 over CSX and SEPTA Railroads, in Middletown Township, Bucks County, as the PFC John Elton Candy Memorial Bridge; designating the entire portion of US Route 20 in Pennsylvania, beginning at the Pennsylvania-Ohio State Line and ending at the Pennsylvania-New York State Line, as the Pennsylvania Medal of Honor Highway; designating the portion of State Route 2038, also known as Fitzwatertown Road, between Jenkintown Road and North Hills Avenue in Upper Dublin Township, Montgomery County, as the CPL Vincent J. Wargo, Jr., U.S.M.C. Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43267, on that portion of State Route 3041, also known as Dishong Mountain Road, over U.S. Route 22 in Jackson Township, Cambria County, as the Technical Sergeant Mike Capelli Memorial Bridge; and making related repeals.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In special powers and duties of the county, further providing for flags to decorate graves.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 28, 1953 (P.L.723, No.230), known as the Second Class County Code, in special powers and duties of the county, further providing for flags to decorate graves.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In agency response, providing for vexatious requester.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 14, 2008 (P.L.6, No.3), known as the Right-to-Know Law, in agency response, providing for vexatious requester.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In open meetings, further providing for public notice and providing for notification of agency business required and exceptions.. Description: An Act amending Title 65 (Public Officers) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in open meetings, further providing for public notice and providing for notification of agency business required and exceptions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In access to public records during disaster declaration, further providing for definitions and for public records under Right-to-Know Law.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in access to public records during disaster declaration, further providing for definitions and for public records under Right-to-Know Law.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, through a competitive solicitation for proposals process; and authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Corrections and the Governor, to grant and convey to Alexander Delmont Bard and Melissa Marie Bard, certain lands and improvements situate in the City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, through a competitive solicitation for proposals process; and authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Corrections and the Governor, to grant and convey to Alexander Delmont Bard and Melissa Marie Bard, certain lands and improvements situate in the City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for airport land development zones.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, providing for airport land development zones.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for standards for Class VI buildings.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 27, 1927 (P.L.465, No.299), referred to as the Fire and Panic Act, further providing for standards for Class VI buildings.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in Pennsylvania Liquor Stores, further providing for sales by Pennsylvania Liquor Stores; and, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for authority to issue liquor licenses to hotels, restaurants and clubs, for sales by liquor licensees and restrictions, for secondary service area, for sale of malt or brewed beverages by liquor licensees, for public service liquor licenses, for liquor importers' licenses, fees, privileges and restrictions, for public venue license, for performing arts facility license, for continuing care retirement community retail licenses, for casino liquor license, for malt and brewed beverages manufacturers', distributors' and importing distributors' licenses, for sales by manufacturers of malt or brewed beverages and minimum quantities, for distributors' and importing distributors' restrictions on sales, storage, etc and for license auction, adding provisions relating to fees and taxation of ready-to-drink cocktails for off-premises consumption, further providing for unlawful acts relative to malt or brewed beverages and licensees and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in Pennsylvania Liquor Stores, further providing for sales by Pennsylvania Liquor Stores; and, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for authority to issue liquor licenses to hotels, restaurants and clubs, for sales by liquor licensees and restrictions, for secondary service area, for sale of malt or brewed beverages by liquor licensees, for public service liquor licenses, for liquor importers' licenses, fees, privileges and restrictions, for public venue license, for performing arts facility license, for continuing care retirement community retail licenses, for casino liquor license, for malt and brewed beverages manufacturers', distributors' and importing distributors' licenses, for sales by manufacturers of malt or brewed beverages and minimum quantities, for distributors' and importing distributors' restrictions on sales, storage, etc and for license auction, adding provisions relating to fees and taxation of ready-to-drink cocktails for off-premises consumption, further providing for unlawful acts relative to malt or brewed beverages and licensees and making editorial changes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for guidelines and procedures governing certain investigations and interrogations of correctional and forensic employees; authorizing certain civil suits by correctional officers; and providing for impact of collective bargaining agreements and for summary suspensions.. Description: An Act providing for guidelines and procedures governing certain investigations and interrogations of correctional and forensic employees; authorizing certain civil suits by correctional officers; and providing for impact of collective bargaining agreements and for summary suspensions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for the title of the act; and, in sale of property, providing for county demolition and rehabilitation fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 7, 1947 (P.L.1368, No.542), known as the Real Estate Tax Sale Law, further providing for the title of the act; and, in sale of property, providing for county demolition and rehabilitation fund.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for when prosecution barred by former prosecution for different offense.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for when prosecution barred by former prosecution for different offense.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to home rule and optional plan government, further providing for definitions, providing for appointment of government study commission in distressed municipality and further providing for first meeting of commission, for function and duty of commission, for hearings and public forums, for report of findings and recommendations, for limitation on enactment of ordinance or filing of petition and for limitation on municipal powers.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions relating to home rule and optional plan government, further providing for definitions, providing for appointment of government study commission in distressed municipality and further providing for first meeting of commission, for function and duty of commission, for hearings and public forums, for report of findings and recommendations, for limitation on enactment of ordinance or filing of petition and for limitation on municipal powers.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for water and wastewater asset management plans.. Description: An Act amending Title 27 (Environmental Resources) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for water and wastewater asset management plans.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In school health services, further providing for health services.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school health services, further providing for health services.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for family and medical leave for eligible employees.. Description: An Act providing for family and medical leave for eligible employees.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for definitions.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In property assessed clean energy program, further providing for purpose, for definitions, for establishment of a program, for notice to lien holder required for participation, for scope of work, for lien and for collection of assessments.. Description: An Act amending Title 12 (Commerce and Trade) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in property assessed clean energy program, further providing for purpose, for definitions, for establishment of a program, for notice to lien holder required for participation, for scope of work, for lien and for collection of assessments.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Corrections and the Governor, to lease to the County of Wayne a portion of the lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Correctional Institution - Waymart, situate in the Township of Canaan and Borough of Waymart, County of Wayne.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Corrections and the Governor, to lease to the County of Wayne a portion of the lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Correctional Institution - Waymart, situate in the Township of Canaan and Borough of Waymart, County of Wayne.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In pupils and attendance, providing for extended special education enrollment due to COVID-19; and, in terms and courses of study, providing for optional year of education due to COVID-19.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in pupils and attendance, providing for extended special education enrollment due to COVID-19; and, in terms and courses of study, providing for optional year of education due to COVID-19.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for the Pharmaceutical Assistance Contract for the Elderly Needs Enhancement Tier, for powers of the department and for coordination of benefits.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for the Pharmaceutical Assistance Contract for the Elderly Needs Enhancement Tier, for powers of the department and for coordination of benefits.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In municipal pensions, providing for pension service credit for prior service with police department.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in municipal pensions, providing for pension service credit for prior service with police department.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In auditors and accountants, further providing for surcharge by auditors; and, in township manager, further providing for township manager and appointment, removal, powers and duties and compensation and bond.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in auditors and accountants, further providing for surcharge by auditors; and, in township manager, further providing for township manager and appointment, removal, powers and duties and compensation and bond.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of elected officials, further providing for surcharge by auditors; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for borough manager created by ordinance and election, for powers and duties, for other offices not incompatible and for organization of commission; and, in taxation and finance, further providing for preparation of budget.. Description: An Act amending Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties of elected officials, further providing for surcharge by auditors; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for borough manager created by ordinance and election, for powers and duties, for other offices not incompatible and for organization of commission; and, in taxation and finance, further providing for preparation of budget.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In city administrator, further providing for appointment of city administrator, for employment agreement, for residency and elective city office and for powers and duties; and, in accounts and finances, further providing for powers and duties of chief fiscal officer.. Description: An Act amending Title 11 (Cities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in city administrator, further providing for appointment of city administrator, for employment agreement, for residency and elective city office and for powers and duties; and, in accounts and finances, further providing for powers and duties of chief fiscal officer.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In financial responsibility, further providing for definitions, for availability, scope and amount of coverage, for request for lower limits of coverage, for coverages in excess of required amounts, for stacking of uninsured and underinsured benefits and option to waive, for notice of available benefits and limits and for availability of uninsured, underinsured, bodily injury liability and property damage coverages and mandatory deductibles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in financial responsibility, further providing for definitions, for availability, scope and amount of coverage, for request for lower limits of coverage, for coverages in excess of required amounts, for stacking of uninsured and underinsured benefits and option to waive, for notice of available benefits and limits and for availability of uninsured, underinsured, bodily injury liability and property damage coverages and mandatory deductibles.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In organization and jurisdiction of courts of common pleas, further providing for courts of common pleas.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in organization and jurisdiction of courts of common pleas, further providing for courts of common pleas.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for title of act, for definitions and for notification of breach; prohibiting employees of the Commonwealth from using nonsecured Internet connections; providing for data storage policy and for entities subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996; and further providing for notice exemption and for applicability.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 22, 2005 (P.L.474, No.94), known as the Breach of Personal Information Notification Act, further providing for title of act, for definitions and for notification of breach; prohibiting employees of the Commonwealth from using nonsecured Internet connections; providing for data storage policy and for entities subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996; and further providing for notice exemption and for applicability.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sexual offenses, further providing for the offense of institutional sexual assault.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sexual offenses, further providing for the offense of institutional sexual assault.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Relating to telemedicine; authorizing the regulation of telemedicine by professional licensing boards; and providing for insurance coverage of telemedicine.. Description: An Act relating to telemedicine; authorizing the regulation of telemedicine by professional licensing boards; and providing for insurance coverage of telemedicine.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for advanced manufacturing facilities and infrastructures through business partnerships with State-related institutions; establishing the Max Manufacturing Initiative Fund and Max Manufacturing Endeavor Loan Fund; and imposing powers and duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act providing for advanced manufacturing facilities and infrastructures through business partnerships with State-related institutions; establishing the Max Manufacturing Initiative Fund and Max Manufacturing Endeavor Loan Fund; and imposing powers and duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in crime victims, further providing for rights, for responsibilities of victims of crime under basic bill of rights, for responsibilities of State and local law enforcement agencies, for responsibilities of prosecutor's office, for responsibilities of department, local correctional facilities and board and for responsibilities of juvenile probation office; in administration, further providing for office, for powers and duties of victim advocate and for powers and duties of Office of Victims' Services; in compensation, further providing for persons eligible for compensation, providing for counseling services for victims of sexual abuse and further providing for filing of claims for compensation, for minimum allowable claim, for determination of claims, for emergency awards, for awards and for confidentiality of records; in services, further providing for eligibility of victims; in financial matters, further providing for costs and for costs for offender supervision programs; in enforcement, further providing for subrogation and for revictimization relief; transferring money from the Crime Victim's Compensation Fund; providing for applicability; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 24, 1998 (P.L.882, No.111), known as the Crime Victims Act, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in crime victims, further providing for rights, for responsibilities of victims of crime under basic bill of rights, for responsibilities of State and local law enforcement agencies, for responsibilities of prosecutor's office, for responsibilities of department, local correctional facilities and board and for responsibilities of juvenile probation office; in administration, further providing for office, for powers and duties of victim advocate and for powers and duties of Office of Victims' Services; in compensation, further providing for persons eligible for compensation, providing for counseling services for victims of sexual abuse and further providing for filing of claims for compensation, for minimum allowable claim, for determination of claims, for emergency awards, for awards and for confidentiality of records; in services, further providing for eligibility of victims; in financial matters, further providing for costs and for costs for offender supervision programs; in enforcement, further providing for subrogation and for revictimization relief; transferring money from the Crime Victim's Compensation Fund; providing for applicability; and making a related repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for cytomegalovirus education and newborn screening.. Description: An Act providing for cytomegalovirus education and newborn screening.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licensing of drivers, further providing for classes of licenses; and in commercial drivers, further providing for requirement for commercial driver's license.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in licensing of drivers, further providing for classes of licenses; and in commercial drivers, further providing for requirement for commercial driver's license.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In computer offenses, providing for the offense of ransomware; and imposing duties on the Office of Administration.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in computer offenses, providing for the offense of ransomware; and imposing duties on the Office of Administration.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for implementation.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 9, 1997 (P.L.169, No.14), known as the Nurse Aide Resident Abuse Prevention Training Act, further providing for implementation.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for exemption from regulation.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 16, 1996 (P.L.712, No.127), known as the Charitable Gift Annuity Exemption Act, further providing for definitions and for exemption from regulation.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, providing for certain transmittals and submissions to governmental bodies.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 31, 1968 (P.L.805, No.247), known as the Pennsylvania Municipalities Planning Code, in general provisions, providing for certain transmittals and submissions to governmental bodies.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for qualifications of electors.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for qualifications of electors.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In the Secretary of the Commonwealth, further providing for explanation of ballot question.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in the Secretary of the Commonwealth, further providing for explanation of ballot question.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, further providing for definitions and for assistance to fire companies and EMS companies; in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, establishing the Emergency Medical Services COVID-19 Recovery Grant Program and providing for expiration of authority relating to Emergency Medical Services COVID-19 Recovery Grant Program; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, further providing for definitions and for assistance to fire companies and EMS companies; in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, establishing the Emergency Medical Services COVID-19 Recovery Grant Program and providing for expiration of authority relating to Emergency Medical Services COVID-19 Recovery Grant Program; and making editorial changes.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19033, on that portion of northbound State Route 119 over State Route 286 in White Township, Indiana County, as the Specialist Five Timothy Rice Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19033, on that portion of northbound State Route 119 over State Route 286 in White Township, Indiana County, as the Specialist Five Timothy Rice Memorial Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of State and its departmental administrative board, further providing for powers and duties in general.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of State and its departmental administrative board, further providing for powers and duties in general.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for small wireless facilities deployment.. Description: An Act providing for small wireless facilities deployment.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In corporate net income tax, providing for a reduction in tax rate.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in corporate net income tax, providing for a reduction in tax rate.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In life insurance, further providing for standard nonforfeiture law for individual deferred annuities; and, in suitability of annuity transactions, further providing for definitions, for applicability and scope of article, for duties of insurers and insurance producers, for insurance producer training, for mitigation of responsibility, for recordkeeping and for enforcement.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in life insurance, further providing for standard nonforfeiture law for individual deferred annuities; and, in suitability of annuity transactions, further providing for definitions, for applicability and scope of article, for duties of insurers and insurance producers, for insurance producer training, for mitigation of responsibility, for recordkeeping and for enforcement.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In inspection of vehicles, further providing for requirement for periodic inspection of vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in inspection of vehicles, further providing for requirement for periodic inspection of vehicles.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 39537, on that portion of State Route 1005 over a tributary of Crooked Creek, Rayne Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant Charles R. Learn Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 39537, on that portion of State Route 1005 over a tributary of Crooked Creek, Rayne Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant Charles R. Learn Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In open campus initiatives, further providing for legislative intent, for definitions, for open campus initiatives, for cooperative agreements, for reimbursements by the Commonwealth and for parental and public information.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in open campus initiatives, further providing for legislative intent, for definitions, for open campus initiatives, for cooperative agreements, for reimbursements by the Commonwealth and for parental and public information.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania State Police and the Governor, to grant and convey to Robert Swingle, certain lands and improvements situate in the Township of Richmond, Tioga County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania State Police and the Governor, to grant and convey to Robert Swingle, certain lands and improvements situate in the Township of Richmond, Tioga County.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for creation of neighborhood improvement district and for powers of neighborhood improvement district management association.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 2000 (P.L.949, No.130), known as the Neighborhood Improvement District Act, further providing for definitions, for creation of neighborhood improvement district and for powers of neighborhood improvement district management association.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for payment information to interest owners and for accumulation of proceeds from production.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 20, 1979 (P.L.183, No.60), known as the Oil and Gas Lease Act, further providing for definitions, for payment information to interest owners and for accumulation of proceeds from production.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In revised uniform law on notarial acts, further providing for appointment and commission as notary public, qualifications and no immunity or benefit.. Description: An Act amending Title 57 (Notaries Public) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in revised uniform law on notarial acts, further providing for appointment and commission as notary public, qualifications and no immunity or benefit.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for municipal claims first lien, cities of first class, docketing, judgment and execution, for cities of the first class, recovery of judgment and sale free from claims, for redemption and for rule to show cause, decree, service and notice and providing disposition of property in cities of the second class.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 16, 1923 (P.L.207, No.153), referred to as the Municipal Claim and Tax Lien Law, further providing for municipal claims first lien, cities of first class, docketing, judgment and execution, for cities of the first class, recovery of judgment and sale free from claims, for redemption and for rule to show cause, decree, service and notice and providing disposition of property in cities of the second class.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In obstructing governmental operations, providing for the offense of evading arrest or detention on foot and for the offense of harming a police animal while evading arrest or detention.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in obstructing governmental operations, providing for the offense of evading arrest or detention on foot and for the offense of harming a police animal while evading arrest or detention.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licensing of health care facilities, providing for ambulatory surgical facility permitted surgical procedures; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, in licensing of health care facilities, providing for ambulatory surgical facility permitted surgical procedures; and abrogating regulations.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for museum unclaimed loaned property.. Description: An Act providing for museum unclaimed loaned property.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Weigh Station Preclearance Program in the Pennsylvania State Police; and providing for criteria for preclearance system and devices and for data access.. Description: An Act establishing the Weigh Station Preclearance Program in the Pennsylvania State Police; and providing for criteria for preclearance system and devices and for data access.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth Financing Authority, establishing the Veteran-owned Business Loan Guarantee Program.. Description: An Act amending Title 64 (Public Authorities and Quasi-Public Corporations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth Financing Authority, establishing the Veteran-owned Business Loan Guarantee Program.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Consolidating the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 16 (Counties) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, consolidating the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code; and making a related repeal.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the portion of State Route 2004, also known as North Broad Street, within the Borough of Lansdale and Hatfield Township, in Montgomery County, as the Dr. Frank Erdman Boston Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating the portion of State Route 2004, also known as North Broad Street, within the Borough of Lansdale and Hatfield Township, in Montgomery County, as the Dr. Frank Erdman Boston Memorial Highway.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of April 27, 1905 (P.L.312, No.218), entitled "An act creating a Department of Health, and defining its powers and duties," further providing for the administrative structure of the Department of Health, establishing the office of Chief Nursing Officer of the Commonwealth and providing for the powers and duties of the Chief Nursing Officer of the Commonwealth.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 27, 1905 (P.L.312, No.218), entitled "An act creating a Department of Health, and defining its powers and duties," further providing for the administrative structure of the Department of Health, establishing the office of Chief Nursing Officer of the Commonwealth and providing for the powers and duties of the Chief Nursing Officer of the Commonwealth.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In veterans' preference, further providing for definitions; and, in voluntary veterans' preference in private employment, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in veterans' preference, further providing for definitions; and, in voluntary veterans' preference in private employment, further providing for definitions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 57053, located over Dixon Run at the intersection of State Route 1012 to Pennsylvania Route 403 in Green Township, Indiana County, as the PVT William L. Hadden Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 57053, located over Dixon Run at the intersection of State Route 1012 to Pennsylvania Route 403 in Green Township, Indiana County, as the PVT William L. Hadden Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, further providing for enforcement of failure to stop for school bus with flashing red lights.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, further providing for enforcement of failure to stop for school bus with flashing red lights.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania a party to the Recognition Of Emergency Medical Services Personnel Licensure Interstate Compact; and providing for the form of the compact.. Description: An Act making the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania a party to the Recognition Of Emergency Medical Services Personnel Licensure Interstate Compact; and providing for the form of the compact.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 36020, on that portion on Pennsylvania Route 66, known as Main Street, over the Norfolk Southern Railway, City of Greensburg, Westmoreland County, as the Sergeant Richard Ivory Cullen Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 36020, on that portion on Pennsylvania Route 66, known as Main Street, over the Norfolk Southern Railway, City of Greensburg, Westmoreland County, as the Sergeant Richard Ivory Cullen Memorial Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19231, on that portion of State Route 1014 over the abandoned Conrail Railroad, Green Township, Indiana County, as the Carl E. Keith Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19231, on that portion of State Route 1014 over the abandoned Conrail Railroad, Green Township, Indiana County, as the Carl E. Keith Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the portion of Pennsylvania Route 309 from the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 29 in Monroe Township, Wyoming County, to the intersection with State Route 1026 in Dallas Township, Luzerne County, as the Kunkle Firefighter Edward L. Nulton, Sr., Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating the portion of Pennsylvania Route 309 from the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 29 in Monroe Township, Wyoming County, to the intersection with State Route 1026 in Dallas Township, Luzerne County, as the Kunkle Firefighter Edward L. Nulton, Sr., Memorial Highway.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties, further providing for definitions and providing for virtual operation.. Description: An Act amending Title 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties, further providing for definitions and providing for virtual operation.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the portion of State Route 2014/Washington Street beginning at the intersection of South Courtland Street and Day Street at segment 0011 offset 1858 and ending at the intersection of Brown Street at segment 0011 offset 0000 in East Stroudsburg Borough, Monroe County, as the Samuel Newman Way; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act designating the portion of State Route 2014/Washington Street beginning at the intersection of South Courtland Street and Day Street at segment 0011 offset 1858 and ending at the intersection of Brown Street at segment 0011 offset 0000 in East Stroudsburg Borough, Monroe County, as the Samuel Newman Way; and making a repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for Safe Exchange Zone Program.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for Safe Exchange Zone Program.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41272, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 286 over Crooked Creek, Rayne Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant First Class Randy McCaulley Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 41272, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 286 over Crooked Creek, Rayne Township, Indiana County, as the Sergeant First Class Randy McCaulley Memorial Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In special vehicles and pedestrians, providing for electric low-speed scooter pilot program.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in special vehicles and pedestrians, providing for electric low-speed scooter pilot program.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In other criminal provisions, further providing for definitions and providing for meetings.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in other criminal provisions, further providing for definitions and providing for meetings.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for County Adult Probation and Parole Advisory Committee.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 22, 1978 (P.L.1166, No.274), referred to as the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency Law, further providing for County Adult Probation and Parole Advisory Committee.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Animal Welfare Board; and providing for its powers and duties.. Description: An Act establishing the Animal Welfare Board; and providing for its powers and duties.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for conditions of probation and for modification or revocation of order of probation and providing for authority regarding probation detainers.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for conditions of probation and for modification or revocation of order of probation and providing for authority regarding probation detainers.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the capital budget for fiscal year 2021-2022; itemizing public improvement projects, furniture and equipment projects, transportation assistance, redevelopment assistance projects, flood control projects and Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission projects leased or assisted by the Department of General Services and other State agencies, together with their estimated financial costs; authorizing the incurring of debt without the approval of the electors for the purpose of financing the projects to be constructed, acquired or assisted by the Department of General Services and other State agencies; authorizing the use of current revenue for the purpose of financing the projects to be constructed, acquired or assisted by the Department of General Services and other State agencies stating the estimated useful life of the projects; and making appropriations.. Description: An Act providing for the capital budget for fiscal year 2021-2022; itemizing public improvement projects, furniture and equipment projects, transportation assistance, redevelopment assistance projects, flood control projects and Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission projects leased or assisted by the Department of General Services and other State agencies, together with their estimated financial costs; authorizing the incurring of debt without the approval of the electors for the purpose of financing the projects to be constructed, acquired or assisted by the Department of General Services and other State agencies; authorizing the use of current revenue for the purpose of financing the projects to be constructed, acquired or assisted by the Department of General Services and other State agencies stating the estimated useful life of the projects; and making appropriations.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45531, carrying Pennsylvania Route 879 over the West Branch Susquehanna River, Lawrence Township, Clearfield County, as the Gerald "Jerry" Confer Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45531, carrying Pennsylvania Route 879 over the West Branch Susquehanna River, Lawrence Township, Clearfield County, as the Gerald "Jerry" Confer Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in responsibilities of the State, providing for State center closure moratorium.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 20, 1966 (3rd Sp.Sess., P.L.96, No.6), known as the Mental Health and Intellectual Disability Act of 1966, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in responsibilities of the State, providing for State center closure moratorium.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In military educational programs, further providing for medical officer or health officer incentive program, for definitions, for establishment of program, for program stipend, for additional incentives, for recoupment of incentive payments and for adjustment of stipend amounts.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in military educational programs, further providing for medical officer or health officer incentive program, for definitions, for establishment of program, for program stipend, for additional incentives, for recoupment of incentive payments and for adjustment of stipend amounts.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In educational tax credits, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in educational tax credits, further providing for definitions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In educational tax credits, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in educational tax credits, further providing for definitions.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In the State System of Higher Education, further providing for Board of Governors.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in the State System of Higher Education, further providing for Board of Governors.
In 2021, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In pupils and attendance, providing for immunization exception.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in pupils and attendance, providing for immunization exception.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of September 1, 1965 (P.L.420, No.215), entitled "An act for the protection of the public health, and to prevent fraud and deception in the manufacture, sale, offering for sale, exposing for sale, and possession with intent to sell, of adulterated or deleterious frozen desserts, providing for licensing, authorizing and regulating the manufacture and sale of frozen desserts, conferring powers and imposing duties upon the Department of Agriculture, prescribing penalties, providing for the enforcement thereof, and making repeals.". Description: An Act repealing the act of September 1, 1965 (P.L.420, No.215), entitled "An act for the protection of the public health, and to prevent fraud and deception in the manufacture, sale, offering for sale, exposing for sale, and possession with intent to sell, of adulterated or deleterious frozen desserts, providing for licensing, authorizing and regulating the manufacture and sale of frozen desserts, conferring powers and imposing duties upon the Department of Agriculture, prescribing penalties, providing for the enforcement thereof, and making repeals."
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Rural Coworking and Innovation Center Grant Program; and providing for requirements and imposing duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act establishing the Rural Coworking and Innovation Center Grant Program; and providing for requirements and imposing duties on the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Women, Infants and Children State Advisory Board.. Description: An Act establishing the Women, Infants and Children State Advisory Board.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, providing for public funding of elections; in county boards of elections, further providing for powers and duties of county boards; establishing the Election Integrity Grant Program; and, in penalties, providing for violation of public funding of elections.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in preliminary provisions, providing for public funding of elections; in county boards of elections, further providing for powers and duties of county boards; establishing the Election Integrity Grant Program; and, in penalties, providing for violation of public funding of elections.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In decorations, medals, badges and awards, further providing for authorized decorations, medals, badges and awards.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in decorations, medals, badges and awards, further providing for authorized decorations, medals, badges and awards.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In temporary regulatory flexibility authority, further providing for definitions and for COVID-19 regulatory flexibility authority; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in temporary regulatory flexibility authority, further providing for definitions and for COVID-19 regulatory flexibility authority; and making an editorial change.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Kyle A. and Tamara J. Boltz certain lands situate in Union Township, Lebanon County, in exchange for Kyle A. and Tamara J. Boltz's granting and conveying certain lands to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, to be added to those existing lands at Swatara State Park; and authorizing the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Erdenheim Farm (EQ), L.P., certain lands situate in Whitemarsh and Springfield Townships, Montgomery County, in exchange for Erdenheim Farm (EQ), L.P., causing to convey to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania a tract of land to be added to Marsh Creek State Park.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Kyle A. and Tamara J. Boltz certain lands situate in Union Township, Lebanon County, in exchange for Kyle A. and Tamara J. Boltz's granting and conveying certain lands to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, to be added to those existing lands at Swatara State Park; and authorizing the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Erdenheim Farm (EQ), L.P., certain lands situate in Whitemarsh and Springfield Townships, Montgomery County, in exchange for Erdenheim Farm (EQ), L.P., causing to convey to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania a tract of land to be added to Marsh Creek State Park.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for minors serving in volunteer emergency service organizations.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 24, 2012 (P.L.1209, No.151), known as the Child Labor Act, further providing for minors serving in volunteer emergency service organizations.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for Purple Star School Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, providing for Purple Star School Program.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for suspension of the Pennsylvania Heavy-Duty Diesel Emissions Control Program and for expiration of suspension.. Description: An Act providing for suspension of the Pennsylvania Heavy-Duty Diesel Emissions Control Program and for expiration of suspension.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for payments under contracts by requiring centralized portal for electronic submission of documentation.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 3, 1978 (P.L.6, No.3), known as the Steel Products Procurement Act, further providing for payments under contracts by requiring centralized portal for electronic submission of documentation.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In trusts, further providing for definitions, for trust instrument controls and mandatory rules - UTC 105, for governing law - UTC 107, for situs of trust, for nonjudicial settlement agreements - UTC 111, for charitable purposes; enforcement - UTC 405, for trust for care of animal - UTC 408, for noncharitable trust without ascertainable beneficiary - UTC 409, for reformation to correct mistakes - UTC 415, for modification to achieve settlor's tax objectives - UTC 416, for spendthrift provision - UTC 502, for creditor's claim against settlor - UTC 505(a), for overdue distribution - UTC 506, for revocation or amendment of revocable trust - UTC 602, for trustee's duties and powers of withdrawal - UTC 603, for accepting or declining trusteeship - UTC 701, for trustee's bond - UTC 702, for cotrustees - UTC 703, for vacancy in trusteeship and appointment of successor - UTC 704, for resignation of trustee and filing resignation, for compensation of trustee - UTC 708, for duty to administer trust - UTC 801, for duty of loyalty - UTC 802, for powers to direct - UTC 808, for duty to inform and report, for discretionary powers and for powers of trustees - UTC 815, providing for directed trusts, further providing for remedies for breach of trust--UTC 1001, providing for nonjudicial account settlement and further providing for reliance on trust instrument - UTC 1006, for exculpation of trustee - UTC 1008, for certification of trust - UTC 1013 and for title of purchaser.. Description: An Act amending Title 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in trusts, further providing for definitions, for trust instrument controls and mandatory rules - UTC 105, for governing law - UTC 107, for situs of trust, for nonjudicial settlement agreements - UTC 111, for charitable purposes; enforcement - UTC 405, for trust for care of animal - UTC 408, for noncharitable trust without ascertainable beneficiary - UTC 409, for reformation to correct mistakes - UTC 415, for modification to achieve settlor's tax objectives - UTC 416, for spendthrift provision - UTC 502, for creditor's claim against settlor - UTC 505(a), for overdue distribution - UTC 506, for revocation or amendment of revocable trust - UTC 602, for trustee's duties and powers of withdrawal - UTC 603, for accepting or declining trusteeship - UTC 701, for trustee's bond - UTC 702, for cotrustees - UTC 703, for vacancy in trusteeship and appointment of successor - UTC 704, for resignation of trustee and filing resignation, for compensation of trustee - UTC 708, for duty to administer trust - UTC 801, for duty of loyalty - UTC 802, for powers to direct - UTC 808, for duty to inform and report, for discretionary powers and for powers of trustees - UTC 815, providing for directed trusts, further providing for remedies for breach of trust--UTC 1001, providing for nonjudicial account settlement and further providing for reliance on trust instrument - UTC 1006, for exculpation of trustee - UTC 1008, for certification of trust - UTC 1013 and for title of purchaser.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In other officers and officials, providing for coroners; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 44 (Law and Justice) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in other officers and officials, providing for coroners; and making a related repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for land reclamation financial guarantees; and making an inconsistent repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 31, 1945 (P.L.1198, No.418), known as the Surface Mining Conservation and Reclamation Act, further providing for land reclamation financial guarantees; and making an inconsistent repeal.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In crime victims, further providing for responsibilities of State and local law enforcement agencies.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 24, 1998 (P.L.882, No.111), known as the Crime Victims Act, in crime victims, further providing for responsibilities of State and local law enforcement agencies.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in State Armory Board, providing for definitions, further providing for composition and general functions, for erection of armories and for management of armories, providing for management of buildings and structures located at Fort Indiantown Gap and further providing for purchase or lease of ground for armories, for donation of land by political subdivisions, for donation of property and services by political subdivisions, for sale of unusable armories and land, sale or lease of timber and mineral rights, for payment of armory rentals by Commonwealth, for rental of armories, for property in armories of units in Federal service, for State Treasury Armory Fund and for maintenance, construction and repairs.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in State Armory Board, providing for definitions, further providing for composition and general functions, for erection of armories and for management of armories, providing for management of buildings and structures located at Fort Indiantown Gap and further providing for purchase or lease of ground for armories, for donation of land by political subdivisions, for donation of property and services by political subdivisions, for sale of unusable armories and land, sale or lease of timber and mineral rights, for payment of armory rentals by Commonwealth, for rental of armories, for property in armories of units in Federal service, for State Treasury Armory Fund and for maintenance, construction and repairs.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for scope of subchapter, providing for definitions, further providing for establishment and designation, providing for emergency meetings by authorized telecommunications device, repealing provisions relating to exercise of powers and functions, further providing for declaration of policy and for definitions, repealing provisions relating to enabling authority for emergency interim successors for local offices, further providing for emergency interim successors for local officers and for succession period and repealing provisions relating to term and removal of designees.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for scope of subchapter, providing for definitions, further providing for establishment and designation, providing for emergency meetings by authorized telecommunications device, repealing provisions relating to exercise of powers and functions, further providing for declaration of policy and for definitions, repealing provisions relating to enabling authority for emergency interim successors for local offices, further providing for emergency interim successors for local officers and for succession period and repealing provisions relating to term and removal of designees.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In auditors and accountants, further providing for auditor's compensation.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in auditors and accountants, further providing for auditor's compensation.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in contributions by employers and employees, further providing for contributions by employers and employees, successors-in-interest and appeals; in compensation, further providing for ineligibility for compensation; and, in shared-work program, further providing for shared-work plan requirements, for effective period of shared-work plan and for participating employer responsibilities.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 5, 1936 (2nd Sp.Sess., 1937 P.L.2897, No.1), known as the Unemployment Compensation Law, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in contributions by employers and employees, further providing for contributions by employers and employees, successors-in-interest and appeals; in compensation, further providing for ineligibility for compensation; and, in shared-work program, further providing for shared-work plan requirements, for effective period of shared-work plan and for participating employer responsibilities.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for control of outdoor advertising, for removal of prohibited advertising devices and for penalties for violation; and imposing a duty on the Secretary of Transportation to notify the Federal Highway Administration.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 15, 1971 (P.L.596, No.160), known as the Outdoor Advertising Control Act of 1971, further providing for definitions, for control of outdoor advertising, for removal of prohibited advertising devices and for penalties for violation; and imposing a duty on the Secretary of Transportation to notify the Federal Highway Administration.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, providing for apportioned registration renewal; in commercial drivers, further providing for commercial driver's license; in miscellaneous provisions, repealing provisions relating to snow and ice dislodged or falling from moving vehicle and providing for snow and ice; and, in motor carrier safety, repealing provisions relating to findings and declaration of policy and further providing for definitions and for Motor Carrier Safety Advisory Committee.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, providing for apportioned registration renewal; in commercial drivers, further providing for commercial driver's license; in miscellaneous provisions, repealing provisions relating to snow and ice dislodged or falling from moving vehicle and providing for snow and ice; and, in motor carrier safety, repealing provisions relating to findings and declaration of policy and further providing for definitions and for Motor Carrier Safety Advisory Committee.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: To provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Legislative Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021.. Description: An Act to provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Legislative Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2022, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations to the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania.. Description: An Act making appropriations to the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2022, to June 30, 2023, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In other required equipment, further providing for flashing or revolving yellow and white lights.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in other required equipment, further providing for flashing or revolving yellow and white lights.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for uniformity in administration of assistance and regulations as to assistance.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for uniformity in administration of assistance and regulations as to assistance.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, further providing for transfer authority over Lieutenant Governor's Mansion.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, further providing for transfer authority over Lieutenant Governor's Mansion.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for verification form and for enforcement and sanctions; and establishing the Public Works Employment Verification Account.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 5, 2012 (P.L.1086, No.127), known as the Public Works Employment Verification Act, further providing for verification form and for enforcement and sanctions; and establishing the Public Works Employment Verification Account.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Overdose Information Network; providing for implementation and for use; and conferring powers and imposing duties on the Pennsylvania State Police.. Description: An Act establishing the Overdose Information Network; providing for implementation and for use; and conferring powers and imposing duties on the Pennsylvania State Police.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In club licensees, further providing for distribution of proceeds.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 19, 1988 (P.L.1262, No.156), known as the Local Option Small Games of Chance Act, in club licensees, further providing for distribution of proceeds.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In State lottery, further providing for definitions and providing for disclosure of certain prizewinner identities.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in State lottery, further providing for definitions and providing for disclosure of certain prizewinner identities.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for legitimate cannabis-related business.. Description: An Act amending Title 12 (Commerce and Trade) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for legitimate cannabis-related business.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In size, weight and load, further providing for restrictions on use of highways and bridges, for securing loads in vehicles, for widths of vehicles and for permit for movement during course of manufacture; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for promulgation of rules and regulations by department.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in size, weight and load, further providing for restrictions on use of highways and bridges, for securing loads in vehicles, for widths of vehicles and for permit for movement during course of manufacture; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for promulgation of rules and regulations by department.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for access to treatment for sexual assault survivors and for duties of the Department of Health.. Description: An Act providing for access to treatment for sexual assault survivors and for duties of the Department of Health.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for general powers of the State Board of Dentistry.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.216, No.76), known as The Dental Law, further providing for general powers of the State Board of Dentistry.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In domestic and sexual violence victim address confidentiality, further providing for definitions, for persons eligible to apply and for application and certification process.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in domestic and sexual violence victim address confidentiality, further providing for definitions, for persons eligible to apply and for application and certification process.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In forfeiture of assets, further providing for asset forfeiture; in miscellaneous provisions, providing for off-road vehicles in urban municipalities; and, in snowmobiles and all-terrain vehicles, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in forfeiture of assets, further providing for asset forfeiture; in miscellaneous provisions, providing for off-road vehicles in urban municipalities; and, in snowmobiles and all-terrain vehicles, further providing for definitions.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for commission and governing body; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 14, 1992 (P.L.818, No.133), known as the Port of Pittsburgh Commission Act, further providing for definitions and for commission and governing body; and making editorial changes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In registration plates, further providing for USA semiquincentennial registration plates and establishing the Semiquincentennial Restricted Account.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration plates, further providing for USA semiquincentennial registration plates and establishing the Semiquincentennial Restricted Account.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for patient access to diagnostics and treatments for Lyme disease and related tick-borne illnesses; and requiring health care policies to provide certain coverage.. Description: An Act providing for patient access to diagnostics and treatments for Lyme disease and related tick-borne illnesses; and requiring health care policies to provide certain coverage.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for sport activities in public institutions of higher education and public school entities to be expressly designated male, female or coed; and creating causes of action for harm suffered by designation.. Description: An Act providing for sport activities in public institutions of higher education and public school entities to be expressly designated male, female or coed; and creating causes of action for harm suffered by designation.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In military educational programs, establishing the Military College Educational Assistance Program; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in military educational programs, establishing the Military College Educational Assistance Program; and making editorial changes.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for barber training through career and technical center.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 19, 1931 (P.L.589, No.202), referred to as the Barbers' License Law, providing for barber training through career and technical center.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for cosmetology training through career and technical center.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 3, 1933 (P.L.242, No.86), referred to as the Cosmetology Law, providing for cosmetology training through career and technical center.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In county boards of elections, further providing for expenses of county boards and of primaries and elections to be paid by county, expenses of special elections and boards to be provided with offices; in voting by qualified absentee electors, further providing for date of application for absentee ballot and for voting by absentee electors; and, in voting by qualified mail-in electors, further providing for voting by mail-in electors.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in county boards of elections, further providing for expenses of county boards and of primaries and elections to be paid by county, expenses of special elections and boards to be provided with offices; in voting by qualified absentee electors, further providing for date of application for absentee ballot and for voting by absentee electors; and, in voting by qualified mail-in electors, further providing for voting by mail-in electors.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In casualty insurance, providing for coverage for refill of prescription eye drops.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in casualty insurance, providing for coverage for refill of prescription eye drops.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Preventing the Commonwealth from dealing with persons associated with the Government of Russia or the Government of Belarus; and imposing duties on the Treasury Department and the Attorney General.. Description: An Act preventing the Commonwealth from dealing with persons associated with the Government of Russia or the Government of Belarus; and imposing duties on the Treasury Department and the Attorney General.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for payment of court costs, restitution and fines and for collection of court costs, restitution and fines by private collection agency.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for payment of court costs, restitution and fines and for collection of court costs, restitution and fines by private collection agency.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for malt and brewed beverages manufacturers', distributors' and importing distributors' licenses, for renewal of licenses and temporary provisions for licensees in armed service and for rights of municipalities preserved.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for malt and brewed beverages manufacturers', distributors' and importing distributors' licenses, for renewal of licenses and temporary provisions for licensees in armed service and for rights of municipalities preserved.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In insurance holding companies, further providing for definitions, for acquisition of control of or merger or consolidation with domestic insurer and for registration of insurers, providing for group capital calculation exemptions, further providing for standards and management of an insurer within an insurance holding company system, for group-wide supervision for international insurance groups and for confidential treatment and providing for compliance with group capital calculation and liquidity stress test requirements; and providing for peer-to-peer carsharing.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in insurance holding companies, further providing for definitions, for acquisition of control of or merger or consolidation with domestic insurer and for registration of insurers, providing for group capital calculation exemptions, further providing for standards and management of an insurer within an insurance holding company system, for group-wide supervision for international insurance groups and for confidential treatment and providing for compliance with group capital calculation and liquidity stress test requirements; and providing for peer-to-peer carsharing.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In casualty insurance, further providing for coverage for mammographic examinations and diagnostic breast imaging.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in casualty insurance, further providing for coverage for mammographic examinations and diagnostic breast imaging.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In comprehensive health care for uninsured children, further providing for contracts and coverage packages.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in comprehensive health care for uninsured children, further providing for contracts and coverage packages.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for extensive amendments to the very small meat processor Federal inspection reimbursement grant program; in agriculture and youth development, further providing for definitions and for grants; in Commonwealth Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, further providing for Commonwealth Specialty Crop Block Grant Fund; in Urban Agricultural Infrastructure Grant Program, further providing for legislative intent, for definitions, for grant program and for distribution of grant money; and, in Farm-to-School Program, further providing for findings and declarations, for grant program and for applications and review of applications.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for extensive amendments to the very small meat processor Federal inspection reimbursement grant program; in agriculture and youth development, further providing for definitions and for grants; in Commonwealth Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, further providing for Commonwealth Specialty Crop Block Grant Fund; in Urban Agricultural Infrastructure Grant Program, further providing for legislative intent, for definitions, for grant program and for distribution of grant money; and, in Farm-to-School Program, further providing for findings and declarations, for grant program and for applications and review of applications.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In race horse industry reform, further providing for State Horse Racing Commission.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in race horse industry reform, further providing for State Horse Racing Commission.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for parental notification relating to instructional materials and books containing sexually explicit content.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for parental notification relating to instructional materials and books containing sexually explicit content.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for economics and personal finance course graduation requirement and further providing for economic education and personal financial literacy programs; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for economics and personal finance course graduation requirement and further providing for economic education and personal financial literacy programs; and abrogating regulations.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for student well-being.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, providing for student well-being.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In diesel-powered equipment, further providing for schedule of maintenance.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 7, 2008 (P.L.654, No.55), known as the Bituminous Coal Mine Safety Act, in diesel-powered equipment, further providing for schedule of maintenance.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, further providing for curriculum and training.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, further providing for curriculum and training.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 19, 1995 (P.L.33, No.3), known as the Economic Development Agency, Fiduciary and Lender Environmental Liability Protection Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for conditional funding for State-related universities for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2022, and ending June 30, 2023, for costs basis, for frequency of payments and for recordkeeping requirements; imposing a duty on the Auditor General; providing for financial statements, for the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund and for restrictions; and making appropriations.. Description: An Act providing for conditional funding for State-related universities for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2022, and ending June 30, 2023, for costs basis, for frequency of payments and for recordkeeping requirements; imposing a duty on the Auditor General; providing for financial statements, for the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund and for restrictions; and making appropriations.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for funding for State-related universities for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2022, and ending June 30, 2023, for costs basis, for frequency of payments and for recordkeeping requirements; imposing a duty on the Auditor General; providing for financial statements, for the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund and for restrictions; and making appropriations.. Description: An Act providing for funding for State-related universities for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2022, and ending June 30, 2023, for costs basis, for frequency of payments and for recordkeeping requirements; imposing a duty on the Auditor General; providing for financial statements, for the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund and for restrictions; and making appropriations.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for salon area.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 3, 1933 (P.L.242, No.86), referred to as the Cosmetology Law, providing for salon area.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8536, carrying Locust Street (Pennsylvania Route 869) over Topper Run, located in Adams Township, Cambria County, as the Corporal William T. Costlow, Sr., Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8536, carrying Locust Street (Pennsylvania Route 869) over Topper Run, located in Adams Township, Cambria County, as the Corporal William T. Costlow, Sr., Memorial Bridge.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for Indigent Defense Advisory Committee; and establishing the Indigent Defense Grant Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 22, 1978 (P.L.1166, No.274), referred to as the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency Law, providing for Indigent Defense Advisory Committee; and establishing the Indigent Defense Grant Program.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for imposition of tax and for taxability of estates, trusts and their beneficiaries.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for imposition of tax and for taxability of estates, trusts and their beneficiaries.
In 2022, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In casualty insurance, providing for coverage for BRCA-related genetic counseling and testing.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in casualty insurance, providing for coverage for BRCA-related genetic counseling and testing.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting permanent rules for the House of Representatives, further providing for time of meeting, for order of business, for fiscal notes, for general appropriation bill and non-preferred bills, for consideration of bills, for amendments, for bills amended by the Senate, for hospital and home appropriations or acquiring lands of the Commonwealth, for House and concurrent resolutions, for standing committees and subcommittees, for powers and duties of standing committees and subcommittees, for Government Oversight Committee, for investigations, for privileged motions, for lay on the table, for division of a question, for financial interests in gaming entities, for electric roll call and for Committee on Ethics; and providing for temporary rules relating to roll call votes, to voting meetings of committees, to consideration of bills, third consideration and final passage bills and conference committee reports and remote participation.. Description: A Resolution adopting permanent rules for the House of Representatives, further providing for time of meeting, for order of business, for fiscal notes, for general appropriation bill and non-preferred bills, for consideration of bills, for amendments, for bills amended by the Senate, for hospital and home appropriations or acquiring lands of the Commonwealth, for House and concurrent resolutions, for standing committees and subcommittees, for powers and duties of standing committees and subcommittees, for Government Oversight Committee, for investigations, for privileged motions, for lay on the table, for division of a question, for financial interests in gaming entities, for electric roll call and for Committee on Ethics; and providing for temporary rules relating to roll call votes, to voting meetings of committees, to consideration of bills, third consideration and final passage bills and conference committee reports and remote participation.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the appointment of members to the Standing Committees of the House of Representatives.. Description: A Resolution providing for the appointment of members to the Standing Committees of the House of Representatives.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a thorough and comprehensive analysis of the current school bus driver industry and provide recommendations as to how the Commonwealth can effectively address the shortage of school bus drivers.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a thorough and comprehensive analysis of the current school bus driver industry and provide recommendations as to how the Commonwealth can effectively address the shortage of school bus drivers.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and legacy of the former two-term Governor of Pennsylvania, Richard "Dick" Thornburgh, who passed away December 31, 2020, at 88 years of age.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and legacy of the former two-term Governor of Pennsylvania, Richard "Dick" Thornburgh, who passed away December 31, 2020, at 88 years of age.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Select Committee on the Jobs of the Future to investigate, review and make findings and recommendations regarding opportunities for the development of new industries, including advanced manufacturing, in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution establishing the Select Committee on the Jobs of the Future to investigate, review and make findings and recommendations regarding opportunities for the development of new industries, including advanced manufacturing, in this Commonwealth.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study to review the availability of dental services in rural areas of this Commonwealth and to provide a report detailing the options for improving access to oral health care services.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study to review the availability of dental services in rural areas of this Commonwealth and to provide a report detailing the options for improving access to oral health care services.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on the impact of common interest ownership communities on local governments and the Commonwealth, the challenges facing residents and governing bodies of common interest ownership communities and opportunities for the Commonwealth to assist local governments and common interest ownership communities to deliver adequate services to their residents at an affordable cost.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on the impact of common interest ownership communities on local governments and the Commonwealth, the challenges facing residents and governing bodies of common interest ownership communities and opportunities for the Commonwealth to assist local governments and common interest ownership communities to deliver adequate services to their residents at an affordable cost.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a comprehensive study of the regulatory waivers and suspensions issued by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs during the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a comprehensive study of the regulatory waivers and suspensions issued by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs during the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Select Committee on Publication of Constitutional Amendments to examine, investigate and make a complete study of the publication of constitutional amendments under Section 1 of Article XI of the Constitution of Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution establishing the Select Committee on Publication of Constitutional Amendments to examine, investigate and make a complete study of the publication of constitutional amendments under Section 1 of Article XI of the Constitution of Pennsylvania.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution urging the Secretary of the Navy to designate Philadelphia and both banks of the Delaware River as the site of the main celebration of the 250th birthdays of the United States Navy and the United States Marine Corps in October and November 2025.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution urging the Secretary of the Navy to designate Philadelphia and both banks of the Delaware River as the site of the main celebration of the 250th birthdays of the United States Navy and the United States Marine Corps in October and November 2025.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Appointing and empowering the Judiciary Committee to conduct an investigation.. Description: A Resolution appointing and empowering the Judiciary Committee to conduct an investigation.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Beseeching the Congress of the United States to pass H.R.1656, the Treatment and Relief through Emerging and Accessible Therapy for PTSD Act.. Description: A Resolution beseeching the Congress of the United States to pass H.R.1656, the Treatment and Relief through Emerging and Accessible Therapy for PTSD Act.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution terminating the March 6, 2020, proclamation of disaster emergency, as amended and renewed, issued under the hand and seal of the Governor, Thomas Westerman Wolf.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution terminating the March 6, 2020, proclamation of disaster emergency, as amended and renewed, issued under the hand and seal of the Governor, Thomas Westerman Wolf.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Commission on Sentencing to conduct a thorough and comprehensive study on the investigation, prosecution and sentencing of violations of Pennsylvania Uniform Firearms Act of 1995 in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution directing the Commission on Sentencing to conduct a thorough and comprehensive study on the investigation, prosecution and sentencing of violations of Pennsylvania Uniform Firearms Act of 1995 in this Commonwealth.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Pennsylvania Supreme Court to improve its rules to more effectively promote public confidence in the integrity of the judiciary, judicial employees and attorneys formerly employed by government entities.. Description: A Resolution urging the Pennsylvania Supreme Court to improve its rules to more effectively promote public confidence in the integrity of the judiciary, judicial employees and attorneys formerly employed by government entities.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life of Congressman William Floyd Clinger, Jr., and expressing condolences.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life of Congressman William Floyd Clinger, Jr., and expressing condolences.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study and make recommendations concerning the development and implementation of an integrated child welfare information system for child welfare programs overseen by the Department of Human Services and administered by county children and youth agencies.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study and make recommendations concerning the development and implementation of an integrated child welfare information system for child welfare programs overseen by the Department of Human Services and administered by county children and youth agencies.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution establishing the Task Force on Women Veterans' Health Care within the Joint State Government Commission.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution establishing the Task Force on Women Veterans' Health Care within the Joint State Government Commission.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and issue a report comparing the Department of Transportation's practices in maintaining and completing infrastructure projects to other similar states.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and issue a report comparing the Department of Transportation's practices in maintaining and completing infrastructure projects to other similar states.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on August 31, 2021, in response to the aftereffects of Hurricane Ida.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on August 31, 2021, in response to the aftereffects of Hurricane Ida.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of former Pennsylvania Governor and United States Attorney General Richard "Dick" Lewis Thornburgh.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of former Pennsylvania Governor and United States Attorney General Richard "Dick" Lewis Thornburgh.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the temporary Rules of the House of Representatives, further providing for applicability, for voting by designation on the floor of the house, for voting by designation in committee, for consideration of bills, third consideration and final passage of bills and conference committee reports, for remote participation and for expiration.. Description: A Resolution amending the temporary Rules of the House of Representatives, further providing for applicability, for voting by designation on the floor of the house, for voting by designation in committee, for consideration of bills, third consideration and final passage of bills and conference committee reports, for remote participation and for expiration.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a comprehensive study and review of the State Board of Nursing.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a comprehensive study and review of the State Board of Nursing.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to exercise its authority under section 211 (o) (7) (A) (i) of the Clean Air Act to revise the nationwide Renewable Fuel Standard ("RFS") updating volume mandates to provide relief to refiners in Pennsylvania, the East Coast and elsewhere, and to implement additional reforms going forward which will allow for the blending of renewable fuels consistent with the original intention of the RFS program, while containing costs for independent refiners.. Description: A Resolution urging the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to exercise its authority under section 211 (o) (7) (A) (i) of the Clean Air Act to revise the nationwide Renewable Fuel Standard ("RFS") updating volume mandates to provide relief to refiners in Pennsylvania, the East Coast and elsewhere, and to implement additional reforms going forward which will allow for the blending of renewable fuels consistent with the original intention of the RFS program, while containing costs for independent refiners.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to study the costs and methods for permit holders to comply with the proposed revisions to General Permit PAG-07, General Permit PAG-08 and General Permit PAG-09 called for under Pennsylvania's Phase 3 Chesapeake Bay Watershed Implementation Plan and to provide for a moratorium on revisions to General Permit PAG-07, General Permit PAG-08 and General Permit PAG-09 until the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee reports its findings and conclusions to the House of Representatives.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to study the costs and methods for permit holders to comply with the proposed revisions to General Permit PAG-07, General Permit PAG-08 and General Permit PAG-09 called for under Pennsylvania's Phase 3 Chesapeake Bay Watershed Implementation Plan and to provide for a moratorium on revisions to General Permit PAG-07, General Permit PAG-08 and General Permit PAG-09 until the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee reports its findings and conclusions to the House of Representatives.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States to oppose the Treasury Department's proposal to change Internal Revenue Service reporting requirements, which would unnecessarily and harmfully affect financial institutions and their customers in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to oppose the Treasury Department's proposal to change Internal Revenue Service reporting requirements, which would unnecessarily and harmfully affect financial institutions and their customers in this Commonwealth.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of Representative Michael "Mike" Reese.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of Representative Michael "Mike" Reese.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States, the United States Department of Transportation and the Governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to take action on the nationwide school bus driver shortage.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States, the United States Department of Transportation and the Governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to take action on the nationwide school bus driver shortage.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing November 11, 2021, as "Veterans Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing November 11, 2021, as "Veterans Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish an advisory committee to conduct a study on training mandates on public school entities.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish an advisory committee to conduct a study on training mandates on public school entities.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution adopting a population data set without adjusting any group quarters population for use in congressional redistricting legislation.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution adopting a population data set without adjusting any group quarters population for use in congressional redistricting legislation.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the State Council on Interstate Educational Opportunity for Military Children and the Military Interstate Children's Compact Commission to expand eligibility in the Interstate Compact on Educational Opportunity for Military Children to members of the National Guard and Reserve who are not or did not serve on active duty.. Description: A Resolution urging the State Council on Interstate Educational Opportunity for Military Children and the Military Interstate Children's Compact Commission to expand eligibility in the Interstate Compact on Educational Opportunity for Military Children to members of the National Guard and Reserve who are not or did not serve on active duty.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending House Rule 6 T, further providing for expiration.. Description: A Resolution amending House Rule 6 T, further providing for expiration.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on January 28, 2022, in response to the Forbes Avenue/Fern Hollow Bridge Collapse.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on January 28, 2022, in response to the Forbes Avenue/Fern Hollow Bridge Collapse.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a thorough and comprehensive study on the cost of implementing a safety plan for staffing of State correctional institutions on Level 3 and Level 4 housing units in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a thorough and comprehensive study on the cost of implementing a safety plan for staffing of State correctional institutions on Level 3 and Level 4 housing units in this Commonwealth.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States to direct the Federal Emergency Management Agency to update the per capita impact indicator and project thresholds to provide financial support for jurisdictions impacted by flooding and other major disasters, to evaluate cost-sharing adjustments for declared disasters and to implement language to recognize localized disasters extend beyond state borders.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to direct the Federal Emergency Management Agency to update the per capita impact indicator and project thresholds to provide financial support for jurisdictions impacted by flooding and other major disasters, to evaluate cost-sharing adjustments for declared disasters and to implement language to recognize localized disasters extend beyond state borders.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Governors of New York and New Jersey to end anti-pipeline policies that block Pennsylvania natural gas from reaching markets in New England.. Description: A Resolution urging the Governors of New York and New Jersey to end anti-pipeline policies that block Pennsylvania natural gas from reaching markets in New England.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States to fund measures to protect the power grid of the United States from electromagnetic pulse attacks and solar flare incidents.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to fund measures to protect the power grid of the United States from electromagnetic pulse attacks and solar flare incidents.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on January 28, 2022, and extended in whole by the General Assembly until March 31, 2022, in response to the Forbes Avenue/Fern Hollow Bridge Collapse.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution extending in whole the disaster emergency declared on January 28, 2022, and extended in whole by the General Assembly until March 31, 2022, in response to the Forbes Avenue/Fern Hollow Bridge Collapse.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the President of the United States and the Congress of the United States to take measures to increase America's long-term energy affordability and security by ensuring the continued operation and expansion of our oil and gas infrastructure.. Description: A Resolution urging the President of the United States and the Congress of the United States to take measures to increase America's long-term energy affordability and security by ensuring the continued operation and expansion of our oil and gas infrastructure.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States and the United States Environmental Protection Agency to take action and end regulations relating to vehicle emissions testing.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States and the United States Environmental Protection Agency to take action and end regulations relating to vehicle emissions testing.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and service of Lebanon City Police Lieutenant William Lebo.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and service of Lebanon City Police Lieutenant William Lebo.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the memory of law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty.. Description: A Resolution honoring the memory of law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Finding that Philadelphia District Attorney Lawrence Krasner is in contempt of the House of Representatives.. Description: A Resolution finding that Philadelphia District Attorney Lawrence Krasner is in contempt of the House of Representatives.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution recognizing June 19, 2022, as "Korean-American Citizenship Day" in Pennsylvania to celebrate the first naturalization of a Korean-American citizen in 1890.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution recognizing June 19, 2022, as "Korean-American Citizenship Day" in Pennsylvania to celebrate the first naturalization of a Korean-American citizen in 1890.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing a legislative task force on intellectual disabilities, developmental disabilities and autism and directing the Joint State Government Commission to study the impact of this Commonwealth's current delivery of services to individuals with intellectual disabilities, developmental disabilities and autism and to report its findings and recommendations to the House of Representatives.. Description: A Resolution establishing a legislative task force on intellectual disabilities, developmental disabilities and autism and directing the Joint State Government Commission to study the impact of this Commonwealth's current delivery of services to individuals with intellectual disabilities, developmental disabilities and autism and to report its findings and recommendations to the House of Representatives.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing, authorizing and empowering the Select Committee on Restoring Law and Order to investigate, review and make findings and recommendations concerning rising rates of crime, law enforcement and the enforcement of crime victim rights.. Description: A Resolution establishing, authorizing and empowering the Select Committee on Restoring Law and Order to investigate, review and make findings and recommendations concerning rising rates of crime, law enforcement and the enforcement of crime victim rights.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution recognizing the month of September 2022 as "UD Strong Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution recognizing the month of September 2022 as "UD Strong Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a comprehensive study of statutes and regulations promulgated under Titles 23 and 67 of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes and the Human Services Code in the past five years currently in effect in this Commonwealth that have exacerbated trauma in children and families and make recommendations of methods to draft statutes and regulations in a trauma-informed manner to mitigate trauma.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a comprehensive study of statutes and regulations promulgated under Titles 23 and 67 of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes and the Human Services Code in the past five years currently in effect in this Commonwealth that have exacerbated trauma in children and families and make recommendations of methods to draft statutes and regulations in a trauma-informed manner to mitigate trauma.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a holistic study on the benefits of nuclear energy and small modular reactors.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a holistic study on the benefits of nuclear energy and small modular reactors.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Impeaching Lawrence Samuel Krasner, District Attorney of Philadelphia, for misbehavior in office; and providing for the appointment of trial managers.. Description: A Resolution impeaching Lawrence Samuel Krasner, District Attorney of Philadelphia, for misbehavior in office; and providing for the appointment of trial managers.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the Rules of the House of Representatives, further providing for members' and employees' expenses; and amending the Temporary Rules of the House of Representatives, further providing for applicability, for voting by designation on the floor of the House, for voting by designation in committee, for remote participation and for expiration.. Description: A Resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives, further providing for members' and employees' expenses; and amending the Temporary Rules of the House of Representatives, further providing for applicability, for voting by designation on the floor of the House, for voting by designation in committee, for remote participation and for expiration.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting Ethical Conduct Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution adopting Ethical Conduct Rules of the Senate.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting Financial Operating Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution adopting Financial Operating Rules of the Senate.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 205th and 206th Regular Session.. Description: A Resolution adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 205th and 206th Regular Session.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 18 through 24, 2021, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 18 through 24, 2021, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of Pennsylvania State Senator David J. Arnold, Jr.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of Pennsylvania State Senator David J. Arnold, Jr.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to Supplements to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2020, and the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2021, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.. Description: A Resolution adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to Supplements to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2020, and the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2021, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and career of Richard "Dick" Anthony Allen of Wampum, Lawrence County, offering condolences to his friends and family and recognizing his prominence during 15 Major League Baseball seasons in the 1960s and 1970s, with special recognition of his two stints with the Philadelphia Phillies.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and career of Richard "Dick" Anthony Allen of Wampum, Lawrence County, offering condolences to his friends and family and recognizing his prominence during 15 Major League Baseball seasons in the 1960s and 1970s, with special recognition of his two stints with the Philadelphia Phillies.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of former State Senator Stewart J. Greenleaf, Sr.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of former State Senator Stewart J. Greenleaf, Sr.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and issue a report, by 12 months from the date of the adoption of this resolution, on the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation's highway maintenance funding.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and issue a report, by 12 months from the date of the adoption of this resolution, on the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation's highway maintenance funding.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the Rules of the Senate, further providing for temporary emergency Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution amending the Rules of the Senate, further providing for temporary emergency Rules of the Senate.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a performance audit on the provision of 911 communications service under 35 Pa.C.S. Ch. 53.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a performance audit on the provision of 911 communications service under 35 Pa.C.S. Ch. 53.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the Rules of the Senate, further providing for temporary emergency Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution amending the Rules of the Senate, further providing for temporary emergency Rules of the Senate.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2021 as "Cancer Survivors Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania and honoring all cancer survivors for their strength and courage in the face of this devastating illness.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2021 as "Cancer Survivors Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania and honoring all cancer survivors for their strength and courage in the face of this devastating illness.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to exercise its authority under section 211(o)(7)(A)(i) of the Clean Air Act to revise the nationwide Renewable Fuel Standard ("RFS") updating volume mandates to provide relief to refiners in Pennsylvania, the East Coast and elsewhere, and to implement additional reforms going forward which will allow for the blending of renewable fuels consistent with the original intention of the RFS program, while containing costs for independent refiners.. Description: A Resolution urging the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to exercise its authority under section 211(o)(7)(A)(i) of the Clean Air Act to revise the nationwide Renewable Fuel Standard ("RFS") updating volume mandates to provide relief to refiners in Pennsylvania, the East Coast and elsewhere, and to implement additional reforms going forward which will allow for the blending of renewable fuels consistent with the original intention of the RFS program, while containing costs for independent refiners.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the Rules of the Senate, further providing for temporary emergency Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution amending the Rules of the Senate, further providing for temporary emergency Rules of the Senate.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution establishing the 2030 Commission on Education and Economic Competitiveness.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution establishing the 2030 Commission on Education and Economic Competitiveness.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study of the current limitations on liability under 42 Pa.C.S. §§ 8528 and 8553 and issue a report of its findings and recommendations to the Senate.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study of the current limitations on liability under 42 Pa.C.S. §§ 8528 and 8553 and issue a report of its findings and recommendations to the Senate.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution urging the Secretary of the Navy to designate the City of Philadelphia and both banks of the Delaware River as the site of the main celebration of the 250th birthdays of the United States Navy and the United States Marine Corps in October and November 2025.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution urging the Secretary of the Navy to designate the City of Philadelphia and both banks of the Delaware River as the site of the main celebration of the 250th birthdays of the United States Navy and the United States Marine Corps in October and November 2025.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States and the United States Department of Transportation to take action on the nationwide school bus driver shortage.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States and the United States Department of Transportation to take action on the nationwide school bus driver shortage.
In 2021, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States to oppose the proposal to make an unnecessary and harmful change to Internal Revenue Service reporting requirements that affect financial institutions and their customers in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to oppose the proposal to make an unnecessary and harmful change to Internal Revenue Service reporting requirements that affect financial institutions and their customers in this Commonwealth.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 16 through 23, 2022, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 16 through 23, 2022, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the Rules of the Senate, providing for 2022 temporary Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution amending the Rules of the Senate, providing for 2022 temporary Rules of the Senate.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2022, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.. Description: A Resolution adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2022, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the lives and service of Pennsylvania State Police Trooper Martin F. Mack III of Bristol and Pennsylvania State Police Trooper Branden T. Sisca of Trappe.. Description: A Resolution honoring the lives and service of Pennsylvania State Police Trooper Martin F. Mack III of Bristol and Pennsylvania State Police Trooper Branden T. Sisca of Trappe.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and service of Lebanon City Police Lieutenant William Lebo.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and service of Lebanon City Police Lieutenant William Lebo.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct an assessment and analysis of public and private recycling infrastructure and operations across the Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct an assessment and analysis of public and private recycling infrastructure and operations across the Commonwealth.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study of long-term care facilities' impact relating to Medicaid funds in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study of long-term care facilities' impact relating to Medicaid funds in this Commonwealth.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of the Honorable Charles Timothy Shaffer and expressing heartfelt condolences to his many family members, friends and colleagues.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of the Honorable Charles Timothy Shaffer and expressing heartfelt condolences to his many family members, friends and colleagues.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of former State Senator Robert R. Gerhart, Jr., who passed away August 23, 2021, at 100 years of age.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of former State Senator Robert R. Gerhart, Jr., who passed away August 23, 2021, at 100 years of age.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to study and issue a report on the specific data, calculations and mechanisms that the Department of Human Services utilizes to determine the amount of Medical Assistance capitation funding that is ultimately paid to drug and alcohol addiction treatment providers within this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to study and issue a report on the specific data, calculations and mechanisms that the Department of Human Services utilizes to determine the amount of Medical Assistance capitation funding that is ultimately paid to drug and alcohol addiction treatment providers within this Commonwealth.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of Pennsylvania Supreme Court Chief Justice Max Baer.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of Pennsylvania Supreme Court Chief Justice Max Baer.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of the Honorable Jeffrey Paul Pyle and expressing heartfelt condolences to his many family members, friends and colleagues.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of the Honorable Jeffrey Paul Pyle and expressing heartfelt condolences to his many family members, friends and colleagues.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Tony DeLuca.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of former State Representative Tony DeLuca.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of former State Senator Jim Ferlo.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of former State Senator Jim Ferlo.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Proposing special rules of practice and procedure in the Senate when sitting on impeachment trials.. Description: A Resolution proposing special rules of practice and procedure in the Senate when sitting on impeachment trials.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the House of Representatives to Exhibit the Articles of Impeachment.. Description: A Resolution directing the House of Representatives to Exhibit the Articles of Impeachment.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing a Writ of Impeachment Summons to be issued to the Honorable Lawrence Samuel Krasner, District Attorney of Philadelphia.. Description: A Resolution directing a Writ of Impeachment Summons to be issued to the Honorable Lawrence Samuel Krasner, District Attorney of Philadelphia.
In 2022, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of the Honorable T. Milton Street, Sr., and expressing condolences on his passing.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of the Honorable T. Milton Street, Sr., and expressing condolences on his passing.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for health insurance markets oversight; and establishing the Pennsylvania Health Insurance Exchange Fund.. Description: An Act amending Title 40 (Insurance) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for health insurance markets oversight; and establishing the Pennsylvania Health Insurance Exchange Fund.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sales and use tax, further providing for exclusions from tax; in general provisions, further providing for administrative bank attachment for accounts of obligors to the Commonwealth and providing for collection of assessed taxes and for criminal tax prosecutions.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in sales and use tax, further providing for exclusions from tax; in general provisions, further providing for administrative bank attachment for accounts of obligors to the Commonwealth and providing for collection of assessed taxes and for criminal tax prosecutions.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain lands owned by the Borough of Topton, Berks County, in exchange for the imposition of Project 70 restrictions on other lands to be acquired by the Borough of Topton, Berks County; authorizing the transfer of title for certain Project 70 lands owned by Lehigh County to Whitehall Township, Lehigh County; authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain lands owned by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, acting by and through the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, in exchange for the imposition of Project 70 restrictions on other lands to be acquired by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, acting by and through the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey to Monroe County Municipal Waste Management Authority, or its successors or assigns, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Stroud Township, Monroe County; and authorizing the Department of General Services and East Stroudsburg University of the State System of Higher Education, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to East Stroudsburg Borough, a certain permanent public sanitary sewer easement and certain permanent public water supply system easements situate in East Stroudsburg Borough, Monroe County.. Description: An Act authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain lands owned by the Borough of Topton, Berks County, in exchange for the imposition of Project 70 restrictions on other lands to be acquired by the Borough of Topton, Berks County; authorizing the transfer of title for certain Project 70 lands owned by Lehigh County to Whitehall Township, Lehigh County; authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain lands owned by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, acting by and through the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, in exchange for the imposition of Project 70 restrictions on other lands to be acquired by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, acting by and through the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey to Monroe County Municipal Waste Management Authority, or its successors or assigns, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Stroud Township, Monroe County; and authorizing the Department of General Services and East Stroudsburg University of the State System of Higher Education, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to East Stroudsburg Borough, a certain permanent public sanitary sewer easement and certain permanent public water supply system easements situate in East Stroudsburg Borough, Monroe County.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In capital facilities, further providing for bonds, issue of bonds and notes, maturity and interest.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 9, 1999 (P.L.1, No.1), known as the Capital Facilities Debt Enabling Act, in capital facilities, further providing for bonds, issue of bonds and notes, maturity and interest.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for repair obligations, for manufacturer's duty for refund or replacement and for presumption of a reasonable number of attempts.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 28, 1984 (P.L.150, No.28), known as the Automobile Lemon Law, further providing for definitions, for repair obligations, for manufacturer's duty for refund or replacement and for presumption of a reasonable number of attempts.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In anatomical gifts, further providing for The Governor Robert P. Casey Memorial Organ and Tissue Donation Awareness Trust Fund contributions.. Description: An Act amending Title 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in anatomical gifts, further providing for The Governor Robert P. Casey Memorial Organ and Tissue Donation Awareness Trust Fund contributions.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for definitions, for general assistance-related categorically needy and medically needy only medical assistance programs, for the medically needy and determination of eligibility and for medical assistance payments for institutional care; in hospital assessments, further providing for definitions, for authorization, for administration, for no hold harmless, for tax exemption and for time period; and, in Statewide quality care assessment, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for definitions, for general assistance-related categorically needy and medically needy only medical assistance programs, for the medically needy and determination of eligibility and for medical assistance payments for institutional care; in hospital assessments, further providing for definitions, for authorization, for administration, for no hold harmless, for tax exemption and for time period; and, in Statewide quality care assessment, further providing for definitions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for learners' permits and for examination of applicant for driver's license; in rules of the road in general, repealing provisions relating to prohibiting text-based communications, prohibiting use of interactive wireless communications devices and imposing penalties; and, in operation of vehicles miscellaneous provisions, further providing for the offense of homicide by vehicle and for the offense of aggravated assault by vehicle.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for learners' permits and for examination of applicant for driver's license; in rules of the road in general, repealing provisions relating to prohibiting text-based communications, prohibiting use of interactive wireless communications devices and imposing penalties; and, in operation of vehicles miscellaneous provisions, further providing for the offense of homicide by vehicle and for the offense of aggravated assault by vehicle.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for investigation of circumstances of offense and providing for corrections officer statement, testimony and participation in hearing.. Description: An Act amending Title 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for investigation of circumstances of offense and providing for corrections officer statement, testimony and participation in hearing.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In school security, further providing for definitions, for school police officers, for training, for powers and duties, for school resource officers and for school security guards; in high schools, further providing for courses of study; in miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, further providing for Public Higher Education Funding Commission; and, in fostering independence through education, further providing for fostering independence waiver program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school security, further providing for definitions, for school police officers, for training, for powers and duties, for school resource officers and for school security guards; in high schools, further providing for courses of study; in miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, further providing for Public Higher Education Funding Commission; and, in fostering independence through education, further providing for fostering independence waiver program.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Abolishing numerous State authorities, boards, commissions, committees, councils and representatives; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act abolishing numerous State authorities, boards, commissions, committees, councils and representatives; and making related repeals.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In administration of act, providing for unemployment compensation benefit notification by employers, in contributions by employers and employees, further providing for relief from charges; and providing for emergency provisions related to COVID-19.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 5, 1936 (2nd Sp.Sess., 1937 P.L.2897, No.1), known as the Unemployment Compensation Law, in administration of act, providing for unemployment compensation benefit notification by employers, in contributions by employers and employees, further providing for relief from charges; and providing for emergency provisions related to COVID-19.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for definitions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of July 2, 1993 (P.L.345, No.48), entitled "An act empowering the General Counsel or his designee to issue subpoenas for certain licensing board activities; providing for hearing examiners in the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs; providing additional powers to the Commissioner of Professional and Occupational Affairs; and further providing for civil penalties and license suspension," further providing for civil penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 2, 1993 (P.L.345, No.48), entitled "An act empowering the General Counsel or his designee to issue subpoenas for certain licensing board activities; providing for hearing examiners in the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs; providing additional powers to the Commissioner of Professional and Occupational Affairs; and further providing for civil penalties and license suspension," further providing for civil penalties.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 3047 over the South Branch of Blacklick Creek, Blacklick Township, Cambria County, as the Private First Class Steve L. Klosz Memorial Bridge; designating the 2100 to 2200 block of Castor Avenue, State Route 1005, in Philadelphia County as the Police Officer Raymond Diaz, Jr., Memorial Highway; designating the portion of Interstate 376 from the end of the bridge identified as Bridge Key 3522 to the exit at State Route 51 in Beaver County, as the Richard L. Shaw Memorial Highway; designating the bridge identified as Bridge Key 3522 on that portion of Interstate 376 over the Ohio River in Vanport Township, Beaver County, as the USAF Combat Controller Staff Sgt. Dylan Elchin Memorial Bridge; designating the first block of West Main Street, State Route 1010, in Fleetwood Borough, Berks County, as the Alex J. Szoke Highway; designating the bridge identified as Bridge Key 15986 on that portion of Interstate 79 northbound over West 16th Street in the City of Erie, Erie County, as the Thomas J. Kennedy, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge on that portion of State Route 4011 over Pine Creek, Hegins Township, Schuylkill County, as the A. Donald Buffington Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 144 beginning at the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 64 in Pleasant Gap and ending at the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 45 in Centre Hall, Centre County, as the Duster-Quad 50-Searchlight Highway; and designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 50 in Independence Township, Washington County, as the Lt. Col. Juanita L. Warman Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 3047 over the South Branch of Blacklick Creek, Blacklick Township, Cambria County, as the Private First Class Steve L. Klosz Memorial Bridge; designating the 2100 to 2200 block of Castor Avenue, State Route 1005, in Philadelphia County as the Police Officer Raymond Diaz, Jr., Memorial Highway; designating the portion of Interstate 376 from the end of the bridge identified as Bridge Key 3522 to the exit at State Route 51 in Beaver County, as the Richard L. Shaw Memorial Highway; designating the bridge identified as Bridge Key 3522 on that portion of Interstate 376 over the Ohio River in Vanport Township, Beaver County, as the USAF Combat Controller Staff Sgt. Dylan Elchin Memorial Bridge; designating the first block of West Main Street, State Route 1010, in Fleetwood Borough, Berks County, as the Alex J. Szoke Highway; designating the bridge identified as Bridge Key 15986 on that portion of Interstate 79 northbound over West 16th Street in the City of Erie, Erie County, as the Thomas J. Kennedy, Jr., Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge on that portion of State Route 4011 over Pine Creek, Hegins Township, Schuylkill County, as the A. Donald Buffington Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 144 beginning at the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 64 in Pleasant Gap and ending at the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 45 in Centre Hall, Centre County, as the Duster-Quad 50-Searchlight Highway; and designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 50 in Independence Township, Washington County, as the Lt. Col. Juanita L. Warman Memorial Highway.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of Peg Run Road, Pennsylvania Route 240, over the West Branch of the Susquehanna River, Susquehanna Township, Cambria County, as the United States Army Sergeant Scott O. Henry Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of Peg Run Road, Pennsylvania Route 240, over the West Branch of the Susquehanna River, Susquehanna Township, Cambria County, as the United States Army Sergeant Scott O. Henry Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for certification of central service technicians; imposing continuing education requirements on central service technicians; providing for duties of health care facilities and the Department of Health; and regulating the practice of surgical technology and surgical technologists.. Description: An Act providing for certification of central service technicians; imposing continuing education requirements on central service technicians; providing for duties of health care facilities and the Department of Health; and regulating the practice of surgical technology and surgical technologists.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of March 4, 1970 (P.L.128, No.49), entitled "An act granting to the Governor of the Commonwealth the sole authority for regulating the display of the flag of the United States from any public ground or building and from any ground or building of certain other institutions," further providing for the display of the official POW/MIA flag on Commonwealth grounds or buildings.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1970 (P.L.128, No.49), entitled "An act granting to the Governor of the Commonwealth the sole authority for regulating the display of the flag of the United States from any public ground or building and from any ground or building of certain other institutions," further providing for the display of the official POW/MIA flag on Commonwealth grounds or buildings.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In minors, further providing for the offense of sale of tobacco and for the offense of use of tobacco in schools; and, in preemptions relating to municipalities, further providing for tobacco.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in minors, further providing for the offense of sale of tobacco and for the offense of use of tobacco in schools; and, in preemptions relating to municipalities, further providing for tobacco.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for Certified Registered Nurse Practitioner Pilot Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 22, 1951 (P.L.317, No.69), known as The Professional Nursing Law, providing for Certified Registered Nurse Practitioner Pilot Program.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In hunting and furtaking licenses, further providing for eligibility for license.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in hunting and furtaking licenses, further providing for eligibility for license.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In subdivision and land development, providing for nonbuilding lots.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 31, 1968 (P.L.805, No.247), known as the Pennsylvania Municipalities Planning Code, in subdivision and land development, providing for nonbuilding lots.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Independent Fiscal Office, further providing for revenue estimates.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Independent Fiscal Office, further providing for revenue estimates.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the establishment of first-time home buyer savings accounts for first-time home buyers in this Commonwealth.. Description: An Act providing for the establishment of first-time home buyer savings accounts for first-time home buyers in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for wine and spirits auction permits, for malt and brewed beverages manufacturers', distributors' and importing distributors' licenses, for breweries and for rights of municipalities preserved; in distilleries, wineries, bonded warehouses, bailees for hire and transporters for hire, further providing for limited wineries, for distilleries and for records to be kept; in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for construction and applicability; and abrogating regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for wine and spirits auction permits, for malt and brewed beverages manufacturers', distributors' and importing distributors' licenses, for breweries and for rights of municipalities preserved; in distilleries, wineries, bonded warehouses, bailees for hire and transporters for hire, further providing for limited wineries, for distilleries and for records to be kept; in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for construction and applicability; and abrogating regulations.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for drug overdose response immunity.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 14, 1972 (P.L.233, No.64), known as The Controlled Substance, Drug, Device and Cosmetic Act, further providing for drug overdose response immunity.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for qualifications for license and examinations for physical therapists and physical therapist assistants.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 10, 1975 (P.L.383, No.110), known as the Physical Therapy Practice Act, further providing for qualifications for license and examinations for physical therapists and physical therapist assistants.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In offenses against the family, further providing for the offense of dealing in infant children.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in offenses against the family, further providing for the offense of dealing in infant children.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In lighting equipment, further providing for general lighting requirements; and, in inspection of vehicles, further providing for requirement for periodic inspection of vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in lighting equipment, further providing for general lighting requirements; and, in inspection of vehicles, further providing for requirement for periodic inspection of vehicles.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for medication synchronization.. Description: An Act amending Title 40 (Insurance) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for medication synchronization.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing integrated amendments to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, organizing the Judiciary into representative districts and further providing for residency requirements.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing integrated amendments to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, organizing the Judiciary into representative districts and further providing for residency requirements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission and the Governor, to grant and convey to French Azilum, Inc., certain lands situate in Asylum Township, Bradford County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission and the Governor, to grant and convey to French Azilum, Inc., certain lands situate in Asylum Township, Bradford County.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a portion of U.S. Route 220 along the Sullivan County and Bradford County line as the T.W. "Doc" Shoemaker Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating a portion of U.S. Route 220 along the Sullivan County and Bradford County line as the T.W. "Doc" Shoemaker Memorial Highway.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In nomination of candidates, further providing for number of signers required for nomination petitions of candidates at primaries; in ballots, further providing for form of ballots, printing. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in nomination of candidates, further providing for number of signers required for nomination petitions of candidates at primaries; in ballots, further providing for form of ballots, printing
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In special powers and duties of the county, further providing for flags to decorate graves.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 28, 1953 (P.L.723, No.230), known as the Second Class County Code, in special powers and duties of the county, further providing for flags to decorate graves.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In petition for adoption, further providing for consents necessary to adoption; in support matters generally, further providing for costs and fees and for State disbursement unit; and, in child protective services, further proving for employees having contact with children, adoptive and foster parents and for volunteers having contact with children.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in petition for adoption, further providing for consents necessary to adoption; in support matters generally, further providing for costs and fees and for State disbursement unit; and, in child protective services, further proving for employees having contact with children, adoptive and foster parents and for volunteers having contact with children.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of June 27, 1991 (P.L.70, No.10), entitled "An act requiring the superintendent of every public school district to make available, upon request, lists of graduating seniors to armed forces recruiters; and providing a penalty for the misuse of any such lists," further providing for title and for legislative intent; providing for short title and for definitions; and further providing for list of seniors to be compiled, for optional compliance by nonpublic schools and for reimbursement of costs.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 27, 1991 (P.L.70, No.10), entitled "An act requiring the superintendent of every public school district to make available, upon request, lists of graduating seniors to armed forces recruiters; and providing a penalty for the misuse of any such lists," further providing for title and for legislative intent; providing for short title and for definitions; and further providing for list of seniors to be compiled, for optional compliance by nonpublic schools and for reimbursement of costs.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In resource enhancement and protection tax credit, further providing for definitions and for Resource Enhancement and Protection Tax Credit Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in resource enhancement and protection tax credit, further providing for definitions and for Resource Enhancement and Protection Tax Credit Program.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of assault by prisoner; in sexual offenses, further providing for the offense of institutional sexual assault; and, in registration of sexual offenders, further providing for sexual offenses and tier system.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of assault by prisoner; in sexual offenses, further providing for the offense of institutional sexual assault; and, in registration of sexual offenders, further providing for sexual offenses and tier system.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of assault by prisoner.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of assault by prisoner.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sales and use tax, further providing for definitions, for imposition of tax, for exclusions from tax, for licenses, for persons required to make returns, for tax held in trust for the Commonwealth, for assessment, for collection of tax and for crimes and providing for class actions; in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income, providing for contributions for Veterans' Trust Fund, further providing for returns of married individuals, deceased or disabled individuals and fiduciaries and providing for paid tax return preparers and required information on personal income tax returns; in corporate net income tax, further providing for manufacturing innovation and reinvestment deduction; in realty transfer tax, further providing for definitions and for excluded transactions and providing for transfer of tax; in entertainment production tax credit, further providing for definitions, for carryover, carryback and assignment of credit, for limitations, for film production tax credit districts, for definitions, for carryover, carryback and assignment of tax credit and for limitations; in resource enhancement and protection tax credit, further providing for definitions, for Resource Enhancement and Protection Tax Credit Program, for tax credits, for project certification and for annual tax credits; in historic preservation incentive tax credit, further providing for definitions and for tax credit certificates, establishing the Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credit Administration Account, further providing for carryover, carryback and assignment of credit, for pass-through entity, providing for annual report to General Assembly, further providing for application of Internal Revenue Code and for limitation and providing for recapture; in coal refuse energy and reclamation tax credit, further providing for definitions, for application and approval of tax credit and for limitation on tax credits; in tax credit for new jobs, further providing for application process; in city revitalization and improvement zones, further providing for definitions and for restrictions; in manufacturing and investment tax credit, further providing for definitions, for rural growth funds, for requirements, for rural growth fund failure to comply, for reporting obligations, for business firms, for tax credit certificates, for claiming the tax credit, for prohibitions, for revocation of tax credit certificates and for exit; in neighborhood assistance tax credit, further providing for definitions, for public policy and for tax credit; in keystone opportunity zones, keystone opportunity expansion zones and keystone opportunity improvement zones, providing for additional designations; in mixed-use development tax credit, further providing for mixed-use development tax credits; in inheritance tax, further providing for inheritance tax; in table game taxes, reenacting provisions relating to table game taxes and further providing for expiration; in strategic development areas, further providing for sales and use tax and for local sales and use tax; in computer data center equipment incentive program, further providing for limitations; providing for independent public schools; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in sales and use tax, further providing for definitions, for imposition of tax, for exclusions from tax, for licenses, for persons required to make returns, for tax held in trust for the Commonwealth, for assessment, for collection of tax and for crimes and providing for class actions; in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income, providing for contributions for Veterans' Trust Fund, further providing for returns of married individuals, deceased or disabled individuals and fiduciaries and providing for paid tax return preparers and required information on personal income tax returns; in corporate net income tax, further providing for manufacturing innovation and reinvestment deduction; in realty transfer tax, further providing for definitions and for excluded transactions and providing for transfer of tax; in entertainment production tax credit, further providing for definitions, for carryover, carryback and assignment of credit, for limitations, for film production tax credit districts, for definitions, for carryover, carryback and assignment of tax credit and for limitations; in resource enhancement and protection tax credit, further providing for definitions, for Resource Enhancement and Protection Tax Credit Program, for tax credits, for project certification and for annual tax credits; in historic preservation incentive tax credit, further providing for definitions and for tax credit certificates, establishing the Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credit Administration Account, further providing for carryover, carryback and assignment of credit, for pass-through entity, providing for annual report to General Assembly, further providing for application of Internal Revenue Code and for limitation and providing for recapture; in coal refuse energy and reclamation tax credit, further providing for definitions, for application and approval of tax credit and for limitation on tax credits; in tax credit for new jobs, further providing for application process; in city revitalization and improvement zones, further providing for definitions and for restrictions; in manufacturing and investment tax credit, further providing for definitions, for rural growth funds, for requirements, for rural growth fund failure to comply, for reporting obligations, for business firms, for tax credit certificates, for claiming the tax credit, for prohibitions, for revocation of tax credit certificates and for exit; in neighborhood assistance tax credit, further providing for definitions, for public policy and for tax credit; in keystone opportunity zones, keystone opportunity expansion zones and keystone opportunity improvement zones, providing for additional designations; in mixed-use development tax credit, further providing for mixed-use development tax credits; in inheritance tax, further providing for inheritance tax; in table game taxes, reenacting provisions relating to table game taxes and further providing for expiration; in strategic development areas, further providing for sales and use tax and for local sales and use tax; in computer data center equipment incentive program, further providing for limitations; providing for independent public schools; and making a related repeal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In municipal authorities, further providing for money of authority.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in municipal authorities, further providing for money of authority.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, providing for career information and recruitment; in terms and courses of study, further providing for Commission for Agricultural Education Excellence; in vocational education, further providing for advisory committees, providing for a workforce development program clearinghouse and for PAsmart online career resource center, further providing for career and technical education equipment grants and providing for utilization of credits; establishing the Schools-to-Work Program and providing for powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry; providing for classification of program code; in transfers of credits between institutions of higher education, further providing for definitions, for duties of public institutions of higher education and State-related institutions, for Transfer and Articulation Oversight Committee and for duties of department; replacing references to "vocational-technical" with "career and technical," replacing references to "vocational" with "career and technical" and replacing references to "vocation" with "career and technical"; deleting references to vocational school districts; and renaming the State Board for Vocational Education as the State Board of Career and Technical Education.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, providing for career information and recruitment; in terms and courses of study, further providing for Commission for Agricultural Education Excellence; in vocational education, further providing for advisory committees, providing for a workforce development program clearinghouse and for PAsmart online career resource center, further providing for career and technical education equipment grants and providing for utilization of credits; establishing the Schools-to-Work Program and providing for powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry; providing for classification of program code; in transfers of credits between institutions of higher education, further providing for definitions, for duties of public institutions of higher education and State-related institutions, for Transfer and Articulation Oversight Committee and for duties of department; replacing references to "vocational-technical" with "career and technical," replacing references to "vocational" with "career and technical" and replacing references to "vocation" with "career and technical"; deleting references to vocational school districts; and renaming the State Board for Vocational Education as the State Board of Career and Technical Education.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In realty transfer tax, further providing for excluded transactions.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in realty transfer tax, further providing for excluded transactions.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Early Intervention Program, further providing for definitions, for program objectives and for authorization; in municipal financial distress, further providing for limitation of status; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 10, 1987 (P.L.246, No.47), known as the Municipalities Financial Recovery Act, in Early Intervention Program, further providing for definitions, for program objectives and for authorization; in municipal financial distress, further providing for limitation of status; and making an editorial change.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, providing for rights of victims of crime.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, providing for rights of victims of crime.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 14 over Fall Brook, Troy Borough, Bradford County, as the Troy Area Veterans Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 14 over Fall Brook, Troy Borough, Bradford County, as the Troy Area Veterans Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In particular rights and immunities, further providing for rescue from motor vehicle.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in particular rights and immunities, further providing for rescue from motor vehicle.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In determination of compensation, appeals, reviews and procedure, further providing for determination of compensation appeals and for decision of referee and further appeals and reviews.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 5, 1936 (2nd Sp.Sess., 1937 P.L.2897, No.1), known as the Unemployment Compensation Law, in determination of compensation, appeals, reviews and procedure, further providing for determination of compensation appeals and for decision of referee and further appeals and reviews.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in procedure, further providing for written requests; and, in judicial review, further providing for fee limitations.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 14, 2008 (P.L.6, No.3), known as the Right-to-Know Law, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in procedure, further providing for written requests; and, in judicial review, further providing for fee limitations.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in powers and duties of Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, further providing for specific powers and duties, for personal property and for documents, providing for Commonwealth archival records, for local government archival records and for access to older public records; and, in historic properties, further providing for title to historic property and for powers over certain historic property.. Description: An Act amending Title 37 (Historical and Museums) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in powers and duties of Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, further providing for specific powers and duties, for personal property and for documents, providing for Commonwealth archival records, for local government archival records and for access to older public records; and, in historic properties, further providing for title to historic property and for powers over certain historic property.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income relating to employee stock ownership plans.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income relating to employee stock ownership plans.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In offenses against the family, further providing for the offense of concealing death of child.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in offenses against the family, further providing for the offense of concealing death of child.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Advisory Council on PANDAS and PANS; and providing for the duties of the Advisory Council on PANDAS and PANS.. Description: An Act establishing the Advisory Council on PANDAS and PANS; and providing for the duties of the Advisory Council on PANDAS and PANS.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for adoption and foster care tax credit.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, providing for adoption and foster care tax credit.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, providing for career information and recruitment.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, providing for career information and recruitment.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In hunting and furtaking, further providing for penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in hunting and furtaking, further providing for penalties.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for an inventory of State-owned assets and county-owned assets for the development of mobile broadband services in unserved areas and underserved areas of this Commonwealth and for the Statewide Mobile Radio and Microwave System.. Description: An Act providing for an inventory of State-owned assets and county-owned assets for the development of mobile broadband services in unserved areas and underserved areas of this Commonwealth and for the Statewide Mobile Radio and Microwave System.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sexual offenses, providing for the offense of female mutilation.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sexual offenses, providing for the offense of female mutilation.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for unlawful acts and penalties, for blocking of caller identification and other telemarketing screening products or services prohibited and for unwanted telephone solicitation calls prohibited.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 4, 1996 (P.L.911, No.147), known as the Telemarketer Registration Act, further providing for definitions, for unlawful acts and penalties, for blocking of caller identification and other telemarketing screening products or services prohibited and for unwanted telephone solicitation calls prohibited.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing microenterprise loan programs and abating real property assessment.. Description: An Act amending Title 72 (Taxation and Fiscal Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing microenterprise loan programs and abating real property assessment.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In distilleries, wineries, bonded warehouses, bailees for hire and transporters for hire, establishing the Pennsylvania Distilled Spirits Industry Promotion Board.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in distilleries, wineries, bonded warehouses, bailees for hire and transporters for hire, establishing the Pennsylvania Distilled Spirits Industry Promotion Board.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in licenses and regulations, liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, providing for prepared beverages and mixed drinks for off-premises consumption during disaster emergency and reenacting provisions relating to local option.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in licenses and regulations, liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, providing for prepared beverages and mixed drinks for off-premises consumption during disaster emergency and reenacting provisions relating to local option.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Flood Insurance Premium Assistance Task Force.. Description: An Act establishing the Flood Insurance Premium Assistance Task Force.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making editorial changes to incorrect references.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 27, 2006 (1st Sp.Sess., P.L.1873, No.1), known as the Taxpayer Relief Act, making editorial changes to incorrect references.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In jurisdiction of appellate courts, providing for commerce court program; and, in organization and jurisdiction of courts of common pleas, providing for commerce courts.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in jurisdiction of appellate courts, providing for commerce court program; and, in organization and jurisdiction of courts of common pleas, providing for commerce courts.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, further providing for Commission for Agricultural Education Excellence; in vocational education, providing for utilization of credits; and providing for classification of program code.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, further providing for Commission for Agricultural Education Excellence; in vocational education, providing for utilization of credits; and providing for classification of program code.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, providing for advertising; and, in charter schools, further providing for definitions, for charter school requirements and for powers of board of trustees and providing for fund balance limits.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, providing for advertising; and, in charter schools, further providing for definitions, for charter school requirements and for powers of board of trustees and providing for fund balance limits.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of December 1, 2004 (P.L.1766, No.227), entitled "An act authorizing cities of the first class that have adopted a home rule charter to enforce ordinances, rules and regulations prohibiting dumping or disposal of waste, trash or debris," further providing for enforcement of trash laws.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 1, 2004 (P.L.1766, No.227), entitled "An act authorizing cities of the first class that have adopted a home rule charter to enforce ordinances, rules and regulations prohibiting dumping or disposal of waste, trash or debris," further providing for enforcement of trash laws.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In adoption and enforcement by municipalities, further providing for administration and enforcement.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 10, 1999 (P.L.491, No.45), known as the Pennsylvania Construction Code Act, in adoption and enforcement by municipalities, further providing for administration and enforcement.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for license required, for records of transactions, for dealer's retention of precious metal and availability for inspection, for purchases from minors and for penalty.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 24, 1984 (P.L.92, No.17), referred to as the Precious Metal Sale Regulation Law, further providing for definitions, for license required, for records of transactions, for dealer's retention of precious metal and availability for inspection, for purchases from minors and for penalty.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of June 25, 1931 (P.L.1352, No.332), referred to as the Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Compact, providing for veto power by the Governor over certain actions; further providing for audits; and providing the Governor of each state with power to ratify or veto certain actions taken by commissioners.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1931 (P.L.1352, No.332), referred to as the Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Compact, providing for veto power by the Governor over certain actions; further providing for audits; and providing the Governor of each state with power to ratify or veto certain actions taken by commissioners.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In charter schools, further providing for charter school requirements, for facilities and for school district and intermediate unit responsibilities.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in charter schools, further providing for charter school requirements, for facilities and for school district and intermediate unit responsibilities.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In pupils and attendance, providing for transfer of attendance records to another school entity or nonpublic school; in charter schools, further providing for definitions, for establishment of charter school, for contents of application and for term and form of charter, providing for amendments and further providing for enrollment, for cyber charter school requirements and prohibitions, for tort liability and for establishment of cyber charter school.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in pupils and attendance, providing for transfer of attendance records to another school entity or nonpublic school; in charter schools, further providing for definitions, for establishment of charter school, for contents of application and for term and form of charter, providing for amendments and further providing for enrollment, for cyber charter school requirements and prohibitions, for tort liability and for establishment of cyber charter school.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, further providing for agreements with institutions of higher education; and, in opportunities for educational excellence, further providing for definitions, for responsibilities of school entities and for concurrent enrollment agreements.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, further providing for agreements with institutions of higher education; and, in opportunities for educational excellence, further providing for definitions, for responsibilities of school entities and for concurrent enrollment agreements.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In marriage license, further providing for restrictions on issuance of license and for oral examination; and, in child protective services, providing for pandemic of 2020.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in marriage license, further providing for restrictions on issuance of license and for oral examination; and, in child protective services, providing for pandemic of 2020.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, further providing for enforcement of failure to stop for school bus with flashing red lights; and, in other required equipment, further providing for visual signals on authorized vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, further providing for enforcement of failure to stop for school bus with flashing red lights; and, in other required equipment, further providing for visual signals on authorized vehicles.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In burglary and other criminal intrusion, providing for removal of persons from residential property.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in burglary and other criminal intrusion, providing for removal of persons from residential property.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for purchase of agricultural conservation easements.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 30, 1981 (P.L.128, No.43), known as the Agricultural Area Security Law, further providing for purchase of agricultural conservation easements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for Keystone Tree Restricted Account; and, in registration of vehicles, providing for contributions to the Keystone Tree Restricted Account.. Description: An Act amending Titles 27 (Environmental Resources) and 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for Keystone Tree Restricted Account; and, in registration of vehicles, providing for contributions to the Keystone Tree Restricted Account.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for definitions.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licensing of drivers, further providing for classes of licenses.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in licensing of drivers, further providing for classes of licenses.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain lands owned by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, acting by and through the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, in exchange for the imposition of Project 70 restrictions on other lands to be acquired by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, acting by and through the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources.. Description: An Act authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain lands owned by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, acting by and through the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, in exchange for the imposition of Project 70 restrictions on other lands to be acquired by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, acting by and through the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In vocational education, providing for PAsmart online career resource center.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in vocational education, providing for PAsmart online career resource center.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In vocational education, providing for a workforce development program clearinghouse.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in vocational education, providing for a workforce development program clearinghouse.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In vocational education, further providing for advisory committees.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in vocational education, further providing for advisory committees.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In local workforce investment areas and boards, further providing for membership.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 18, 2001 (P.L.949, No.114), known as the Workforce Development Act, in local workforce investment areas and boards, further providing for membership.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of abuse of care-dependent person.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of abuse of care-dependent person.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In controlled plants and noxious weeds, further providing for noxious weed list.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in controlled plants and noxious weeds, further providing for noxious weed list.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public improvements, utilities and services, providing for public notice and public meeting requirements.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in public improvements, utilities and services, providing for public notice and public meeting requirements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In rules of construction, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 1 (General Provisions) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of construction, further providing for definitions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, providing for burial benefits.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, providing for burial benefits.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, providing for compensable services and items; and abrogating a related regulation.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, providing for compensable services and items; and abrogating a related regulation.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for Pennsylvania Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Screening Program; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 22, 2005 (P.L.407, No.74), known as the Pennsylvania Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Screening Act, further providing for definitions and for Pennsylvania Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Screening Program; and making an editorial change.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In training and certification of inspectors, further providing for training of inspectors.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 10, 1999 (P.L.491, No.45), known as the Pennsylvania Construction Code Act, in training and certification of inspectors, further providing for training of inspectors.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions applying to both liquor and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for local option.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in general provisions applying to both liquor and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for local option.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for school-to-work programs; establishing the CareerBound program; and imposing powers and duties on the Department of Labor and Industry.. Description: An Act providing for school-to-work programs; establishing the CareerBound program; and imposing powers and duties on the Department of Labor and Industry.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for health insurance coverage requirements for stage four, advanced metastatic cancer.. Description: An Act providing for health insurance coverage requirements for stage four, advanced metastatic cancer.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1982 (P.L.633, No.181), known as the Regulatory Review Act, further providing for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In child custody, further providing for award of custody.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child custody, further providing for award of custody.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In criminal history record information, further providing for expungement, for petition for limited access, for clean slate limited access and for effects of expunged records and records subject to limited access; and, in administration of justice, further providing for attachment and summary punishment for contempts.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in criminal history record information, further providing for expungement, for petition for limited access, for clean slate limited access and for effects of expunged records and records subject to limited access; and, in administration of justice, further providing for attachment and summary punishment for contempts.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for purchase of agricultural conservation easements.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 30, 1981 (P.L.128, No.43), known as the Agricultural Area Security Law, further providing for definitions and for purchase of agricultural conservation easements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In construction, improvement, maintenance and repair of State highways, providing for native vegetation along highways.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 1, 1945 (P.L.1242, No.428), known as the State Highway Law, in construction, improvement, maintenance and repair of State highways, providing for native vegetation along highways.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for establishment, for composition and for report to the Governor and the General Assembly.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 12, 2018 (P.L.136, No.28), known as the Pennsylvania Commission for the United States Semiquincentennial Act, further providing for definitions, for establishment, for composition and for report to the Governor and the General Assembly.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for powers and duties of the department.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 7, 1980 (P.L.380, No.97), known as the Solid Waste Management Act, in general provisions, further providing for powers and duties of the department.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In crime victims, further providing for rights.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 24, 1998 (P.L.882, No.111), known as the Crime Victims Act, in crime victims, further providing for rights.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In depositions and witnesses, providing for procedures to protect victims and witnesses with intellectual disabilities or autism.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in depositions and witnesses, providing for procedures to protect victims and witnesses with intellectual disabilities or autism.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sexual offenses, further providing for evidence of victim's sexual conduct.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sexual offenses, further providing for evidence of victim's sexual conduct.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In depositions and witnesses, further providing for admissibility of certain statements.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in depositions and witnesses, further providing for admissibility of certain statements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the administration of permits by State agencies, for a tracking system for permit applications, for the establishment of permit programs and for annual reports.. Description: An Act providing for the administration of permits by State agencies, for a tracking system for permit applications, for the establishment of permit programs and for annual reports.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In intergovernmental cooperation, further providing for ordinance, for content of ordinance, for joint purchases with private educational establishments, for required review of specified agreements and for effect of joint cooperation agreements.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in intergovernmental cooperation, further providing for ordinance, for content of ordinance, for joint purchases with private educational establishments, for required review of specified agreements and for effect of joint cooperation agreements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In corporate powers, further providing for intergovernmental cooperation.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in corporate powers, further providing for intergovernmental cooperation.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In corporate powers, further providing for municipal authorities and cooperation with other political subdivisions.. Description: An Act amending Title 11 (Cities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in corporate powers, further providing for municipal authorities and cooperation with other political subdivisions.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for license fees; and providing for multibranch training schools.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 15, 1986 (P.L.1585, No.174), known as the Private Licensed Schools Act, further providing for definitions and for license fees; and providing for multibranch training schools.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the Career and Technical Education Investment Incentive Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, providing for the Career and Technical Education Investment Incentive Program.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for repair of private roads.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1836 (P.L.551, No.169), referred to as the General Road Law, further providing for repair of private roads.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the use of certain credentialing applications and for credentialing requirements for health insurers; imposing penalties; and conferring powers and imposing duties on the Insurance Department.. Description: An Act providing for the use of certain credentialing applications and for credentialing requirements for health insurers; imposing penalties; and conferring powers and imposing duties on the Insurance Department.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In corporate powers, further providing for ordinances and resolutions; and, in finance and taxation, further providing for tax levies and for tax rates to be expressed in dollars and cents.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 24, 1931 (P.L.1206, No.331), known as The First Class Township Code, in corporate powers, further providing for ordinances and resolutions; and, in finance and taxation, further providing for tax levies and for tax rates to be expressed in dollars and cents.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In mayor, further providing for president or vice president of council to act as mayor; in taxation and finance, further providing for tax levy and for tax ordinance; in ordinances, further providing for ordinances and resolutions, for enactment, approval and veto, for recording, advertising and proof and for codification of ordinances; in council, further providing for ordinances and resolutions, for journal of proceedings, recording and withholding of vote, for records of ordinances maintained by city clerk and for time ordinances go into effect; and, in taxation, further providing for tax levies.. Description: An Act amending Titles 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) and 11 (Cities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in mayor, further providing for president or vice president of council to act as mayor; in taxation and finance, further providing for tax levy and for tax ordinance; in ordinances, further providing for ordinances and resolutions, for enactment, approval and veto, for recording, advertising and proof and for codification of ordinances; in council, further providing for ordinances and resolutions, for journal of proceedings, recording and withholding of vote, for records of ordinances maintained by city clerk and for time ordinances go into effect; and, in taxation, further providing for tax levies.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for unlawful acts relative to liquor, malt and brewed beverages and licensees.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for unlawful acts relative to liquor, malt and brewed beverages and licensees.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fishing licenses, further providing for exemptions from license requirements.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fishing licenses, further providing for exemptions from license requirements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 305 over Shaver's Creek in Barree Township, Huntingdon County, as the Private Harold E. "Jim" Knode Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 305 over Shaver's Creek in Barree Township, Huntingdon County, as the Private Harold E. "Jim" Knode Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for a detoxification and addiction treatment bed registry.. Description: An Act providing for a detoxification and addiction treatment bed registry.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In retirement for State employees and officers, further defining "enforcement officer"; and providing for installment payments.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in retirement for State employees and officers, further defining "enforcement officer"; and providing for installment payments.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for schedules of controlled substances.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 14, 1972 (P.L.233, No.64), known as The Controlled Substance, Drug, Device and Cosmetic Act, further providing for schedules of controlled substances.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In hunting and furtaking licenses, providing for a volunteer instructor license.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in hunting and furtaking licenses, providing for a volunteer instructor license.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the annual designation and holiday observance June 19 as "Juneteenth National Freedom Day" in this Commonwealth.. Description: An Act providing for the annual designation and holiday observance June 19 as "Juneteenth National Freedom Day" in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for patient access to diagnostics and treatments for Lyme disease and related tick-borne illnesses; and requiring health care policies to provide certain coverage.. Description: An Act providing for patient access to diagnostics and treatments for Lyme disease and related tick-borne illnesses; and requiring health care policies to provide certain coverage.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In military leave of absence, further providing for employment discrimination for military membership or duty.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in military leave of absence, further providing for employment discrimination for military membership or duty.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In certificate of title and security interests, further providing for application for certificate of title by agent; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for odometer disclosure requirements.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in certificate of title and security interests, further providing for application for certificate of title by agent; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for odometer disclosure requirements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons, for late contributions and independent expenditures, for oath of compliance, perjury, disqualification from office and commercial use and for place of filing, providing for manner of filing and for inability to file reports or statements electronically by deadline and further providing for late filing fee and certificate of filing, for powers and duties of the supervisor, for additional powers and duties of the Secretary of the Commonwealth and for reports by business entities and publication by Secretary of the Commonwealth.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons, for late contributions and independent expenditures, for oath of compliance, perjury, disqualification from office and commercial use and for place of filing, providing for manner of filing and for inability to file reports or statements electronically by deadline and further providing for late filing fee and certificate of filing, for powers and duties of the supervisor, for additional powers and duties of the Secretary of the Commonwealth and for reports by business entities and publication by Secretary of the Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to operation of vehicles, further providing for obedience to authorized persons directing traffic and providing for drivers in organized motorcycle processions; and, in rules of the road in general, further providing for following too closely.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions relating to operation of vehicles, further providing for obedience to authorized persons directing traffic and providing for drivers in organized motorcycle processions; and, in rules of the road in general, further providing for following too closely.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of February 13, 1970 (P.L.19, No.10), entitled "An act enabling certain minors to consent to medical, dental and health services, declaring consent unnecessary under certain circumstances," further providing for mental health treatment and for release of medical records.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 13, 1970 (P.L.19, No.10), entitled "An act enabling certain minors to consent to medical, dental and health services, declaring consent unnecessary under certain circumstances," further providing for mental health treatment and for release of medical records.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for the definition of "income.". Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for the definition of "income."
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge carrying State Route 4009 in York County over the Conewago Creek as the Staff Sergeant Gary Crone Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge carrying State Route 4009 in York County over the Conewago Creek as the Staff Sergeant Gary Crone Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In school directors, providing for publication of e-mail addresses for school directors; and, in charter schools, providing for publication of e-mail addresses for board of trustees and further providing for applicability of other provisions of this act and of other acts and regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school directors, providing for publication of e-mail addresses for school directors; and, in charter schools, providing for publication of e-mail addresses for board of trustees and further providing for applicability of other provisions of this act and of other acts and regulations.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for returns of married individuals, deceased or disabled individuals and fiduciaries.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for returns of married individuals, deceased or disabled individuals and fiduciaries.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry, its departmental administrative and advisory boards and departmental administrative officers, providing for joint task force on misclassification of employees.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry, its departmental administrative and advisory boards and departmental administrative officers, providing for joint task force on misclassification of employees.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for sentences for offenses committed with firearms.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for sentences for offenses committed with firearms.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In realty transfer tax, further providing for excluded transactions; and providing for local resource manufacturing tax credit and for a penalty.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in realty transfer tax, further providing for excluded transactions; and providing for local resource manufacturing tax credit and for a penalty.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the transfer of title for certain Project 70 lands owned by Lehigh County to Whitehall Township, Lehigh County.. Description: An Act authorizing the transfer of title for certain Project 70 lands owned by Lehigh County to Whitehall Township, Lehigh County.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in powers and duties, further providing for power of commission to order acquisition of small water and sewer utilities; in procedure on complaints, further providing for service of complaints on parties; and, in rates and distribution systems, further providing for computation of income tax expense for ratemaking purposes.. Description: An Act amending Title 66 (Public Utilities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in powers and duties, further providing for power of commission to order acquisition of small water and sewer utilities; in procedure on complaints, further providing for service of complaints on parties; and, in rates and distribution systems, further providing for computation of income tax expense for ratemaking purposes.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In property and buildings, further providing for price paid for acquisitions and improvements.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in property and buildings, further providing for price paid for acquisitions and improvements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for determination of eligibility.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for determination of eligibility.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 453 over the Little Juniata River, Tyrone Township, Blair County, as the Robert E. Gensimore Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 453 over the Little Juniata River, Tyrone Township, Blair County, as the Robert E. Gensimore Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 899 over the Clarion River connecting Barnett Township, Jefferson County, and Barnett Township, Forest County, as the PFC Patrick T. Cassatt Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 899 over the Clarion River connecting Barnett Township, Jefferson County, and Barnett Township, Forest County, as the PFC Patrick T. Cassatt Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4018 over the Little Mahoning Creek, South Mahoning Township, Indiana County, as the SP4 Franklin Delano Meyer Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4018 over the Little Mahoning Creek, South Mahoning Township, Indiana County, as the SP4 Franklin Delano Meyer Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for authority to issue liquor licenses to hotels, restaurants and clubs, for sales by liquor licensees and restrictions, for sale of malt or brewed beverages by liquor licensees, for interlocking business prohibited, for retail dispensers' restrictions on purchases and sales, for unlawful acts relative to malt or brewed beverages and licensees, for unlawful acts relative to liquor, malt and brewed beverages and licensees and for premises to be vacated by patrons.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for authority to issue liquor licenses to hotels, restaurants and clubs, for sales by liquor licensees and restrictions, for sale of malt or brewed beverages by liquor licensees, for interlocking business prohibited, for retail dispensers' restrictions on purchases and sales, for unlawful acts relative to malt or brewed beverages and licensees, for unlawful acts relative to liquor, malt and brewed beverages and licensees and for premises to be vacated by patrons.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions; and providing for pharmacy technician and pharmacy technician trainee registration, qualifications and supervision, for pharmacy technician data entry and for laboratory waiver.. Description: An Act amending the act of September 27, 1961 (P.L.1700, No.699), known as the Pharmacy Act, further providing for definitions; and providing for pharmacy technician and pharmacy technician trainee registration, qualifications and supervision, for pharmacy technician data entry and for laboratory waiver.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Schools-to-Work Program; and providing for powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry.. Description: An Act establishing the Schools-to-Work Program; and providing for powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for income verification.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in pharmaceutical assistance for the elderly, further providing for income verification.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In club licensees, further providing for report and for distribution of proceeds.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 19, 1988 (P.L.1262, No.156), known as the Local Option Small Games of Chance Act, in club licensees, further providing for report and for distribution of proceeds.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Infant CPR and Choking Education and Prevention Program; and providing for educational and instructional materials, for duties of department, for criminal or civil liability and for regulations.. Description: An Act establishing the Infant CPR and Choking Education and Prevention Program; and providing for educational and instructional materials, for duties of department, for criminal or civil liability and for regulations.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In emergency medical services system, further providing for definitions and for Pennsylvania Trauma Systems Foundation, providing for accreditation of trauma centers, for submission of list, for funding, for notification of trauma center closure, for reporting and for certification and financial report; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in emergency medical services system, further providing for definitions and for Pennsylvania Trauma Systems Foundation, providing for accreditation of trauma centers, for submission of list, for funding, for notification of trauma center closure, for reporting and for certification and financial report; and making a related repeal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: An act to provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2018, to June 30, 2019, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2018.. Description: An act to provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2018, to June 30, 2019, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2018.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, further providing for additional parking regulations.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, further providing for additional parking regulations.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for proposed regulations and procedures for review and for final-form regulations and final-omitted regulations and procedures for review; providing for regulations deemed withdrawn; further providing for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations by the commission; and providing for concurrent resolution required for economically significant regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1982 (P.L.633, No.181), known as the Regulatory Review Act, further providing for definitions, for proposed regulations and procedures for review and for final-form regulations and final-omitted regulations and procedures for review; providing for regulations deemed withdrawn; further providing for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations by the commission; and providing for concurrent resolution required for economically significant regulations.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania National Guard, further providing for compensation of division commander or equivalent; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania National Guard, further providing for compensation of division commander or equivalent; and making a related repeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission, providing for power to set fees; in fiscal affairs, further providing for collection fee for uncollectible checks; in fishing licenses, further providing for nonresident and tourist licenses, for one-day resident fishing license, for license, permit and issuing agent fees and for license and permit packaging options; in special licenses and permits, further providing for net permits, for boat and net licenses for boundary lakes, for permits for protection and management of particular fish, for permits for the use of explosives, for Lake Erie fishing permits and for fishing guide and charter boat permits; in regulated fishing lakes, further providing for licenses and for fees; in dams, bar racks and migration devices, further providing for obstructing migration of fish; in preliminary provisions, further providing for fees; and, in registration and titling of boats, further providing for issuing agents, for fees and for notice for boats and related equipment.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission, providing for power to set fees; in fiscal affairs, further providing for collection fee for uncollectible checks; in fishing licenses, further providing for nonresident and tourist licenses, for one-day resident fishing license, for license, permit and issuing agent fees and for license and permit packaging options; in special licenses and permits, further providing for net permits, for boat and net licenses for boundary lakes, for permits for protection and management of particular fish, for permits for the use of explosives, for Lake Erie fishing permits and for fishing guide and charter boat permits; in regulated fishing lakes, further providing for licenses and for fees; in dams, bar racks and migration devices, further providing for obstructing migration of fish; in preliminary provisions, further providing for fees; and, in registration and titling of boats, further providing for issuing agents, for fees and for notice for boats and related equipment.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for sports raffles for charity; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act providing for sports raffles for charity; and making related repeals.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for prohibited use of public assistance funds.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for prohibited use of public assistance funds.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for nondisclosure agreements relating to sexual harassment.. Description: An Act providing for nondisclosure agreements relating to sexual harassment.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of stalking; in wiretapping and electronic surveillance, further providing for definitions; in child custody, further providing for consideration of criminal conviction; in domestic and sexual violence victim address confidentiality, further providing for penalties; and, in sentencing, further providing for sentences for second and subsequent offenses.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses), 23 (Domestic Relations) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of stalking; in wiretapping and electronic surveillance, further providing for definitions; in child custody, further providing for consideration of criminal conviction; in domestic and sexual violence victim address confidentiality, further providing for penalties; and, in sentencing, further providing for sentences for second and subsequent offenses.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth budget procedures, further providing for transmission of budget information to the General Assembly.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Commonwealth budget procedures, further providing for transmission of budget information to the General Assembly.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: An act amending Title 67 (Public Welfare) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in medical assistance hearings and appeals, further providing for definitions; in public welfare generally, providing for adoption opportunities and for family finding and kinship care; establishing the Kinship Care Program and the Subsidized Permanent Legal Custodianship Program; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.. Description: An act amending Title 67 (Public Welfare) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in medical assistance hearings and appeals, further providing for definitions; in public welfare generally, providing for adoption opportunities and for family finding and kinship care; establishing the Kinship Care Program and the Subsidized Permanent Legal Custodianship Program; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing certain financial institutions to conduct savings promotion programs.. Description: An Act authorizing certain financial institutions to conduct savings promotion programs.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In 911 emergency communication services, further providing for telecommunications management and providing for Nonprofit Security Grant Fund.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in 911 emergency communication services, further providing for telecommunications management and providing for Nonprofit Security Grant Fund.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in procedure, further providing for exceptions for public records.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 14, 2008 (P.L.6, No.3), known as the Right-to-Know Law, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in procedure, further providing for exceptions for public records.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to join the Physical Therapy Licensure Compact; and providing for the form of the compact.. Description: An Act authorizing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to join the Physical Therapy Licensure Compact; and providing for the form of the compact.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In liquid fuels and fuels tax, further providing for refunds.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in liquid fuels and fuels tax, further providing for refunds.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In capital facilities, further providing for appropriation for and limitation on redevelopment assistance capital projects.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 9, 1999 (P.L.1, No.1), known as the Capital Facilities Debt Enabling Act, in capital facilities, further providing for appropriation for and limitation on redevelopment assistance capital projects.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of June 18, 1982 (P.L.549, No.159), entitled "An act providing for the administration of certain Commonwealth farmland within the Department of Agriculture," further providing for agricultural land conservation assistance grant program.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 18, 1982 (P.L.549, No.159), entitled "An act providing for the administration of certain Commonwealth farmland within the Department of Agriculture," further providing for agricultural land conservation assistance grant program.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for duty of prime contractor to provide financial security in certain contracts involving public works and public improvements.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 1967 (P.L.869, No.385), known as the Public Works Contractors' Bond Law of 1967, further providing for duty of prime contractor to provide financial security in certain contracts involving public works and public improvements.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In neighborhood assistance tax credit, further providing for definitions, for public policy and for tax credit.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in neighborhood assistance tax credit, further providing for definitions, for public policy and for tax credit.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of January 19, 1968 (1967 P.L.992, No.442), entitled "An act authorizing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the local government units thereof to preserve, acquire or hold land for open space uses,"further providing for local taxing options.. Description: An Act amending the act of January 19, 1968 (1967 P.L.992, No.442), entitled "An act authorizing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the local government units thereof to preserve, acquire or hold land for open space uses,"further providing for local taxing options.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Mending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for suspension of operating privilege, for the offense of driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked and for ignition interlock limited license and providing for Relief from Administrative Suspension Program; and, in driving after imbibing alcohol or utilizing drugs, further providing for penalties, for ignition interlock, for prior offenses, for Accelerated Rehabilitative Disposition, for drug and alcohol assessments and for mandatory sentencing and providing for substance monitoring program.. Description: An Act mending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for suspension of operating privilege, for the offense of driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked and for ignition interlock limited license and providing for Relief from Administrative Suspension Program; and, in driving after imbibing alcohol or utilizing drugs, further providing for penalties, for ignition interlock, for prior offenses, for Accelerated Rehabilitative Disposition, for drug and alcohol assessments and for mandatory sentencing and providing for substance monitoring program.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Repealing the act of May 17, 1929 (P.L.1805, No.598), entitled "An act authorizing municipalities other than townships to acquire by gift, devise, or bequest, lands, chattels, securities and funds for the establishment and maintenance of a hospital; to appoint trustees of such property and funds, subject to the approval of the orphans' court; to operate and maintain such hospital through and by means of such trustees; and to expend municipal funds to aid in the establishment and maintenance of such hospital.". Description: An Act repealing the act of May 17, 1929 (P.L.1805, No.598), entitled "An act authorizing municipalities other than townships to acquire by gift, devise, or bequest, lands, chattels, securities and funds for the establishment and maintenance of a hospital; to appoint trustees of such property and funds, subject to the approval of the orphans' court; to operate and maintain such hospital through and by means of such trustees; and to expend municipal funds to aid in the establishment and maintenance of such hospital."
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of May 20, 1857 (P.L.617, No.658), entitled "An act making an Appropriation from the State Treasury, in aid of the Farmers' High School.". Description: An Act repealing the act of May 20, 1857 (P.L.617, No.658), entitled "An act making an Appropriation from the State Treasury, in aid of the Farmers' High School."
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth budget procedures, further providing for lapsing of funds.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Commonwealth budget procedures, further providing for lapsing of funds.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth budget procedures, providing for definitions and further providing for budget implementation data, for electronic access of information and for lapsing of funds.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Commonwealth budget procedures, providing for definitions and further providing for budget implementation data, for electronic access of information and for lapsing of funds.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth budget procedures, further providing for submission of budget to General Assembly and for transmission of budget information to the General Assembly.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Commonwealth budget procedures, further providing for submission of budget to General Assembly and for transmission of budget information to the General Assembly.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth budget procedures, further providing for submission of budget to General Assembly.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Commonwealth budget procedures, further providing for submission of budget to General Assembly.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for living donor protection; and imposing duties on the Department of Health and the Insurance Department.. Description: An Act providing for living donor protection; and imposing duties on the Department of Health and the Insurance Department.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52896, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 924 over the Shenandoah Creek in the Borough of Shenandoah, Schuylkill County, as the Edward Kleha Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52896, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 924 over the Shenandoah Creek in the Borough of Shenandoah, Schuylkill County, as the Edward Kleha Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for medical assistance pharmacy services and providing for prescription drug pricing study.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for medical assistance pharmacy services and providing for prescription drug pricing study.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for pharmaceutical and therapeutics committee.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for pharmaceutical and therapeutics committee.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for consumer prescription drug pricing disclosure and pharmacy freedom to communicate.. Description: An Act providing for consumer prescription drug pricing disclosure and pharmacy freedom to communicate.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, providing for pharmacy benefits manager audit and obligations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, providing for pharmacy benefits manager audit and obligations.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in licenses and regulations, liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for sales and liquor licensees and restrictions, for performing arts facility license, for limiting number of retail licenses to be issued in each county, for licenses not assignable and transfers and for hours of operation relative to manufacturers, importing distributors and distributors; and, in distilleries, wineries, bonded warehouses, bailees for hire and transporters for hire, further providing for distilleries.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in licenses and regulations, liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for sales and liquor licensees and restrictions, for performing arts facility license, for limiting number of retail licenses to be issued in each county, for licenses not assignable and transfers and for hours of operation relative to manufacturers, importing distributors and distributors; and, in distilleries, wineries, bonded warehouses, bailees for hire and transporters for hire, further providing for distilleries.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In State lottery, further providing for powers and duties of secretary.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 26, 1971 (P.L.351, No.91), known as the State Lottery Law, in State lottery, further providing for powers and duties of secretary.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Reforming remedies for victims of sexual abuse: in limitation of time, further providing for six months limitation, for infancy, insanity or imprisonment, for no limitation applicable and for other offenses; in matters affecting government units, further providing for exceptions to sovereign immunity, for limitations on damages in actions against Commonwealth parties, for exceptions to governmental immunity and for limitations on damages in actions against local parties; in sentencing alternatives, providing for counseling services for victims of sexual abuse; and transferring money from the General Fund into the Crime Victim's Compensation Fund.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, reforming remedies for victims of sexual abuse: in limitation of time, further providing for six months limitation, for infancy, insanity or imprisonment, for no limitation applicable and for other offenses; in matters affecting government units, further providing for exceptions to sovereign immunity, for limitations on damages in actions against Commonwealth parties, for exceptions to governmental immunity and for limitations on damages in actions against local parties; in sentencing alternatives, providing for counseling services for victims of sexual abuse; and transferring money from the General Fund into the Crime Victim's Compensation Fund.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for courts to be open and suits against the Commonwealth.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for courts to be open and suits against the Commonwealth.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing municipalities to implement senior citizen tax reduction incentive volunteer exchange programs.. Description: An Act authorizing municipalities to implement senior citizen tax reduction incentive volunteer exchange programs.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In State Veterans' Commission and Deputy Adjutant General for Veterans' Affairs, further providing for State Veterans' Commission.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in State Veterans' Commission and Deputy Adjutant General for Veterans' Affairs, further providing for State Veterans' Commission.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for auditor qualifications for the Department of the Auditor General, for new department employees, for current department employees, for employee certification, for forensic audits, for fraud audits and for committee standards.. Description: An Act providing for auditor qualifications for the Department of the Auditor General, for new department employees, for current department employees, for employee certification, for forensic audits, for fraud audits and for committee standards.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 8, 1978 (P.L.752, No.140), known as the Public Employee Pension Forfeiture Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In dams, bar racks and migration devices, further providing for marking of dams.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in dams, bar racks and migration devices, further providing for marking of dams.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for purpose, for definitions, for powers and duties of board and for establishment of program; providing for requirements for first responder agencies and hospital emergency departments; and further providing for access to prescription information.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 27, 2014 (P.L.2911, No.191), known as the Achieving Better Care by Monitoring All Prescriptions Program (ABC-MAP) Act, further providing for purpose, for definitions, for powers and duties of board and for establishment of program; providing for requirements for first responder agencies and hospital emergency departments; and further providing for access to prescription information.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In fraternal benefit societies, providing for solvency and further providing for benefit contract and for injunction, liquidation and receivership of domestic society.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in fraternal benefit societies, providing for solvency and further providing for benefit contract and for injunction, liquidation and receivership of domestic society.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In matters affecting government units, providing for special standing in constitutional challenges.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in matters affecting government units, providing for special standing in constitutional challenges.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing obsolete laws concerning the Scotland School for Veterans' Children.. Description: An Act repealing obsolete laws concerning the Scotland School for Veterans' Children.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for State Board of Certified Real Estate Appraisers.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 10, 1990 (P.L.404, No.98), known as the Real Estate Appraisers Certification Act, further providing for definitions and for State Board of Certified Real Estate Appraisers.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for duties of board; repealing provisions relating to qualifications; further providing for certification; providing for employees of political subdivisions; further providing for disciplinary and correction measures and for unlawful practice; repealing provisions relating to nonapplicability; and providing for assessors in counties of the first class.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 16, 1992 (P.L.155, No.28), known as the Assessors Certification Act, further providing for definitions and for duties of board; repealing provisions relating to qualifications; further providing for certification; providing for employees of political subdivisions; further providing for disciplinary and correction measures and for unlawful practice; repealing provisions relating to nonapplicability; and providing for assessors in counties of the first class.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In consolidated county assessment, further providing for definitions, for changes in assessed valuation and for abstracts of building and demolition permits to be forwarded to the county assessment office.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in consolidated county assessment, further providing for definitions, for changes in assessed valuation and for abstracts of building and demolition permits to be forwarded to the county assessment office.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of October 27, 1979 (P.L.241, No.78), entitled "An act authorizing political subdivisions, municipality authorities and transportation authorities to enter into contracts for the purchase of goods and the sale of real and personal property where no bids are received," further providing for title of the act; adding a short title; and providing for contracts for services.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 27, 1979 (P.L.241, No.78), entitled "An act authorizing political subdivisions, municipality authorities and transportation authorities to enter into contracts for the purchase of goods and the sale of real and personal property where no bids are received," further providing for title of the act; adding a short title; and providing for contracts for services.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In creation and alteration, further providing for definitions and for judicial adjustment; in elections of officers, further providing for decrease in number of members of council; and, in manufacture and supply of electricity, further providing for specific powers.. Description: An Act amending Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in creation and alteration, further providing for definitions and for judicial adjustment; in elections of officers, further providing for decrease in number of members of council; and, in manufacture and supply of electricity, further providing for specific powers.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth Financing Authority, further providing for board.. Description: An Act amending Title 64 (Public Authorities and Quasi-Public Corporations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth Financing Authority, further providing for board.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licenses and regulations for liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for issuance, transfer or extension of hotel, restaurant and club liquor licenses, for sale of malt or brewed beverages by liquor licensees, for wine expanded permits, for malt and brewed beverages manufacturers', distributors' and importing distributors' licenses, for malt and brewed beverages retail licenses, for retail dispensers' restrictions on purchases and sales and for renewal of licenses and temporary provisions for licensees in armed service.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in licenses and regulations for liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for issuance, transfer or extension of hotel, restaurant and club liquor licenses, for sale of malt or brewed beverages by liquor licensees, for wine expanded permits, for malt and brewed beverages manufacturers', distributors' and importing distributors' licenses, for malt and brewed beverages retail licenses, for retail dispensers' restrictions on purchases and sales and for renewal of licenses and temporary provisions for licensees in armed service.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of December 15, 1982 (P.L.1266, No.287), entitled "An act conferring limited residency status on military personnel, their dependents and civilian personnel assigned to an active duty station in Pennsylvania," further providing for residency of students.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 15, 1982 (P.L.1266, No.287), entitled "An act conferring limited residency status on military personnel, their dependents and civilian personnel assigned to an active duty station in Pennsylvania," further providing for residency of students.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In child protective services, further providing for penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child protective services, further providing for penalties.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs, further providing for powers and duties.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Requiring that information on the option of perinatal support care programs be given to a woman after diagnosis of a life limiting condition; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act requiring that information on the option of perinatal support care programs be given to a woman after diagnosis of a life limiting condition; and imposing penalties.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for unwanted telephone solicitation calls prohibited.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 4, 1996 (P.L.911, No.147), known as the Telemarketer Registration Act, further providing for unwanted telephone solicitation calls prohibited.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of July 16, 1941 (P.L.386, No.149), entitled "An act providing for the establishment, construction, operation and maintenance of a mountain ridge road or parkway in the Pocono Mountains through, bordering or accessible to the counties of Monroe, Northampton, Carbon, Luzerne, Lackawanna, Wayne and Pike, to be known as the "Pocono Mountain Memorial Parkway"; providing for the creation of the Pennsylvania Parkway Commission, and conferring powers, and imposing duties on said commission; authorizing the issuance of parkway revenue bonds of the Commonwealth, payable solely from tolls, to pay the cost of such parkway; providing that no debt of the Commonwealth shall be incurred in the exercise of any of the powers granted by this act; providing for the collection of tolls for the payment of such bonds and for the cost of maintenance, operation and repair of the parkway; making such bonds exempt from taxation; constituting such bonds legal investments in certain instances; prescribing conditions upon which such parkway shall become free; providing for condemnation; granting certain powers and authority to municipal subdivisions and other agencies of the Commonwealth to cooperate with the commission; conferring powers and imposing duties on the Department of Highways and authorizing the issuance of parkway revenue refunding bonds.". Description: An Act repealing the act of July 16, 1941 (P.L.386, No.149), entitled "An act providing for the establishment, construction, operation and maintenance of a mountain ridge road or parkway in the Pocono Mountains through, bordering or accessible to the counties of Monroe, Northampton, Carbon, Luzerne, Lackawanna, Wayne and Pike, to be known as the "Pocono Mountain Memorial Parkway"; providing for the creation of the Pennsylvania Parkway Commission, and conferring powers, and imposing duties on said commission; authorizing the issuance of parkway revenue bonds of the Commonwealth, payable solely from tolls, to pay the cost of such parkway; providing that no debt of the Commonwealth shall be incurred in the exercise of any of the powers granted by this act; providing for the collection of tolls for the payment of such bonds and for the cost of maintenance, operation and repair of the parkway; making such bonds exempt from taxation; constituting such bonds legal investments in certain instances; prescribing conditions upon which such parkway shall become free; providing for condemnation; granting certain powers and authority to municipal subdivisions and other agencies of the Commonwealth to cooperate with the commission; conferring powers and imposing duties on the Department of Highways and authorizing the issuance of parkway revenue refunding bonds."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 3033 over Redbank Creek in Brookville Borough, Jefferson County, as the CPL James Slagle 2nd Ranger Battalion Army Ranger WWII Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 3033 over Redbank Creek in Brookville Borough, Jefferson County, as the CPL James Slagle 2nd Ranger Battalion Army Ranger WWII Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In open meetings, further providing for public notice and providing for notification of agency business required and exceptions.. Description: An Act amending Title 65 (Public Officers) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in open meetings, further providing for public notice and providing for notification of agency business required and exceptions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In senior citizens property tax and rent rebate assistance, further providing for filing of claim; and authorizing public school districts to implement a senior tax reduction incentive volunteer exchange program.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 27, 2006 (1st Sp.Sess., P.L.1873 No.1), known as the Taxpayer Relief Act, in senior citizens property tax and rent rebate assistance, further providing for filing of claim; and authorizing public school districts to implement a senior tax reduction incentive volunteer exchange program.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fees, further providing for annual hauling permits; and, in size, weight and load, further providing for conditions of permits and security for damages and for permit for movement during course of manufacture and providing for permit for movement of hot ingots or hot boxes.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fees, further providing for annual hauling permits; and, in size, weight and load, further providing for conditions of permits and security for damages and for permit for movement during course of manufacture and providing for permit for movement of hot ingots or hot boxes.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of July 11, 1901 (P.L.668, No.337), entitled "An act to amend an act, entitled "An act to provide revenue by taxation," approved the fifteenth day of July, Anno Domini one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven.". Description: An Act repealing the act of July 11, 1901 (P.L.668, No.337), entitled "An act to amend an act, entitled "An act to provide revenue by taxation," approved the fifteenth day of July, Anno Domini one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven."
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of April 20, 1927 (P.L.311, No.177), entitled "An act providing for a more equitable method of assessing capital stock tax against corporations, limited partnerships, joint stock associations, and companies, in certain cases.". Description: An Act repealing the act of April 20, 1927 (P.L.311, No.177), entitled "An act providing for a more equitable method of assessing capital stock tax against corporations, limited partnerships, joint stock associations, and companies, in certain cases."
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of June 22 1931 (P.L.685, No.250), entitled "An act providing for the settlement of capital stock tax in the cases of corporations, joint-stock associations, limited partnerships, and companies which own assets which are exempted or relieved from capital stock tax.". Description: An Act repealing the act of June 22 1931 (P.L.685, No.250), entitled "An act providing for the settlement of capital stock tax in the cases of corporations, joint-stock associations, limited partnerships, and companies which own assets which are exempted or relieved from capital stock tax."
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of January 14, 1951 (1952 P.L.2046, No.577), entitled "An act authorizing the Department of Highways to erect and maintain toll bridges over the Susquehanna River at certain points, and to provide the necessary approaches and connections with State highways; empowering counties to pay certain damages; providing for the collection of tolls; and making an appropriation.". Description: An Act repealing the act of January 14, 1951 (1952 P.L.2046, No.577), entitled "An act authorizing the Department of Highways to erect and maintain toll bridges over the Susquehanna River at certain points, and to provide the necessary approaches and connections with State highways; empowering counties to pay certain damages; providing for the collection of tolls; and making an appropriation."
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In bonus and tax reports and returns and reports and records relating to tax collections, repealing provisions relating to capital stock and franchise tax reports and payment of tax; in financially distressed municipalities, providing for emergency plan extension, in oil and gas wells, further providing for Oil and Gas Lease Fund; in transportation network companies, motor carrier companies and parking authority of a city of the first class, further providing for transportation network company extension; providing for assessments; in additional special funds and restricted accounts, further providing for establishment of special fund and account, for use of fund and for distributions from Pennsylvania Race Horse Development Fund; in general budget implementation, further providing for reports to General Assembly, for Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board, for Department of Health, for State Employees' Retirement System, for surcharges, for Multimodal Transportation Fund and for Liquor Code term; providing for 2020-2021 budget implementation and for 2020-2021 restrictions on appropriations for funds and accounts; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in bonus and tax reports and returns and reports and records relating to tax collections, repealing provisions relating to capital stock and franchise tax reports and payment of tax; in financially distressed municipalities, providing for emergency plan extension, in oil and gas wells, further providing for Oil and Gas Lease Fund; in transportation network companies, motor carrier companies and parking authority of a city of the first class, further providing for transportation network company extension; providing for assessments; in additional special funds and restricted accounts, further providing for establishment of special fund and account, for use of fund and for distributions from Pennsylvania Race Horse Development Fund; in general budget implementation, further providing for reports to General Assembly, for Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board, for Department of Health, for State Employees' Retirement System, for surcharges, for Multimodal Transportation Fund and for Liquor Code term; providing for 2020-2021 budget implementation and for 2020-2021 restrictions on appropriations for funds and accounts; and making related repeals.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of June 17, 1913 (P.L.507, No.335), referred to as the Intangible Personal Property Tax Law.. Description: An Act repealing the act of June 17, 1913 (P.L.507, No.335), referred to as the Intangible Personal Property Tax Law.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Repealing the act of June 22, 1935 (P.L.414, No.182), known as the State Personal Property Tax Act.. Description: An Act repealing the act of June 22, 1935 (P.L.414, No.182), known as the State Personal Property Tax Act.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of June 5, 1937 (P.L.1656, No.344), known as the Store and Theatre Tax Act.. Description: An Act repealing the act of June 5, 1937 (P.L.1656, No.344), known as the Store and Theatre Tax Act.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, providing for Abandoned Manufacturing Sites Registry.. Description: An Act amending Title 27 (Environmental Resources) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions, providing for Abandoned Manufacturing Sites Registry.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In miscellaneous provisions, further providing for permits and other requirements.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 19, 1995 (P.L.4, No.2), known as the Land Recycling and Environmental Remediation Standards Act, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for permits and other requirements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of May 11, 1889 (P.L.188, No.210), entitled "A further supplement to an act, entitled 'An act to establish a board of wardens for the Port of Philadelphia, and for the regulation of pilots and pilotage, and for other purposes,' approved March twenty-ninth, one thousand eight hundred and three, and for regulating the rates of pilotage and number of pilots," further providing for rates of pilotage and computation, for pilotage fees and unit charge and for charges for services.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 11, 1889 (P.L.188, No.210), entitled "A further supplement to an act, entitled 'An act to establish a board of wardens for the Port of Philadelphia, and for the regulation of pilots and pilotage, and for other purposes,' approved March twenty-ninth, one thousand eight hundred and three, and for regulating the rates of pilotage and number of pilots," further providing for rates of pilotage and computation, for pilotage fees and unit charge and for charges for services.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the employment of unauthorized employees; requiring construction industry employers to verify the Social Security numbers of employees; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act prohibiting the employment of unauthorized employees; requiring construction industry employers to verify the Social Security numbers of employees; and imposing penalties.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In particular rights and immunities, providing for contracts or agreements for nondisclosure of certain conduct.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in particular rights and immunities, providing for contracts or agreements for nondisclosure of certain conduct.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of July 2, 1993 (P.L.345, No.48), entitled "An act empowering the General Counsel or his designee to issue subpoenas for certain licensing board activities; providing for hearing examiners in the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs; providing additional powers to the Commissioner of Professional and Occupational Affairs; and further providing for civil penalties and license suspension," providing for licensure by endorsement.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 2, 1993 (P.L.345, No.48), entitled "An act empowering the General Counsel or his designee to issue subpoenas for certain licensing board activities; providing for hearing examiners in the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs; providing additional powers to the Commissioner of Professional and Occupational Affairs; and further providing for civil penalties and license suspension," providing for licensure by endorsement.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of April 25, 1933 (P.L.74, No.49), entitled "An act relating to baseball and football on Sunday; prohibiting baseball and football on Sunday during certain hours, and also during certain other hours unless the electors of a municipality are in favor of the same and, in certain cases, a license has first been secured from the municipal authorities; providing for referendums to ascertain the will of the electors, and for the enactment and repeal of licensing ordinances and resolutions in accordance therewith; providing penalties; and repealing inconsistent laws.". Description: An Act repealing the act of April 25, 1933 (P.L.74, No.49), entitled "An act relating to baseball and football on Sunday; prohibiting baseball and football on Sunday during certain hours, and also during certain other hours unless the electors of a municipality are in favor of the same and, in certain cases, a license has first been secured from the municipal authorities; providing for referendums to ascertain the will of the electors, and for the enactment and repeal of licensing ordinances and resolutions in accordance therewith; providing penalties; and repealing inconsistent laws."
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of June 2, 1933 (P.L.1423, No.308), entitled "An act relating to Sunday music; permitting musicians to receive compensation for services rendered on Sunday; authorizing pay concerts to be given and broadcast on Sunday under certain circumstances, and allowing school and certain public buildings and parks to be used therefor; conferring powers and imposing duties on the Department of Public Instruction; and imposing penalties.". Description: An Act repealing the act of June 2, 1933 (P.L.1423, No.308), entitled "An act relating to Sunday music; permitting musicians to receive compensation for services rendered on Sunday; authorizing pay concerts to be given and broadcast on Sunday under certain circumstances, and allowing school and certain public buildings and parks to be used therefor; conferring powers and imposing duties on the Department of Public Instruction; and imposing penalties."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the Farm-to-School Program; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for the Farm-to-School Program; and making a related repeal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of July 2, 1935 (P.L.599, No.211), entitled "An act relating to motion picture exhibitions and sound motion picture exhibitions, together with orchestral or other instrumental musical or mechanical musical accompaniment, prelude, playing, or selection in connection with or incidental thereto on Sunday; prohibiting motion picture exhibitions and sound motion picture exhibitions, and orchestral or other instrumental musical or mechanical musical accompaniment, prelude, playing, or selection incidental thereto on Sunday during certain hours, and also during other hours, unless the electors of a municipality approve thereof; regulating the employment of persons in conducting such exhibitions on Sunday; providing for referendums to ascertain the will of the electors; and providing penalties; and repealing inconsistent laws.". Description: An Act repealing the act of July 2, 1935 (P.L.599, No.211), entitled "An act relating to motion picture exhibitions and sound motion picture exhibitions, together with orchestral or other instrumental musical or mechanical musical accompaniment, prelude, playing, or selection in connection with or incidental thereto on Sunday; prohibiting motion picture exhibitions and sound motion picture exhibitions, and orchestral or other instrumental musical or mechanical musical accompaniment, prelude, playing, or selection incidental thereto on Sunday during certain hours, and also during other hours, unless the electors of a municipality approve thereof; regulating the employment of persons in conducting such exhibitions on Sunday; providing for referendums to ascertain the will of the electors; and providing penalties; and repealing inconsistent laws."
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In property and waters, further providing for the offense of damage to property; in protection of property and waters, further providing for the offense of littering; in fishing licenses, further providing for form and expiration of licenses; in preliminary provisions relating to boats and boating, further providing for boating education; and, in operation of boats, further providing for the offense of operating watercraft under influence of alcohol or controlled substance and providing for the offense of aggravated assault by watercraft.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in property and waters, further providing for the offense of damage to property; in protection of property and waters, further providing for the offense of littering; in fishing licenses, further providing for form and expiration of licenses; in preliminary provisions relating to boats and boating, further providing for boating education; and, in operation of boats, further providing for the offense of operating watercraft under influence of alcohol or controlled substance and providing for the offense of aggravated assault by watercraft.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In special licenses and permits, further providing for Lake Erie fishing permits.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in special licenses and permits, further providing for Lake Erie fishing permits.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In hunting and furtaking, further providing for unlawful devices and methods.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in hunting and furtaking, further providing for unlawful devices and methods.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for COVID-19 enforcement officer disability benefits, for COVID-19 health care professionals reporting and for volunteer emergency responders employer tax credit; and, in general provisions, providing for extensions for COVID-19 disaster emergency.. Description: An Act amending Titles 35 (Health and Safety) and 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for COVID-19 enforcement officer disability benefits, for COVID-19 health care professionals reporting and for volunteer emergency responders employer tax credit; and, in general provisions, providing for extensions for COVID-19 disaster emergency.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, making editorial changes.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for cytomegalovirus education and newborn screening.. Description: An Act providing for cytomegalovirus education and newborn screening.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In municipal authorities, further providing for money of authority.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in municipal authorities, further providing for money of authority.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for Special Education Funding Commission and for Basic Education Funding Commission; in school finances, further providing for payroll tax; in grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; in school safety and security, further providing for School Safety and Security Grant Program and providing for COVID-19 disaster emergency school health and safety grants for 2020-2021 school year; in terms and courses of study, providing for minimal number of days; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments and for Community College Capital Fund; in rural regional college for underserved counties, further providing for designation and board of trustees; in miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, further providing for Public Higher Education Funding Commission; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2020-2021; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for student-weighted basic education funding, for payments to intermediate units, for special education payments to school districts, for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status, for payments on account of pupil transportation and for payments of required contribution for public school employees' social security; and, in constructions and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for applicability; and repealing provisions relating to report of racial and ethnic groupings, to study of public schools that provide Internet instruction, to corporate seal, to submission of plans, to disapproval of plans, to Department of Public Instruction to prepare plans, to establishment of reorganized school districts, to advance establishment, to special school watchmen-school districts in townships of the second class, to copies of school laws, to educational broadcasting, to residences for teachers and janitors, to heating stoves to be shielded, to ventilation and thermometer, to fireproof construction, to doors to open outward and fire escapes, etc., to completion of abandoned WPA projects in districts of the third and fourth class, to condition of grounds and shade trees, to summer schools, etc., to possession of telephone pagers prohibited, to nonprofit school food program, to antitruancy programs, to medical care for children under six with defective hearing, to report, to care and treatment of pupils, to local wellness policy, to foreign language academies, to monthly reports to school directors of the districts second, third and fourth class, to Read to Succeed Program, to department duties and powers, to schools or classes, supervisors, principals, instructors, etc., to estimate of expenses and reimbursements and appropriations, to teachers of evening schools, to duties of public institutions of higher education and to special study on the revenue impact of out-of-State tax credits.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, further providing for Special Education Funding Commission and for Basic Education Funding Commission; in school finances, further providing for payroll tax; in grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; in school safety and security, further providing for School Safety and Security Grant Program and providing for COVID-19 disaster emergency school health and safety grants for 2020-2021 school year; in terms and courses of study, providing for minimal number of days; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments and for Community College Capital Fund; in rural regional college for underserved counties, further providing for designation and board of trustees; in miscellaneous provisions relating to institutions of higher education, further providing for Public Higher Education Funding Commission; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2020-2021; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for student-weighted basic education funding, for payments to intermediate units, for special education payments to school districts, for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status, for payments on account of pupil transportation and for payments of required contribution for public school employees' social security; and, in constructions and renovation of buildings by school entities, further providing for applicability; and repealing provisions relating to report of racial and ethnic groupings, to study of public schools that provide Internet instruction, to corporate seal, to submission of plans, to disapproval of plans, to Department of Public Instruction to prepare plans, to establishment of reorganized school districts, to advance establishment, to special school watchmen-school districts in townships of the second class, to copies of school laws, to educational broadcasting, to residences for teachers and janitors, to heating stoves to be shielded, to ventilation and thermometer, to fireproof construction, to doors to open outward and fire escapes, etc., to completion of abandoned WPA projects in districts of the third and fourth class, to condition of grounds and shade trees, to summer schools, etc., to possession of telephone pagers prohibited, to nonprofit school food program, to antitruancy programs, to medical care for children under six with defective hearing, to report, to care and treatment of pupils, to local wellness policy, to foreign language academies, to monthly reports to school directors of the districts second, third and fourth class, to Read to Succeed Program, to department duties and powers, to schools or classes, supervisors, principals, instructors, etc., to estimate of expenses and reimbursements and appropriations, to teachers of evening schools, to duties of public institutions of higher education and to special study on the revenue impact of out-of-State tax credits.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Consolidating the Solicitation of Funds for Charitable Purposes Act and the Institutions of Purely Public Charity Act; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending Title 10 (Charities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, consolidating the Solicitation of Funds for Charitable Purposes Act and the Institutions of Purely Public Charity Act; and making related repeals.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the creation of keystone opportunity dairy zones to facilitate the economic development of Pennsylvania's dairy industry; authorizing expenditures; providing tax exemptions, tax deductions, tax abatements and tax credits; creating additional obligations of the Commonwealth and local governmental units; and prescribing powers and duties of certain State and local departments, agencies and officials.. Description: An Act providing for the creation of keystone opportunity dairy zones to facilitate the economic development of Pennsylvania's dairy industry; authorizing expenditures; providing tax exemptions, tax deductions, tax abatements and tax credits; creating additional obligations of the Commonwealth and local governmental units; and prescribing powers and duties of certain State and local departments, agencies and officials.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In purpose, short title and definitions, further providing for definitions and construction; in general powers of the board, providing for coordination with Department of Revenue; and, in prices of milk, further providing for cooperatives.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 28, 1937 (P.L.417, No.105), known as the Milk Marketing Law, in purpose, short title and definitions, further providing for definitions and construction; in general powers of the board, providing for coordination with Department of Revenue; and, in prices of milk, further providing for cooperatives.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for emergency finance and tax provisions; in additional special funds, providing for COVID-19 response transfers and for the Enhanced Revenue Collection Account; in 2018-2019 budget implementation, further providing for Department of Revenue; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, providing for emergency finance and tax provisions; in additional special funds, providing for COVID-19 response transfers and for the Enhanced Revenue Collection Account; in 2018-2019 budget implementation, further providing for Department of Revenue; and making an editorial change.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 54683, on that portion of State Route 3009 (Kushequa Avenue) over the Kinzua Creek in Kushequa, Hamlin Township, McKean County, as the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 54683, on that portion of State Route 3009 (Kushequa Avenue) over the Kinzua Creek in Kushequa, Hamlin Township, McKean County, as the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for the duration of grants.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 23, 2002 (P.L.298, No.39), known as the Main Street Act, further providing for the duration of grants.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In municipal financial distress, further providing for designation and for performance of coordinator; and, in receivership in municipalities, further providing for receiver.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 10, 1987 (P.L.246, No.47), known as the Municipalities Financial Recovery Act, in municipal financial distress, further providing for designation and for performance of coordinator; and, in receivership in municipalities, further providing for receiver.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In facilities and supplies, further providing for deposits into account.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in facilities and supplies, further providing for deposits into account.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the bridge identified as Bridge Key 3522 on that portion of Interstate 376 over the Ohio River in Vanport Township, Beaver County, as the Richard L. Shaw Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge identified as Bridge Key 3522 on that portion of Interstate 376 over the Ohio River in Vanport Township, Beaver County, as the Richard L. Shaw Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 18676, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 747 over the Juniata River in Mount Union Borough, Huntingdon County, as the Captain Joseph S. Giacobello Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 18676, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 747 over the Juniata River in Mount Union Borough, Huntingdon County, as the Captain Joseph S. Giacobello Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In child protective services, further providing for definitions, for reporting procedure, for disposition of complaints received, for responsibility for investigation, for access to information in Statewide database, for information in Statewide database and for release of information in confidential reports.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child protective services, further providing for definitions, for reporting procedure, for disposition of complaints received, for responsibility for investigation, for access to information in Statewide database, for information in Statewide database and for release of information in confidential reports.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of August 11, 1967 (P.L.205, No.69), entitled "An act to validate conveyances and other instruments which have been defectively acknowledged," extending the date for validation of certain conveyances and other instruments.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 11, 1967 (P.L.205, No.69), entitled "An act to validate conveyances and other instruments which have been defectively acknowledged," extending the date for validation of certain conveyances and other instruments.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of April 2, 1963 (P.L.16, No.14), entitled "An act authorizing the Department of Highways, with the approval of the Governor, to construct a highway, and to erect and maintain a bridge over the Kiskiminetas River in Westmoreland and Armstrong Counties, and to provide the necessary approaches and connections with State highways; empowering counties to pay certain damages; and making an appropriation therefor.". Description: An Act repealing the act of April 2, 1963 (P.L.16, No.14), entitled "An act authorizing the Department of Highways, with the approval of the Governor, to construct a highway, and to erect and maintain a bridge over the Kiskiminetas River in Westmoreland and Armstrong Counties, and to provide the necessary approaches and connections with State highways; empowering counties to pay certain damages; and making an appropriation therefor."
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, further providing for fees and charges.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 28, 1995 (P.L.89, No.18), known as the Conservation and Natural Resources Act, in Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, further providing for fees and charges.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for Keystone Exams and graduation requirements.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, further providing for Keystone Exams and graduation requirements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In military educational programs, further providing for definitions, for eligibility, for grants, for amount of grants, for limitations, for recoupment of grant payments, for regulations, for administration and for Educational Assistance Program Fund and providing for a military family education program; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in military educational programs, further providing for definitions, for eligibility, for grants, for amount of grants, for limitations, for recoupment of grant payments, for regulations, for administration and for Educational Assistance Program Fund and providing for a military family education program; and making editorial changes.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In burglary and other criminal intrusion, further providing for the offense of criminal trespass.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in burglary and other criminal intrusion, further providing for the offense of criminal trespass.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing in part the act of June 13, 1836 (P.L.551, No.169), entitled "An act relating to roads, highways and bridges.". Description: An Act repealing in part the act of June 13, 1836 (P.L.551, No.169), entitled "An act relating to roads, highways and bridges."
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In school health services, further providing for health services and providing for vision screening and examinations.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school health services, further providing for health services and providing for vision screening and examinations.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for limited civil liability for agritourism activity providers, for notice of limited civil liability and for acknowledgment of limited civil liability.. Description: An Act providing for limited civil liability for agritourism activity providers, for notice of limited civil liability and for acknowledgment of limited civil liability.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of April 1, 1863 (P.L.213, No.227), entitled "An act to accept the grant of Public Lands, by the United States, to the several states, for the endowment of Agricultural Colleges," making appropriations for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of such appropriations, for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure; and making an appropriation from a restricted account within the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund.. Description: A Supplement to the act of April 1, 1863 (P.L.213, No.227), entitled "An act to accept the grant of Public Lands, by the United States, to the several states, for the endowment of Agricultural Colleges," making appropriations for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of such appropriations, for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure; and making an appropriation from a restricted account within the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of July 28, 1966 (3rd Sp.Sess., P.L.87, No.3), known as the University of Pittsburgh--Commonwealth Act, making appropriations for carrying the same into effect; and providing for a basis for payments of such appropriations, for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure.. Description: A Supplement to the act of July 28, 1966 (3rd Sp.Sess., P.L.87, No.3), known as the University of Pittsburgh--Commonwealth Act, making appropriations for carrying the same into effect; and providing for a basis for payments of such appropriations, for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of November 30, 1965 (P.L.843, No.355), known as the Temple University--Commonwealth Act, making an appropriation for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of such appropriation; and providing a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure.. Description: A Supplement to the act of November 30, 1965 (P.L.843, No.355), known as the Temple University--Commonwealth Act, making an appropriation for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of such appropriation; and providing a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of July 7, 1972 (P.L.743, No.176), known as the Lincoln University-Commonwealth Act, making an appropriation for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of the appropriation; providing for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated; and providing for certain fiscal information disclosure.. Description: A Supplement to the act of July 7, 1972 (P.L.743, No.176), known as the Lincoln University-Commonwealth Act, making an appropriation for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of the appropriation; providing for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated; and providing for certain fiscal information disclosure.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations to the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania.. Description: An Act making appropriations to the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a bill of rights for individuals with intellectual disabilities or autism; and providing for waiting lists for intellectual disability or autism services and report.. Description: An Act establishing a bill of rights for individuals with intellectual disabilities or autism; and providing for waiting lists for intellectual disability or autism services and report.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Repealing the act of June 22, 1935 (P.L.446, No.187), referred to as the Sunday Polo Act.. Description: An Act repealing the act of June 22, 1935 (P.L.446, No.187), referred to as the Sunday Polo Act.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fishing licenses, providing for active duty military fishing reciprocity and for disabled veteran annual fishing license reciprocity; and, in hunting and furtaking licenses, providing for active duty military hunting reciprocity and for disabled veteran annual hunting license reciprocity.. Description: An Act amending Titles 30 (Fish) and 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fishing licenses, providing for active duty military fishing reciprocity and for disabled veteran annual fishing license reciprocity; and, in hunting and furtaking licenses, providing for active duty military hunting reciprocity and for disabled veteran annual hunting license reciprocity.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 2016 over the Casselman River in Rockwood Borough, Somerset County, as the PFC Alton Glenn Sterner Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 2016 over the Casselman River in Rockwood Borough, Somerset County, as the PFC Alton Glenn Sterner Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 96 over the Little Wills Creek, Bedford County, as the Staff Sgt. Roger (Rod) Guy Holler Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 96 over the Little Wills Creek, Bedford County, as the Staff Sgt. Roger (Rod) Guy Holler Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In sexual offenses, providing for the offense of sexual extortion.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sexual offenses, providing for the offense of sexual extortion.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of July 2, 1901 (P.L.610, No.306), entitled "An act to encourage the planting of trees along the roadsides of this Commonwealth, and providing a penalty for killing, removing or injuring the same; what disposition is to be made of moneys collected as penalties, and for keeping a record, by the supervisor of roads or boards of supervisors of roads, of the trees so planted and upon which a tax abatement has been granted.". Description: An Act repealing the act of July 2, 1901 (P.L.610, No.306), entitled "An act to encourage the planting of trees along the roadsides of this Commonwealth, and providing a penalty for killing, removing or injuring the same; what disposition is to be made of moneys collected as penalties, and for keeping a record, by the supervisor of roads or boards of supervisors of roads, of the trees so planted and upon which a tax abatement has been granted."
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Repealing the act of June 22, 1935 (P.L.449, No.188), referred to as the Sunday Tennis Act.. Description: An Act repealing the act of June 22, 1935 (P.L.449, No.188), referred to as the Sunday Tennis Act.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of July 30, 1959 (P.L.585, No.192), entitled "An act permitting the completion of baseball games in cities of the first, second, second class A, and third class, and townships of the first class, notwithstanding provisions to the contrary.". Description: An Act repealing the act of July 30, 1959 (P.L.585, No.192), entitled "An act permitting the completion of baseball games in cities of the first, second, second class A, and third class, and townships of the first class, notwithstanding provisions to the contrary."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for declaration of policy and for definitions; providing for military installation remediation; and establishing the Military Installation Remediation Fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 8, 2004 (P.L.1801, No.238), known as the Transit Revitalization Investment District Act, in general provisions, further providing for declaration of policy and for definitions; providing for military installation remediation; and establishing the Military Installation Remediation Fund.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In city revitalization and improvement zones, further providing for reports and for restrictions; and, in rural jobs and investment tax credit, further providing for definitions, for rural growth funds, for tax credit certificates, for claiming the tax credit and for revocation of tax credit certificates.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in city revitalization and improvement zones, further providing for reports and for restrictions; and, in rural jobs and investment tax credit, further providing for definitions, for rural growth funds, for tax credit certificates, for claiming the tax credit and for revocation of tax credit certificates.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for mental health parity and access to addiction treatment.. Description: An Act amending Title 40 (Insurance) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in regulation of insurers and related persons generally, providing for mental health parity and access to addiction treatment.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the bridge located at 3957'48.9"N 7902'40.7"W (U.S. Route 219 over Walters Mill Road), as the Mark J. Baserman Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge located at 3957'48.9"N 7902'40.7"W (U.S. Route 219 over Walters Mill Road), as the Mark J. Baserman Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in local government, providing for removal of municipal officers.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in local government, providing for removal of municipal officers.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In volunteer fire company, ambulance service and rescue squad assistance, providing for referendum to expand loan assistance.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in volunteer fire company, ambulance service and rescue squad assistance, providing for referendum to expand loan assistance.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In casualty insurance, further providing for mastectomy and breast cancer reconstruction.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in casualty insurance, further providing for mastectomy and breast cancer reconstruction.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to emergency management services, further providing for definitions; providing for emergency responder mental wellness and stress management; establishing the Statewide Critical Incident Stress Management Program; providing for duties of the Secretary of Health and the Department of Health; in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for immunity from civil liability; and, in emergency medical services system, further providing for support of emergency medical services.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions relating to emergency management services, further providing for definitions; providing for emergency responder mental wellness and stress management; establishing the Statewide Critical Incident Stress Management Program; providing for duties of the Secretary of Health and the Department of Health; in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for immunity from civil liability; and, in emergency medical services system, further providing for support of emergency medical services.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In administrative organization, repealing provisions relating to employees with access to Federal tax information and providing for criminal history background checks of employees and contractors with access to Federal tax information; in organization of independent administrative boards and commissions, providing for Center for Rural Pennsylvania; in Office of State Inspector General, further providing for powers, purpose and duties and for criminal charges; in Commonwealth budget procedures, further providing for submission of budget to General Assembly; in Commonwealth agency fees, further providing for Department of State; in Independent Fiscal Office, further providing for revenue estimates; providing for Joint Underwriting Association accountability; in powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry, its departmental administrative and advisory boards and departmental administrative officers, providing for Bureau of Occupational and Industrial Safety; providing for legislative agencies and the continuation of Pennsylvania Commission on Sentencing; and making editorial changes and related repeals.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in administrative organization, repealing provisions relating to employees with access to Federal tax information and providing for criminal history background checks of employees and contractors with access to Federal tax information; in organization of independent administrative boards and commissions, providing for Center for Rural Pennsylvania; in Office of State Inspector General, further providing for powers, purpose and duties and for criminal charges; in Commonwealth budget procedures, further providing for submission of budget to General Assembly; in Commonwealth agency fees, further providing for Department of State; in Independent Fiscal Office, further providing for revenue estimates; providing for Joint Underwriting Association accountability; in powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry, its departmental administrative and advisory boards and departmental administrative officers, providing for Bureau of Occupational and Industrial Safety; providing for legislative agencies and the continuation of Pennsylvania Commission on Sentencing; and making editorial changes and related repeals.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in criminal history record information, further providing for use of records by licensing agencies; providing for preliminary provisions and for Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs; consolidating the provisions of Act 48 of 1993; and making a related repeal.. Description: Amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in criminal history record information, further providing for use of records by licensing agencies; providing for preliminary provisions and for Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs; consolidating the provisions of Act 48 of 1993; and making a related repeal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 35729, on that portion of State Route 3041 in Texas Township, Wayne County, as the PFC Raymond P. Schwesinger Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 35729, on that portion of State Route 3041 in Texas Township, Wayne County, as the PFC Raymond P. Schwesinger Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for financial transparency.. Description: An Act amending Title 72 (Taxation and Fiscal Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for financial transparency.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 183 from Segment 0040/Offset 2555 to Segment 110/Offset 1180 in Berks County as the Trooper Wayne C. Ebert Memorial Highway; designating a bridge on that portion of S.R. 2087 over Inners Creek near Lake Redman, York Township, York County, as the Corporal Michael Cohen Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 50 in Mount Pleasant Township, Washington County, as the Corporal Brady Clement Paul Memorial Highway; designating the Morgan Road Bridge over Interstate 79 in Cecil Township, Washington County, as the Wreathes Across America Bridge; designating the Interstate 70 Exit 17 in City of Washington, Washington County, as the Sergeant Russell Crupe, Jr., Memorial Exit; designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 7381, on that portion of North Main Street over the East Branch Perkiomen Creek, Sellersville Borough, Bucks County, as the Sellersville Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 39 in Dauphin County, from Dover Road to Forest Hills Drive, as the Officer Mark Gaspich Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11414, on U.S. Route 219 in Brady Township, Clearfield County, as the Lance Corporal Robert Clyde Gontero Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 46789, on that portion of State Route 3012 over Back Creek on the Border of Hamilton Township and St. Thomas Township, Franklin County, as the Sergeant Melvin G. Ehrhart Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 8042 over U.S. Route 40, West Brownsville Borough, Washington County, as the SFC Thomas McDonough Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 53827, on that portion of State Route 2003, also known as S. Porter Street, over the South Fork Tenmile Creek in Waynesburg, Greene County, as the Sheriff Brian A. Tennant Memorial Bridge; designating the interchange of State Route 43, also known as the Mon-Fayette Expressway, with U.S. Route 40, known as Exit 22, in Redstone Township, Fayette County, as the PFC Joseph Frank Duda Memorial Interchange; and designating the interchange of U.S. Route 40 with State Route 4035, also known as Market Street and Spring Street, in Brownsville, Fayette County, as the Corporal Denny Ray Easter Memorial Interchange.. Description: An Act designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 183 from Segment 0040/Offset 2555 to Segment 110/Offset 1180 in Berks County as the Trooper Wayne C. Ebert Memorial Highway; designating a bridge on that portion of S.R. 2087 over Inners Creek near Lake Redman, York Township, York County, as the Corporal Michael Cohen Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 50 in Mount Pleasant Township, Washington County, as the Corporal Brady Clement Paul Memorial Highway; designating the Morgan Road Bridge over Interstate 79 in Cecil Township, Washington County, as the Wreathes Across America Bridge; designating the Interstate 70 Exit 17 in City of Washington, Washington County, as the Sergeant Russell Crupe, Jr., Memorial Exit; designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 7381, on that portion of North Main Street over the East Branch Perkiomen Creek, Sellersville Borough, Bucks County, as the Sellersville Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 39 in Dauphin County, from Dover Road to Forest Hills Drive, as the Officer Mark Gaspich Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11414, on U.S. Route 219 in Brady Township, Clearfield County, as the Lance Corporal Robert Clyde Gontero Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 46789, on that portion of State Route 3012 over Back Creek on the Border of Hamilton Township and St. Thomas Township, Franklin County, as the Sergeant Melvin G. Ehrhart Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 8042 over U.S. Route 40, West Brownsville Borough, Washington County, as the SFC Thomas McDonough Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 53827, on that portion of State Route 2003, also known as S. Porter Street, over the South Fork Tenmile Creek in Waynesburg, Greene County, as the Sheriff Brian A. Tennant Memorial Bridge; designating the interchange of State Route 43, also known as the Mon-Fayette Expressway, with U.S. Route 40, known as Exit 22, in Redstone Township, Fayette County, as the PFC Joseph Frank Duda Memorial Interchange; and designating the interchange of U.S. Route 40 with State Route 4035, also known as Market Street and Spring Street, in Brownsville, Fayette County, as the Corporal Denny Ray Easter Memorial Interchange.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In certificates of public convenience, further providing for enumeration of acts requiring certificate.. Description: An Act amending Title 66 (Public Utilities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in certificates of public convenience, further providing for enumeration of acts requiring certificate.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Agriculture Rapid Response Disaster Readiness Account.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing the Agriculture Rapid Response Disaster Readiness Account.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In soil and conservation, providing for Conservation Excellence Grant Program; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in soil and conservation, providing for Conservation Excellence Grant Program; and making an editorial change.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for grant programs; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for grant programs; and making a related repeal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for Commonwealth Specialty Crop Block Grant Program; and establishing the Commonwealth Specialty Crop Block Grant Fund.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for Commonwealth Specialty Crop Block Grant Program; and establishing the Commonwealth Specialty Crop Block Grant Fund.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Preferred® Trademark, further providing for Pennsylvania Preferred® Trademark Licensing Fund and providing for military veterans; providing for grant programs; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Preferred® Trademark, further providing for Pennsylvania Preferred® Trademark Licensing Fund and providing for military veterans; providing for grant programs; and making editorial changes.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Preferred Trademark, providing for military veterans; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Preferred Trademark, providing for military veterans; and making editorial changes.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for minors serving in volunteer emergency service organizations.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 24, 2012 (P.L.1209, No.151), known as the Child Labor Act, further providing for minors serving in volunteer emergency service organizations.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Agricultural Business Development Center and the Agricultural Business Development Center Advisory Committee.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing the Agricultural Business Development Center and the Agricultural Business Development Center Advisory Committee.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in licenses and regulations, liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for limiting number of retail licenses to be issued in each county and for licenses not assignable and transfers.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in licenses and regulations, liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for limiting number of retail licenses to be issued in each county and for licenses not assignable and transfers.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, providing for Agriculture-Linked Investment Program; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, providing for Agriculture-Linked Investment Program; and making related repeals.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for unlawful acts or practices and exclusions.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 17, 1968 (P.L.1224, No.387), known as the Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, further providing for definitions and for unlawful acts or practices and exclusions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for suspension of operating privilege; in rules of the road in general, further providing for the offense of overtaking vehicle on the left and providing for vehicles passing pedestrians on a highway; in special vehicles and pedestrians, further providing for penalty for violation of subchapter; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for the offense of careless driving.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for suspension of operating privilege; in rules of the road in general, further providing for the offense of overtaking vehicle on the left and providing for vehicles passing pedestrians on a highway; in special vehicles and pedestrians, further providing for penalty for violation of subchapter; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for the offense of careless driving.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In administration of act, further providing for records of and reports by employers; in contributions by employers and employees, further providing for contributions by employees; in compensation, further providing for qualifications required to secure compensation and for rate and amount of compensation; in determination of compensation, appeals, reviews and procedure, further providing for determination of compensation appeals and for decision of referee and further appeals and reviews; and, in shared-work program, further providing for participating employer responsibilities.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 5, 1936 (2nd Sp.Sess., 1937 P.L.2897, No.1), known as the Unemployment Compensation Law, in administration of act, further providing for records of and reports by employers; in contributions by employers and employees, further providing for contributions by employees; in compensation, further providing for qualifications required to secure compensation and for rate and amount of compensation; in determination of compensation, appeals, reviews and procedure, further providing for determination of compensation appeals and for decision of referee and further appeals and reviews; and, in shared-work program, further providing for participating employer responsibilities.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for parole procedure.. Description: An Act amending Title 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for parole procedure.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, providing for special plates for recipients of Air Medal.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, providing for special plates for recipients of Air Medal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in licenses and regulations relating to liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for special occasion permits and for wine and spirits auction permits.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in licenses and regulations relating to liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for special occasion permits and for wine and spirits auction permits.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the highway interchange of U.S. Route 422 with Pennsylvania Route 66, Manor Township, Armstrong County, as the Senator Donald C. White Interchange; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 144 beginning at the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 26 in Pleasant Gap and ending at the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 45 in Centre Hall, Centre County, as the Duster-Quad 50-Searchlight Highway; designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 31377, on that portion of State Route 2047 over the Flaugherty Creek, Meyersdale Borough, Somerset County, as the Harry Beal Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over Buffalo Creek in Brothersvalley Township, Somerset County, as the John Vatavuk Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge carrying State Route 4009 in York County over the Conewago Creek as the Staff Sergeant Gary Crone Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge located at 39°57'48.9"N 79°02'40.7"W (U.S. Route 219 over Walters Mill Road), as the Mark J. Baserman Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 35729, on that portion of State Route 3041 in Texas Township, Wayne County, as the PFC Raymond P. Schwesinger Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 8671, on that portion of Washington Street over the Stonycreek River in Johnstown City, Cambria County, as the SFC Raymond R. Buchan Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 27659, on that portion of State Route 2034, also known as Edge Hill Road, over Pennsylvania Route 611, also known as Old York Road, in Abington Township, Montgomery County, as the Captain Samuel Schultz Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 1002, also known as Friend Lea Road, over U.S. Route 219 in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Cyril T. Yeckley Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, known as Buena Vista Bridge, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 56 over Blacklick Creek in East Wheat Township, Indiana County, as the Spc. Beverly S. Clark Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 553, bridge ID 32055302000620, over Dutch Run in Pine Township, Indiana County, as the Private Chancy Franklin Davis Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 403 over Dixon Run, Clymer Borough, Indiana County, as the PFC Martin J. Popson Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of U.S. Route 422 over Yellow Creek, Cherryhill Township, Indiana County, as the PFC Ralph E. Dias Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19010, on that portion of United States Route 119 over the Yellow Creek in Center Township, Indiana County, as the Dr. Patricia Hilliard-Robertson Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge located on Pennsylvania Route 897 (Main Street) over Little Cocalico Creek in West Cocalico Township, Lancaster County, as the Sheriff Terry A. Bergman Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 3059 near its intersection with Little Creek Road to the area immediately before State Route 3059 intersects with Officer David D. Tome Memorial Circle located on State Route 116 at Hanover Road and Roth's Church Road in Spring Grove, York County, as Corporal Earl H. Markle Memorial Road; designating the portion of State Route 2012 South beginning at the intersection of South Courtland Street and Day Street and ending at its intersection with Brown Street in East Stroudsburg Borough, Monroe County, as the Samuel Newman Way; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4021 over the Honeoye Creek, Sharon Township, Potter County, as the Tec 5 C. Virgil Voorhees Memorial Bridge; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act designating the highway interchange of U.S. Route 422 with Pennsylvania Route 66, Manor Township, Armstrong County, as the Senator Donald C. White Interchange; designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 144 beginning at the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 26 in Pleasant Gap and ending at the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 45 in Centre Hall, Centre County, as the Duster-Quad 50-Searchlight Highway; designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 31377, on that portion of State Route 2047 over the Flaugherty Creek, Meyersdale Borough, Somerset County, as the Harry Beal Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of U.S. Route 219 over Buffalo Creek in Brothersvalley Township, Somerset County, as the John Vatavuk Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge carrying State Route 4009 in York County over the Conewago Creek as the Staff Sergeant Gary Crone Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge located at 39°57'48.9"N 79°02'40.7"W (U.S. Route 219 over Walters Mill Road), as the Mark J. Baserman Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 35729, on that portion of State Route 3041 in Texas Township, Wayne County, as the PFC Raymond P. Schwesinger Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 8671, on that portion of Washington Street over the Stonycreek River in Johnstown City, Cambria County, as the SFC Raymond R. Buchan Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 27659, on that portion of State Route 2034, also known as Edge Hill Road, over Pennsylvania Route 611, also known as Old York Road, in Abington Township, Montgomery County, as the Captain Samuel Schultz Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 1002, also known as Friend Lea Road, over U.S. Route 219 in Cambria Township, Cambria County, as the PFC Cyril T. Yeckley Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, known as Buena Vista Bridge, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 56 over Blacklick Creek in East Wheat Township, Indiana County, as the Spc. Beverly S. Clark Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 553, bridge ID 32055302000620, over Dutch Run in Pine Township, Indiana County, as the Private Chancy Franklin Davis Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 403 over Dixon Run, Clymer Borough, Indiana County, as the PFC Martin J. Popson Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of U.S. Route 422 over Yellow Creek, Cherryhill Township, Indiana County, as the PFC Ralph E. Dias Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 19010, on that portion of United States Route 119 over the Yellow Creek in Center Township, Indiana County, as the Dr. Patricia Hilliard-Robertson Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge located on Pennsylvania Route 897 (Main Street) over Little Cocalico Creek in West Cocalico Township, Lancaster County, as the Sheriff Terry A. Bergman Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of State Route 3059 near its intersection with Little Creek Road to the area immediately before State Route 3059 intersects with Officer David D. Tome Memorial Circle located on State Route 116 at Hanover Road and Roth's Church Road in Spring Grove, York County, as Corporal Earl H. Markle Memorial Road; designating the portion of State Route 2012 South beginning at the intersection of South Courtland Street and Day Street and ending at its intersection with Brown Street in East Stroudsburg Borough, Monroe County, as the Samuel Newman Way; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4021 over the Honeoye Creek, Sharon Township, Potter County, as the Tec 5 C. Virgil Voorhees Memorial Bridge; and making a related repeal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sales and use tax, further providing for definitions and for imposition of tax; and, in special taxing authority, further providing for special taxing authority.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in sales and use tax, further providing for definitions and for imposition of tax; and, in special taxing authority, further providing for special taxing authority.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for designating areas unsuitable for coal refuse disposal.. Description: An Act amending the act of September 24, 1968 (P.L.1040, No.318), known as the Coal Refuse Disposal Control Act, further providing for designating areas unsuitable for coal refuse disposal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In municipal authorities, further providing for purposes and powers.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in municipal authorities, further providing for purposes and powers.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In consolidated county assessment, further providing for definitions, for subjects of local taxation, for assessment of mobile homes and house trailers, for special provisions relating to countywide revisions of assessments and for regulations and training of boards.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in consolidated county assessment, further providing for definitions, for subjects of local taxation, for assessment of mobile homes and house trailers, for special provisions relating to countywide revisions of assessments and for regulations and training of boards.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs, further providing for civil penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers and duties of the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs, further providing for civil penalties.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In creation, alteration and termination of condominiums, further providing for contents of declaration and all condominiums and for amendment of declaration; in management of the condominium, further providing for bylaws; in protection of purchasers, further providing for public offering statement and general provisions; in creation, alteration and termination of cooperatives, further providing for contents of declaration and for amendment of declaration; in management of cooperatives, further providing for bylaws; in protection of cooperative interest purchasers, further providing for public offering statement and general provisions; in creation, alteration and termination of planned communities, further providing for contents of declaration and all planned communities and for amendment of declaration; in management of planned community, further providing for bylaws; and, in protection of purchasers, further providing for public offering statement and general provisions.. Description: An Act amending Title 68 (Real and Personal Property) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in creation, alteration and termination of condominiums, further providing for contents of declaration and all condominiums and for amendment of declaration; in management of the condominium, further providing for bylaws; in protection of purchasers, further providing for public offering statement and general provisions; in creation, alteration and termination of cooperatives, further providing for contents of declaration and for amendment of declaration; in management of cooperatives, further providing for bylaws; in protection of cooperative interest purchasers, further providing for public offering statement and general provisions; in creation, alteration and termination of planned communities, further providing for contents of declaration and all planned communities and for amendment of declaration; in management of planned community, further providing for bylaws; and, in protection of purchasers, further providing for public offering statement and general provisions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In auditors and accountants, further providing for appointment of accountant and providing for appointment of independent auditor and abolishment of office of elected auditor.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in auditors and accountants, further providing for appointment of accountant and providing for appointment of independent auditor and abolishment of office of elected auditor.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission, repealing provisions relating to waterways patrolmen and employees.. Description: An Act amending Title 30 (Fish) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission, repealing provisions relating to waterways patrolmen and employees.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in licenses and regulations, liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for sales by liquor licensees, restrictions, for public venue license and for performing acts facility license.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in licenses and regulations, liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for sales by liquor licensees, restrictions, for public venue license and for performing acts facility license.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Commonwealth Financing Authority, establishing the Dairy Investment Program and Dairy Investment Program Account.. Description: An Act amending Title 64 (Public Authorities and Quasi-Public Corporations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth Financing Authority, establishing the Dairy Investment Program and Dairy Investment Program Account.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 8671, on that portion of Washington Street over the Conemaugh River in Johnstown City, Cambria County, as the SFC Raymond R. Buchan Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 8671, on that portion of Washington Street over the Conemaugh River in Johnstown City, Cambria County, as the SFC Raymond R. Buchan Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the highway interchange of U.S. Route 222 with Mohns Hill Road, Cumru Township, Berks County, as the Corporal Mahlon L. Fink Iwo Jima Memorial Highway Interchange; designating the portion of State Route 1015, also known as Knights Road, between State Route 63 and U.S. Route 13 in the City of Philadelphia as the Sergeant James O'Connor IV Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 57213, carrying State Route 1036 over Six Mile Run, Broad Top Township, Bedford County, as the Sergeant David Leon Barber Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52785, on that portion of State Route 4027 over Bald Eagle Creek, Snyder Township, Blair County, as the Cpl. Donald L. Westley Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 48976, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 669 that crosses the Casselman River at the west end of Ord Street, Salisbury Borough, Somerset County, as the Sergeant Stephen M. Minick Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 31586, on that portion of State Route 2004 carrying Broadway Street over the Casselman River, in Summit Township, Somerset County, as the Airman Michael L. Menser Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 15279, on that portion of State Route 2025, also known as Morton Avenue, over Stony Creek in Morton Borough, Delaware County, as the Captain Michael Malinowski, Sr., Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 2012 in Monroe County as the Reverend Dr. Bishop William Earl Lee Highway; designating the bridge on I-70 in Westmoreland County over the Youghiogheny River as the Matthew Smelser Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of County Line Road (SR 2038) between N. Warminster Road and Newtown Road in Bucks County as the Captain William J. Ahlum Memorial Highway; and designating the portion of County Line Road (SR 2038) between N. Warminster Road and Jacksonville Road in Bucks County, as the Specialist 4 Harold E. Cashman Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating the highway interchange of U.S. Route 222 with Mohns Hill Road, Cumru Township, Berks County, as the Corporal Mahlon L. Fink Iwo Jima Memorial Highway Interchange; designating the portion of State Route 1015, also known as Knights Road, between State Route 63 and U.S. Route 13 in the City of Philadelphia as the Sergeant James O'Connor IV Memorial Highway; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 57213, carrying State Route 1036 over Six Mile Run, Broad Top Township, Bedford County, as the Sergeant David Leon Barber Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 52785, on that portion of State Route 4027 over Bald Eagle Creek, Snyder Township, Blair County, as the Cpl. Donald L. Westley Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 48976, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 669 that crosses the Casselman River at the west end of Ord Street, Salisbury Borough, Somerset County, as the Sergeant Stephen M. Minick Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 31586, on that portion of State Route 2004 carrying Broadway Street over the Casselman River, in Summit Township, Somerset County, as the Airman Michael L. Menser Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 15279, on that portion of State Route 2025, also known as Morton Avenue, over Stony Creek in Morton Borough, Delaware County, as the Captain Michael Malinowski, Sr., Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of State Route 2012 in Monroe County as the Reverend Dr. Bishop William Earl Lee Highway; designating the bridge on I-70 in Westmoreland County over the Youghiogheny River as the Matthew Smelser Memorial Bridge; designating the portion of County Line Road (SR 2038) between N. Warminster Road and Newtown Road in Bucks County as the Captain William J. Ahlum Memorial Highway; and designating the portion of County Line Road (SR 2038) between N. Warminster Road and Jacksonville Road in Bucks County, as the Specialist 4 Harold E. Cashman Memorial Highway.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, further providing for contributions to Veterans' Trust Fund.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, further providing for contributions to Veterans' Trust Fund.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In firearms and other dangerous articles, further providing for persons not to possess, use, manufacture, control, sell or transfer firearms and for sale or transfer of firearms; and, in commencement of proceedings, further providing for Statewide municipal police jurisdiction, for nonmunicipal police extraterritorial jurisdiction and for agents of the Office of Attorney General and providing for interpretation.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in firearms and other dangerous articles, further providing for persons not to possess, use, manufacture, control, sell or transfer firearms and for sale or transfer of firearms; and, in commencement of proceedings, further providing for Statewide municipal police jurisdiction, for nonmunicipal police extraterritorial jurisdiction and for agents of the Office of Attorney General and providing for interpretation.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for Special Education Funding Commission; in school districts, providing for full academic year requirements; in school finances, further providing for annual budget, additional or increased appropriations and transfer of funds; in grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; in district superintendents and assistant district superintendents, further providing for eligibility; in pupils and attendance, further providing for definitions and for nonprofit school food program; in Drug and Alcohol Recovery High School Pilot Program, further providing for audit required; establishing the Innovation Schools Program; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments; in educational tax credits, further providing for definitions, for qualification and application by organizations, for application by business firms, for tax credits, for limitations and for opportunity scholarships; adding provisions relating to postsecondary institution sexual harassment and sexual violence policy and online reporting system; in school districts of the first class, further providing for board of public education and additional duties; in ready-to-succeed scholarship, further providing for agency duties relating to eligibility criteria; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2019-2020; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for payments on account of pupils enrolled in vocational curriculums, for student-weighted basic education funding, for payments to intermediate units, for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status, for Ready-to-Learn Block Grant and for payment of required contribution for public school employees' social security and providing for advanced placement and International Baccalaureate exam fees; providing for fostering independence through education; and providing for references to "area vocational-technical school" and "vocational curriculums" in statute or regulation.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, further providing for Special Education Funding Commission; in school districts, providing for full academic year requirements; in school finances, further providing for annual budget, additional or increased appropriations and transfer of funds; in grounds and buildings, further providing for limitation on new applications for Department of Education approval of public school building projects; in district superintendents and assistant district superintendents, further providing for eligibility; in pupils and attendance, further providing for definitions and for nonprofit school food program; in Drug and Alcohol Recovery High School Pilot Program, further providing for audit required; establishing the Innovation Schools Program; in community colleges, further providing for financial program and reimbursement of payments; in educational tax credits, further providing for definitions, for qualification and application by organizations, for application by business firms, for tax credits, for limitations and for opportunity scholarships; adding provisions relating to postsecondary institution sexual harassment and sexual violence policy and online reporting system; in school districts of the first class, further providing for board of public education and additional duties; in ready-to-succeed scholarship, further providing for agency duties relating to eligibility criteria; in funding for public libraries, providing for State aid for fiscal year 2019-2020; in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, further providing for payments on account of pupils enrolled in vocational curriculums, for student-weighted basic education funding, for payments to intermediate units, for assistance to school districts declared to be in financial recovery status or identified for financial watch status, for Ready-to-Learn Block Grant and for payment of required contribution for public school employees' social security and providing for advanced placement and International Baccalaureate exam fees; providing for fostering independence through education; and providing for references to "area vocational-technical school" and "vocational curriculums" in statute or regulation.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in general provisions applying to both liquor and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for interlocking business prohibited, for brand registration, for limiting number of retail licenses to be issued in each county and for unlawful acts relative to liquor, malt and brewed beverages and licensees.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; and, in general provisions applying to both liquor and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for interlocking business prohibited, for brand registration, for limiting number of retail licenses to be issued in each county and for unlawful acts relative to liquor, malt and brewed beverages and licensees.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In support matters generally, further providing for costs and fees and for State disbursement unit.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in support matters generally, further providing for costs and fees and for State disbursement unit.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for effect of failure to receive tax notice.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 25, 1945 (P.L.1050, No.394), known as the Local Tax Collection Law, further providing for effect of failure to receive tax notice.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for title of act, for short title, for definitions, for establishment of Methadone Death and Incident Review Team, for team duties, for duties of coroner and medical examiner, for review procedures and for confidentiality.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 24, 2012 (P.L.1198, No.148), known as the Methadone Death and Incident Review Act, further providing for title of act, for short title, for definitions, for establishment of Methadone Death and Incident Review Team, for team duties, for duties of coroner and medical examiner, for review procedures and for confidentiality.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 7381, on that portion of North Main Street over the East Branch Perkiomen Creek, Sellersville Borough, Bucks County, as the Sellersville Veterans Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 7381, on that portion of North Main Street over the East Branch Perkiomen Creek, Sellersville Borough, Bucks County, as the Sellersville Veterans Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In tuition account program, further providing for declaration of policy, for definitions, for Tuition Account Programs Bureau, for powers of department, for Tuition Account Guaranteed Savings Program, for Tuition Account Investment Program, for general provisions governing both tuition account programs, for Federal taxation; establishing the Keystone Scholars Grant Program and the Keystone Scholars Grant Program Account; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 3, 1992 (P.L.28, No.11), known as the Tuition Account Programs and College Savings Bond Act, in tuition account program, further providing for declaration of policy, for definitions, for Tuition Account Programs Bureau, for powers of department, for Tuition Account Guaranteed Savings Program, for Tuition Account Investment Program, for general provisions governing both tuition account programs, for Federal taxation; establishing the Keystone Scholars Grant Program and the Keystone Scholars Grant Program Account; and making a related repeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, further providing for scope of subchapter, for legislative findings and declaration of purpose, for definitions, for assistance to volunteer fire companies, ambulance service and rescue squads, for Volunteer Companies Loan Fund, for powers and duties of office, for disposition and use of proceeds, for Volunteer Company Loan Sinking Fund and investments, for repayment obligations for principal and interest, for temporary financing authorization, for authorization of contracts, reimbursement procedure and amount and for reimbursement procedure and amount, providing for referendum to expand loan assistance and for annual report and distribution of information, further providing for definitions and for State Fire Commissioner, providing for curriculum and training and further providing for Pennsylvania State Fire Academy, for Pennsylvania Volunteer Loan Assistance Program and for Fire Safety Advisory Committee; in volunteer firefighters, further providing for definitions, for statement of purpose, for funds and for audits and providing for fire relief formula study; in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for definitions, for establishment, for publication and notice, for award of grants, for consolidation incentive, for establishment, for publication and notice and for award of grants, providing for consolidation incentive, further providing for Fire Company Grant Program, for Emergency Medical Services Company Grant Program, for additional funding, for allocation of appropriated funds, for expiration of authority and for special provisions and providing for annual reports; in incentives for municipal volunteers of fire companies and nonprofit emergency medical services agencies, further providing for definitions, for program authorization, for real property tax credit and for rejection and appeal; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, further providing for scope of subchapter, for legislative findings and declaration of purpose, for definitions, for assistance to volunteer fire companies, ambulance service and rescue squads, for Volunteer Companies Loan Fund, for powers and duties of office, for disposition and use of proceeds, for Volunteer Company Loan Sinking Fund and investments, for repayment obligations for principal and interest, for temporary financing authorization, for authorization of contracts, reimbursement procedure and amount and for reimbursement procedure and amount, providing for referendum to expand loan assistance and for annual report and distribution of information, further providing for definitions and for State Fire Commissioner, providing for curriculum and training and further providing for Pennsylvania State Fire Academy, for Pennsylvania Volunteer Loan Assistance Program and for Fire Safety Advisory Committee; in volunteer firefighters, further providing for definitions, for statement of purpose, for funds and for audits and providing for fire relief formula study; in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for definitions, for establishment, for publication and notice, for award of grants, for consolidation incentive, for establishment, for publication and notice and for award of grants, providing for consolidation incentive, further providing for Fire Company Grant Program, for Emergency Medical Services Company Grant Program, for additional funding, for allocation of appropriated funds, for expiration of authority and for special provisions and providing for annual reports; in incentives for municipal volunteers of fire companies and nonprofit emergency medical services agencies, further providing for definitions, for program authorization, for real property tax credit and for rejection and appeal; and making editorial changes.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In health insurance coverage parity and nondiscrimination, further providing for definitions and for adoption of Federal acts and providing for annual attestation by insurers and for insurer analysis and disclosure information.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in health insurance coverage parity and nondiscrimination, further providing for definitions and for adoption of Federal acts and providing for annual attestation by insurers and for insurer analysis and disclosure information.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In incentives for municipal volunteers of fire companies and nonprofit emergency medical services agencies, further providing for definitions, for real property tax credit and for rejection and appeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in incentives for municipal volunteers of fire companies and nonprofit emergency medical services agencies, further providing for definitions, for real property tax credit and for rejection and appeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, providing for USA semiquincentennial registration plates.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, providing for USA semiquincentennial registration plates.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, providing for Pennsylvania 1950s and 1960s heritage registration plates.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, providing for Pennsylvania 1950s and 1960s heritage registration plates.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, further providing for special registration plates.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, further providing for special registration plates.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, providing for special plates for recipients of Navy and Marine Corps Medal.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, providing for special plates for recipients of Navy and Marine Corps Medal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to township officers, further providing for membership of associations and expenses of members.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 24, 1931 (P.L.1206, No.331), known as The First Class Township Code, in general provisions relating to township officers, further providing for membership of associations and expenses of members.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In associations and organizations relating to boroughs, further providing for authorization and expenses; and, in city officers and employees relating to third class cities, further providing for Pennsylvania Municipal League and other municipal affairs organizations.. Description: An Act amending Titles 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) and 11 (Cities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in associations and organizations relating to boroughs, further providing for authorization and expenses; and, in city officers and employees relating to third class cities, further providing for Pennsylvania Municipal League and other municipal affairs organizations.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for legislative report.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 15, 1945 (P.L.547, No.217), known as the Conservation District Law, providing for legislative report.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for owner's lien, for enforcement of lien, for notice, for advertisement of sale and for location of sale.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 1982 (P.L.1404, No.325), known as the Self-Service Storage Facility Act, further providing for owner's lien, for enforcement of lien, for notice, for advertisement of sale and for location of sale.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fees, further providing for certified copies of records; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for reports by police.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in fees, further providing for certified copies of records; and, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for reports by police.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 16, 1996 (P.L.712, No.127), known as the Charitable Gift Annuity Exemption Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 286 over Crooked Creek, Rayne Township, Indiana County, as the SFC Randy McCaulley Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 286 over Crooked Creek, Rayne Township, Indiana County, as the SFC Randy McCaulley Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In burglary and other criminal intrusion, further providing for the offense of criminal trespass.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in burglary and other criminal intrusion, further providing for the offense of criminal trespass.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In emergency management services, providing for tuition assistance for active volunteers; and establishing the Active Volunteer Tuition Assistance Program and Active Volunteer Tuition Assistance Fund.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in emergency management services, providing for tuition assistance for active volunteers; and establishing the Active Volunteer Tuition Assistance Program and Active Volunteer Tuition Assistance Fund.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In miscellaneous provisions, providing for exemption of records from access.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in miscellaneous provisions, providing for exemption of records from access.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In miscellaneous provisions, further providing for contraband prohibited.. Description: An Act amending Title 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for contraband prohibited.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In incentives for municipal volunteers of fire companies and nonprofit emergency medical services agencies, establishing the First Responder Loan Forgiveness Program; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in incentives for municipal volunteers of fire companies and nonprofit emergency medical services agencies, establishing the First Responder Loan Forgiveness Program; and making editorial changes.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 30, 1984 (P.L.345, No.69), known as the First Class City Business Tax Reform Act, further providing for definitions.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for searchable budget database and for administration.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 30, 2011 (P.L.81, No.18), known as the Pennsylvania Web Accountability and Transparency (PennWATCH) Act, further providing for searchable budget database and for administration.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 7, 1980 (P.L.380, No.97), known as the Solid Waste Management Act, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; and making editorial changes.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, further providing for assistance to volunteer fire companies, ambulance service and rescue squads.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, further providing for assistance to volunteer fire companies, ambulance service and rescue squads.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for COVID-19 effect on employment; in Local Government Capital Project Loan Fund, further providing for definitions, for assistance to municipalities and for powers and duties of department; and, in 2019-2020 restrictions on appropriations for funds and accounts, providing for temporary restrictions on special funds.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, providing for COVID-19 effect on employment; in Local Government Capital Project Loan Fund, further providing for definitions, for assistance to municipalities and for powers and duties of department; and, in 2019-2020 restrictions on appropriations for funds and accounts, providing for temporary restrictions on special funds.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, further providing for speed timing devices.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, further providing for speed timing devices.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In criminal homicide, further providing for the offense of causing or aiding suicide.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in criminal homicide, further providing for the offense of causing or aiding suicide.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of July 1, 1978 (P.L.584, No.109), entitled "An act establishing an agency to create the linkage necessary for the planning of an economic development system for Pennsylvania, and making an appropriation.". Description: An Act repealing the act of July 1, 1978 (P.L.584, No.109), entitled "An act establishing an agency to create the linkage necessary for the planning of an economic development system for Pennsylvania, and making an appropriation."
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for award of grants and for expiration of authority; and establishing the Construction Savings Account.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for award of grants and for expiration of authority; and establishing the Construction Savings Account.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In emergency medical services system, further providing for support of emergency medical services; in general provisions, further providing for EMS costs; and, in driving after imbibing alcohol or utilizing drugs, further providing for Accelerated Rehabilitative Disposition.. Description: An Act amending Titles 35 (Health and Safety) and 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in emergency medical services system, further providing for support of emergency medical services; in general provisions, further providing for EMS costs; and, in driving after imbibing alcohol or utilizing drugs, further providing for Accelerated Rehabilitative Disposition.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In incentives for municipal volunteers of fire companies and nonprofit emergency medical services agencies, further providing for definitions, for real property tax credit and for rejection and appeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in incentives for municipal volunteers of fire companies and nonprofit emergency medical services agencies, further providing for definitions, for real property tax credit and for rejection and appeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for law enforcement background investigations, for duties of the Municipal Police Officers' Education and Training Commission, law enforcement agencies and employers and for immunity from liability and violations.. Description: An Act amending Title 44 (Law and Justice) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for law enforcement background investigations, for duties of the Municipal Police Officers' Education and Training Commission, law enforcement agencies and employers and for immunity from liability and violations.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 39 in Dauphin County, from Dover Road to Forest Hills Drive, as the Officer Mark Gaspich Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating a portion of Pennsylvania Route 39 in Dauphin County, from Dover Road to Forest Hills Drive, as the Officer Mark Gaspich Memorial Highway.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for parole power.. Description: An Act amending Title 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for parole power.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for formation of authorities, for dissolution of city authorities and for eminent domain; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 24, 1945 (P.L.991, No.385), known as the Urban Redevelopment Law, further providing for definitions, for formation of authorities, for dissolution of city authorities and for eminent domain; and making editorial changes.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In offenses against the family, providing for the offense of unregulated transfer of custody of a child.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in offenses against the family, providing for the offense of unregulated transfer of custody of a child.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11414, on U.S. Route 219 in Brady Township, Clearfield County, as the Lance Corporal Robert Clyde Gontero Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 11414, on U.S. Route 219 in Brady Township, Clearfield County, as the Lance Corporal Robert Clyde Gontero Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for COVID-19 benefits for members of Pennsylvania National Guard; and, providing for COVID-19 enforcement officer disability benefits; and, in emergency medical services system, further providing for basic life support ambulances.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for COVID-19 benefits for members of Pennsylvania National Guard; and, providing for COVID-19 enforcement officer disability benefits; and, in emergency medical services system, further providing for basic life support ambulances.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 1036 over Six Mile Run, Broad Top Township, Bedford County, as the Sergeant David Leon Barber Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 1036 over Six Mile Run, Broad Top Township, Bedford County, as the Sergeant David Leon Barber Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of aggravated assault.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of aggravated assault.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licensing of health care facilities, further providing for photo identification tag regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, in licensing of health care facilities, further providing for photo identification tag regulations.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for surrender of club licenses for benefit of licensees and for surrender of restaurant, eating place retail dispenser, hotel, importing distributor and distributor license for benefit of licensee.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for surrender of club licenses for benefit of licensees and for surrender of restaurant, eating place retail dispenser, hotel, importing distributor and distributor license for benefit of licensee.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the final disposition of fetal remains; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act providing for the final disposition of fetal remains; and imposing penalties.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for rights and remedies of persons in treatment.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 9, 1976 (P.L.817, No.143), known as the Mental Health Procedures Act, in general provisions, further providing for rights and remedies of persons in treatment.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to release a use restriction and reversionary interest affecting certain real property situate in the Township of East Vincent, Chester County, to facilitate the grant and conveyance of the real property from the Owen J. Roberts School District to Pennsylvania American Water Company; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Centre County Industrial Development Corporation, certain lands situate in Benner Township, Centre County; and authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of West Chester University of Pennsylvania of the State System of Higher Education and the Governor, to grant and convey to Aqua Pennsylvania, Inc., or its assigns, an existing water tower and permanent utility easement from lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at West Chester University of Pennsylvania situate in the Borough of West Chester, County of Chester, for the purpose of public water distribution.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to release a use restriction and reversionary interest affecting certain real property situate in the Township of East Vincent, Chester County, to facilitate the grant and conveyance of the real property from the Owen J. Roberts School District to Pennsylvania American Water Company; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Centre County Industrial Development Corporation, certain lands situate in Benner Township, Centre County; and authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of West Chester University of Pennsylvania of the State System of Higher Education and the Governor, to grant and convey to Aqua Pennsylvania, Inc., or its assigns, an existing water tower and permanent utility easement from lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at West Chester University of Pennsylvania situate in the Borough of West Chester, County of Chester, for the purpose of public water distribution.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the bridge carrying State Route 1025 over U.S. Route 11/15 in East Pennsboro Township, Cumberland County, as the Senator Hal Mowery Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge carrying State Route 1025 over U.S. Route 11/15 in East Pennsboro Township, Cumberland County, as the Senator Hal Mowery Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In selection and retention of judicial officers, further providing for continuing education credit; in other officers, providing for mental health evaluations; and, in employees, further providing for powers and duties of commission.. Description: An Act amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) , 44 (Law and Justice) and 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in selection and retention of judicial officers, further providing for continuing education credit; in other officers, providing for mental health evaluations; and, in employees, further providing for powers and duties of commission.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 19699, on that portion of State Route 2003 over Mahoning Creek in Big Run Borough, Jefferson County, as the SP4 James Wise, Jr., and PFC James Wingert USMC Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 19699, on that portion of State Route 2003 over Mahoning Creek in Big Run Borough, Jefferson County, as the SP4 James Wise, Jr., and PFC James Wingert USMC Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 8042 over U.S. Route 40, West Brownsville Borough, Washington County, as the SFC Thomas McDonough Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 8042 over U.S. Route 40, West Brownsville Borough, Washington County, as the SFC Thomas McDonough Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 46789, on that portion of State Route 3012 over Back Creek on the border of Hamilton Township and St. Thomas Township, Franklin County, as the Sergeant Melvin G. Ehrhart Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified by Bridge Key 46789, on that portion of State Route 3012 over Back Creek on the border of Hamilton Township and St. Thomas Township, Franklin County, as the Sergeant Melvin G. Ehrhart Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for license without restriction.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 1985 (P.L.457, No.112), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1985, further providing for license without restriction.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In State Employees' Defined Contribution Plan, further providing for individual investment accounts, for participant contributions, for employer defined contributions, for vesting, for powers and duties of board, for investments based on participant's investment allocation choices and for expenses; in administration, funds, accounts and general provisions, further providing for administrative duties of the board and for taxation, attachment and assignment of funds; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in State Employees' Defined Contribution Plan, further providing for individual investment accounts, for participant contributions, for employer defined contributions, for vesting, for powers and duties of board, for investments based on participant's investment allocation choices and for expenses; in administration, funds, accounts and general provisions, further providing for administrative duties of the board and for taxation, attachment and assignment of funds; and making a related repeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 15552, carrying U.S. Route 219 over Elk Creek, Ridgway Borough, Elk County, as the Elk County Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 15552, carrying U.S. Route 219 over Elk Creek, Ridgway Borough, Elk County, as the Elk County Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Keystone Solvency Operating Study Commission and providing for its powers and duties and for a report.. Description: An Act establishing the Keystone Solvency Operating Study Commission and providing for its powers and duties and for a report.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In administration and miscellaneous provisions relating to retirement for school employees, further providing for Public School Employees' Retirement Board and for administrative duties of board and providing for stress test of system; and, in administration, funds, accounts and general provisions relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for the State Employees' Retirement Board and for administrative duties of the board and providing for stress test of system.. Description: An Act amending Titles 24 (Education) and 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in administration and miscellaneous provisions relating to retirement for school employees, further providing for Public School Employees' Retirement Board and for administrative duties of board and providing for stress test of system; and, in administration, funds, accounts and general provisions relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for the State Employees' Retirement Board and for administrative duties of the board and providing for stress test of system.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In membership, contributions and benefits, further providing for actuarial cost method; and, in contributions, further providing for actuarial cost method.. Description: An Act amending Titles 24 (Education) and 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in membership, contributions and benefits, further providing for actuarial cost method; and, in contributions, further providing for actuarial cost method.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4027 over Bald Eagle Creek, Sharon Township, Blair County, as the Cpl. Donald L. Westley Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4027 over Bald Eagle Creek, Sharon Township, Blair County, as the Cpl. Donald L. Westley Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission; in powers and duties of Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, providing for volunteer program; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending Title 37 (Historical and Museums) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission; in powers and duties of Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, providing for volunteer program; and making related repeals.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in membership, credited service, classes of service, and eligibility for benefits, further providing for credited State service; in contributions, further providing for shared-risk member contributions and shared-gain adjustments to regular member contributions, for contributions to the system by the Commonwealth and other employers and for actuarial cost method and providing for advance payment of accrued liability contributions; in administration, funds, accounts and general provisions, further providing for administrative duties of the board, for duties of heads of departments and for State accumulation account; providing for obligations of the board, for exercise of legislative power and for liability.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in membership, credited service, classes of service, and eligibility for benefits, further providing for credited State service; in contributions, further providing for shared-risk member contributions and shared-gain adjustments to regular member contributions, for contributions to the system by the Commonwealth and other employers and for actuarial cost method and providing for advance payment of accrued liability contributions; in administration, funds, accounts and general provisions, further providing for administrative duties of the board, for duties of heads of departments and for State accumulation account; providing for obligations of the board, for exercise of legislative power and for liability.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In race horse industry reform, further providing for costs of enforcement of medication rules or regulations.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in race horse industry reform, further providing for costs of enforcement of medication rules or regulations.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In proceedings prior to petition to adopt, further providing for petition for involuntary termination and providing for special provisions when child conceived as a result of rape or incest.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in proceedings prior to petition to adopt, further providing for petition for involuntary termination and providing for special provisions when child conceived as a result of rape or incest.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for control of outdoor advertising, for removal of prohibited advertising devices and for penalties for violation; and imposing a duty on the Secretary of Transportation to notify the Federal Highway Administration.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 15, 1971 (P.L.596, No.160), known as the Outdoor Advertising Control Act of 1971, further providing for definitions, for control of outdoor advertising, for removal of prohibited advertising devices and for penalties for violation; and imposing a duty on the Secretary of Transportation to notify the Federal Highway Administration.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the portion of County Line Road between Warminster Road and Newtown Road in Montgomery County as the Captain William J. Ahlum Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating the portion of County Line Road between Warminster Road and Newtown Road in Montgomery County as the Captain William J. Ahlum Memorial Highway.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the portion of County Line Road between Warminster Road and Jacksonville Road in Montgomery County, as the Specialist 4 Harold E. Cashman Memorial Highway.. Description: An Act designating the portion of County Line Road between Warminster Road and Jacksonville Road in Montgomery County, as the Specialist 4 Harold E. Cashman Memorial Highway.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In assault, providing for the offense of harassment of law enforcement officer; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, providing for the offense of harassment of law enforcement officer; and imposing penalties.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the borough of Plymouth a permanent storm water drainage easement in Plymouth Borough, Luzerne County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the borough of Plymouth a permanent storm water drainage easement in Plymouth Borough, Luzerne County.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, establishing the Veterans' Outreach and Support Network Program.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, establishing the Veterans' Outreach and Support Network Program.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of May 16, 1919 (P.L. 193, No. 120), entitled "An act to provide for the licensing and regulation of public dance halls and ball rooms, and for the regulation, supervision of public dances and balls in cities of the first, second, and third classes.". Description: An Act repealing the act of May 16, 1919 (P.L. 193, No. 120), entitled "An act to provide for the licensing and regulation of public dance halls and ball rooms, and for the regulation, supervision of public dances and balls in cities of the first, second, and third classes."
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Ohiopyle Borough, Fayette County, certain lands situate in Ohiopyle Borough, Fayette County, in exchange for Ohiopyle Borough granting and conveying certain lands to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to be added to those existing lands at Ohiopyle State Park.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Ohiopyle Borough, Fayette County, certain lands situate in Ohiopyle Borough, Fayette County, in exchange for Ohiopyle Borough granting and conveying certain lands to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to be added to those existing lands at Ohiopyle State Park.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In certification of teachers, further providing for instructional certificate grade spans and age levels and duties of department.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in certification of teachers, further providing for instructional certificate grade spans and age levels and duties of department.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of aggravated assault.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of aggravated assault.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public-private transportation partnerships, further providing for definitions, for duties of board, for requests and for sovereign immunity.. Description: An Act amending Title 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in public-private transportation partnerships, further providing for definitions, for duties of board, for requests and for sovereign immunity.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions, for excluded provisions, for construction of act generally, for construction of references, for how act applies and for saving clauses where class of townships changed, repealing provisions relating to exception as to taxation and further providing for legal advertising; in classification and creation of townships of the first class, further providing for article heading and for provisions relating to classification, repealing provisions relating to enrollment to ascertain population, providing for creation of townships of the first class from townships of the second class, repealing provisions relating to proclamations by county commissioners, to submission of question to voters, to returns of election and effect thereof, to ascertainment of population and to submission of question to voters and returns of election and effect thereof, providing for reestablishment of townships of the second class, further providing for subdivision heading, providing for consolidation or merger, further providing for officers for new townships, repealing provisions relating to election of commissioners in new townships and to election of tax collector in new townships, further providing for certificate of creation of township and providing for change of name of township of first class; repealing provisions relating to change of name of township of first class; in townships lines and boundaries, further providing for stream boundaries, for establishment of boundaries, for petition to court and commissioners' report, for exceptions and procedure, for monuments, for compensation and expenses of commissioners and cost and for adjustment of indebtedness; in wards, further providing for creation, division and redivision of wards, providing for petition of electors, repealing provisions relating to filing and confirmation of report and exceptions, providing for county board of elections, repealing provisions relating to compensation of commissioners, to election districts and to numbering of wards, further providing for schedule for election of commissioners in townships first divided into wards and for schedule of election of commissioners in newly created wards and providing for Pennsylvania Election Code; in election of officers and vacancies in office, further providing for eligibility, for hold until successors qualified and for elected officers enumerated, repealing provisions relating to commissioners, to tax collector, to assessors, to auditors and to controller and further providing for vacancies in general; in general provisions relating to township officers, further providing for oath, for bonds, for compensation, for removal of township officers and appointees and for annuities in lieu of joining pension or retirement system, repealing provisions relating to county associations of township officers, further providing for formation of State association authorized, repealing provisions relating to delegates from townships, providing for authorization to attend annual meetings and educational conferences, further providing for expenses of delegates paid by townships, repealing provisions relating to expenses of annual meeting and to conferences, institutes and schools, providing for provisions relating to county associations of township officers, further providing for subdivision heading, for appointments of police and firemen, for civil service commission created, appointments and vacancies, for offices incompatible with civil service commissioner, for organization of commission and quorum, for clerks and supplies, for rules and regulations, for minutes and records, for investigations, for subpoenas, for annual report, for general provisions relating to examinations, for application for examination, for rejection of applicant and hearing, for eligibility list and manner of filling appointments, for age and applicant's residence, for probation period, for provisional appointments, for promotions, for physical and psychological medical examinations, for removals, for hearings on dismissals and reduction, for present employees exempted, for discrimination on account of political or religious affiliations and for penalty, repealing provisions relating to salaries of civil service commission and further providing for police force and fire apparatus operators defined; in township commissioners, further providing for organization and failure to organize, for monthly meetings, quorum and voting, for compensation and for reports to auditors; in appointed township treasurer, further providing for township treasurer, for treasurer's bond, for treasurer's duties, for use of special funds and penalty and for depositories of township funds; in tax collector, further providing for powers and duties of tax collector; in township secretary, further providing for election of secretary and salary, for assistant secretary, for duties and penalty and for records open to inspection; in auditors, providing for subarticle heading, further providing for meetings, general duties and compensation, providing for compensation, further providing for subpoenas, power to administer oaths and penalty, for surcharges, auditors' report and publication of financial statements, for canceling orders, for penalty for failure to perform duty and for employment and compensation of attorney, providing for surcharge by auditors, further providing for balances due to be entered as judgments, for collection of surcharges, for appeals from report, for appeal bond and for consolidation of appeals, repealing provisions relating to testimony and argument, to framed issues and to prima facie evidence, further providing for judgment and for cost, repealing provisions relating to appeals, further providing for counsel fees and providing for provisions relating to appointed independent auditor; in controller, further providing for oath and bond of controller, for salary of controller, for general powers and duties of controller, may require attendance of witnesses and penalty, for controller to countersign warrants, for controller to prevent appropriation over drafts, for amount of contracts to be charged against appropriations, for management and improvement of township finances, for books to be kept by controller, for appeals from controller's report, bond and procedure on appeal and for controller to retain books, documents, et cetera and pending appeals; in township solicitor, further providing for election and vacancies, repealing provisions relating to bond and further providing for solicitor to have control of law matters and for duties of solicitor; in township engineer, further providing for election of township engineer, term and filling of vacancies, repealing provisions relating to bond, further providing for control of engineering matters, for duties and preparation of plans, for certificate of commencement and of completion of municipal improvements and for surveys and repealing provisions relating to real estate registry; providing for township manager; providing for veterans' affairs; in police, further providing for appointment, compensation and training of policemen, providing for special fire police, further providing for chief of police and other officers, for powers of policemen, for service of process and fees and for supervision of police, repealing provisions relating to keepers to receive prisoners, further providing for badge, for not to receive fees, for establishment of police pension fund and management and for private police pension funds and optional transfers, repealing provisions relating to minimum service for retirement, to retirement allowance, to general funds of township not liable, to township appropriations, gifts and management, to reasons for denying retirement allowance and to annuity contracts in lieu of police pension fund and further providing for school crossing guards; in corporate powers, further providing for suits and property, providing for real property, for personal property, for exceptions, for surcharge from sale or lease and for general powers, further providing for corporate powers of a township, providing for officers, positions and departments, for police force, for lockup facilities, for rewards, for disorderly conduct, for public safety, for fire protection, for building and housing regulations, for numbering buildings, for regulation of business, for nuisances and dangerous structures, for municipal waste, for fireworks and inflammable articles, for smoke regulations, for prohibition of fire producing devices and smoking, for animals, for regulation of foundations, party walls and partition fences, for ambulances and rescue and lifesaving services, for display of flags, for health and cleanliness regulations, for public facilities, for hospital appropriations, for community nursing services, for parking and parking lots, for appropriations for certain streets, for airports, for appropriations for airports, for purchase and planting of trees, for intergovernmental cooperation, for widening and deepening of watercourses, for regulation of charges, for street, sewer, sidewalk, etc. and regulations, for capital reserve fund, for operating reserve fund, for surplus foods, for industrial promotions, for nondebt revenue bonds, for historical properties, for insurance, for appropriations for urban common carrier mass transportation, for open burning, for community development, for observances and celebrations, for building hospitals, for tourist promotion agencies, for sale of real or personal property to nonprofit medical service corporation, for sale of real or personal property to nonprofit housing corporation, for nonprofit art corporations, for neighborhood crime watch programs, for drug and alcohol abuse programs, for watershed associations, for emergency services, for mines and quarries, for conservation district, for electricity and for storm water and further providing for typewritten, printed, photostated and microfilmed records valid and recording or transcribing records; providing for real estate registry; in public health, repealing a subarticle heading, further providing for appointment of boards of health and health officers, for members of board, terms and secretary, for organization of board, salary of secretary, bonds, fees and penalties and power to administer oaths, for duties of secretary, for duties of health officer, for powers of board of health, for entry of premises, for inspections, for budget and appropriations, for cooperation in health work and for powers of Secretary of Health and repealing provisions relating to expenses incurred by board or Secretary of Health, to suits by State Secretary of Health to recover expenses, to payment of expenses recovered into State Treasury and provisions relating to vacation of streets declared nuisances by board of health; in finance and taxation, further providing for fiscal year, annual budget and regulation of appropriations, for amending budget and notice, for committee to prepare uniform forms and for appropriations not to be exceeded and changes in appropriations, repealing provisions relating to certain contracts invalid, to power to create indebtedness, sinking fund and temporary indebtedness and to sinking fund and regulations and investments and further providing for investment of township funds, for indebtedness and orders of previous years, for disbursements to pay indebtedness, for tax levies, for additions and revisions to duplicates, for tax rates to be expressed in dollars and cents, for special levies to pay indebtedness and for delivery of duplicates; in contracts, further providing for power to make contracts, for general regulations concerning contracts, for evasion of advertising requirements, for bonds for protection of labor and materialmen, for purchase contracts for petroleum products, fire company, etc. and participation, for separate specifications for branches of work and for workmen's compensation insurance, repealing provisions relating to engineers and architects not to be interested in contracts and to minimum wages under contracts and further providing for penalty for personal interest in contracts; in eminent domain, assessment of damages and benefits, repealing subdivision heading, further providing for exercise of eminent domain and for restrictions as to certain property, providing for declaration of intention, further providing for value of land or property not to be assessed as benefits and exceptions and for title acquired and repealing provisions relating to procedure for the exercise of eminent domain and for the assessment of damages and benefits; in streets and highways, repealing subdivision heading, providing for definitions, for township street plan and for certain streets declared public streets, repealing subdivision heading, further providing for power to lay out, open, widen, vacate, et cetera, for burial grounds, et cetera, saved and for notice of hearing, repealing provisions relating to draft and report, to exceptions to report, to appointment of viewers and to notices to be posted along improvement, providing for petition for opening, etc. and for notice of petition, further providing for width of public roads, for opening and repairing roads and for detours, repealing provisions relating to laying out roads under the general road law, providing for street connecting with street of another municipal corporation, repealing subdivision heading and provisions relating to scope of subdivision, further providing for plans of dedicated streets, repealing provisions relating to appeals where commissioners refuse approval, to no responsibility on township where plans not approved, to entry of lands, to penalty and to powers of State and counties preserved, providing for powers of State and counties preserved, for exclusive nature of provisions, for failure of board of commissioners to hold hearing, for entry on land to maintain marks and monuments and for bike paths, repealing subdivision heading, further providing for agreements to relocate, alter and vacate streets in or near State parks, repealing provisions relating to agreement to be filed in court and effect of filing, to altered and relocated streets declared township streets, to assessment of damages and to elimination of curves and repealing subdivision headings, further providing for improving or vacating streets by agreement, repealing subdivision heading, further providing for proceedings on petition, repealing provisions relating to grading restrictions, to notice, to contents of notice, to appeals from ordinance, to assessment of damages and benefits by viewers, to assessments to bear interest and collection, to grading, draining, curbing, paving or macadamizing streets or highways and collection of cost by foot front rule and to road material, ditches, drains and watercourses, providing for power to open drains and ditches, repealing a subdivision heading, further providing for provisions relating to trees, shrubbery and obstructions within limits of streets or highways, repealing a subdivision heading, further providing for provisions relating to protection of streets and highways from snowdrifts, repealing a subdivision heading and provisions relating to duty to erect, providing for naming of streets and for street lighting, ornamental lighting and traffic control signals and devices, further providing for penalty for destroying, repealing a subdivision heading, further providing for railroad crossings and for street permits, repealing a subdivision heading, further providing for provisions relating to county aid in the improvement of township streets, repealing provisions relating to penal provisions and to opening, making, amending and repairing streets and bridges by contracts with taxpayers and providing for boundary streets, for streets, the center line of which is the boundary between a township and another municipal corporation, for streets having more than half of their width within township and for assessment for improvements on property outside limits where street entirely within township; repealing provisions relating to boundary roads and streets; in bridges and viaducts, further providing for article heading, repealing subdivision heading, further providing for provisions relating to bridges and viaducts as part of street, repealing a subdivision heading and provisions relating to power to construct, further providing for maintenance, repealing provisions relating to bridges and viaducts over marshy or swampy grounds, creeks, rivulets, gullies, canals and railroads and a subdivision heading, further providing for bridges on division line of townships and repealing provisions relating to bridges between townships and municipalities, to bridges over railroad or canal and to maintenance, repair and rebuilding of bridges built by county; in sidewalks, further providing for power to lay out, ordain and establish grades, for width, for paving and curbing sidewalks and for repair of sidewalks and providing for emergency repairs; in sewers and drains, further providing for article heading, for power to establish and construct sewers and drains, require connections and sewer rentals and for sewer and drainage systems, constructed by any municipality authority, connection by owners and enforcement, providing for notice of contemplated construction, further providing for location of sewers on private property and for treatment works and facilities therefor, repealing provisions relating to entry on lands to mark sewer routes and damages and to enforcement of judgment for damages, further providing for cost of construction and how paid, for sewer districts and for manner of assessment, repealing provisions relating to procedure for assessment of benefits, to lien for assessments and costs of proceedings and to assessment of property outside limits of townships for sewers, further providing for provisions relating to acquisition of sewer system from private interests and distribution of costs, to contracts with individuals or corporations for construction and maintenance of sewer and drainage systems, to sewers and drains in streets or highways or over private property and assessment of cost of construction according to benefits and for consent necessary, repealing provisions relating to assessment of cost, further providing for subdivision heading and for connection by agreement or petition and appointment of viewers, repealing provisions relating to notice of contemplated construction and protests by property owners, further providing for subdivision heading and for building joint sewers, repealing provisions relating to State permit and a subdivision heading; repealing provisions relating to collection by installment of the cost of street, curb, sidewalk and sewer improvements; providing for assessments for public improvements; providing for assessments, for public improvements; repealing provisions relating to revolving fund for street and sewer improvements; in water supply and waterworks, further providing for article heading and for contract with water companies and municipality and development of own water supply, providing for public utility law saved and for rates, further providing for State permit, for occupation of highways and for property damages and bond by township, repealing provisions relating to appointment of viewers, further providing for water districts and application of taxpayers and for connection to water supply system, repealing provisions relating to connection to water supply system of municipality authorities, further providing for cost of connection and where payable and for default in payment of installment, repealing provisions relating to entry of liens and further providing for subdivision heading, for joint maintenance of works with municipality, for State permits and for commission of waterworks; in manufacture and sale of electricity, further providing for manufacture and sale of electricity, for may regulate use and prices, for sale of hydroelectric generating facilities, for construction or purchase of hydroelectric generating facilities and for submission to electors; in public buildings, further providing for town hall, for unloading and warehouses, for appropriation of property, for ordinance of commissioners, for assessment of damages and for use of public lands acquired for other purposes; in licenses and licenses fees, further providing for provisions relating to transient retail merchants, for agents for licensed dealers not to be licensed, for insurance agents and brokers not to be licensed and for license fees on residents not to exceed those on nonresidents; in parks, recreation centers, shade trees and forests, further providing for acquisition of lands and buildings, for creation of recreation board, for composition of park or recreation boards, for organization of park or recreation boards and powers and duties delegated to the board by the commissioners, for maintenance and tax levy, for joint ownership and maintenance, for issue of bonds, for right of establishment, for personnel of commission, appointment, terms and vacancies, for powers may be vested in park commission, for general powers of commission, for hiring of employees and legislative power of commission, for report of commission, for notice of commission's activities and planting or removal of shade trees, for landholders liability for costs and for removal of diseased trees, repealing provisions relating to assessments liens, further providing for maintenance by township and funds for and for penalties, repealing provisions relating to disposition of penalties, further providing for right of acquisition of forest lands, repealing provisions relating to approval of Department of Forests and Waters and further providing for ordinance and notice, for appropriation for acquisition, for rules and regulations, for appropriation for maintenance, for use of township forests, for ordnance of sale and for appropriation of money to forestry organizations; in land subdivision, repealing article heading; in zoning, repealing article heading; in Uniform Construction Code, Property Maintenance Code and reserved powers, further providing for changes in Uniform Construction Code, for property maintenance code and for reserved powers; in township planning commission, repealing article heading; repealing provisions relating to enforcement of ordinances; providing for ordinances; in actions by and against townships, further providing for recovery of municipal claims by suit; and, in repeals, further providing for provisions relating to repeals and repealing provisions relating to inconsistent repeals.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 24, 1931 (P.L.1206, No.331), known as The First Class Township Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions, for excluded provisions, for construction of act generally, for construction of references, for how act applies and for saving clauses where class of townships changed, repealing provisions relating to exception as to taxation and further providing for legal advertising; in classification and creation of townships of the first class, further providing for article heading and for provisions relating to classification, repealing provisions relating to enrollment to ascertain population, providing for creation of townships of the first class from townships of the second class, repealing provisions relating to proclamations by county commissioners, to submission of question to voters, to returns of election and effect thereof, to ascertainment of population and to submission of question to voters and returns of election and effect thereof, providing for reestablishment of townships of the second class, further providing for subdivision heading, providing for consolidation or merger, further providing for officers for new townships, repealing provisions relating to election of commissioners in new townships and to election of tax collector in new townships, further providing for certificate of creation of township and providing for change of name of township of first class; repealing provisions relating to change of name of township of first class; in townships lines and boundaries, further providing for stream boundaries, for establishment of boundaries, for petition to court and commissioners' report, for exceptions and procedure, for monuments, for compensation and expenses of commissioners and cost and for adjustment of indebtedness; in wards, further providing for creation, division and redivision of wards, providing for petition of electors, repealing provisions relating to filing and confirmation of report and exceptions, providing for county board of elections, repealing provisions relating to compensation of commissioners, to election districts and to numbering of wards, further providing for schedule for election of commissioners in townships first divided into wards and for schedule of election of commissioners in newly created wards and providing for Pennsylvania Election Code; in election of officers and vacancies in office, further providing for eligibility, for hold until successors qualified and for elected officers enumerated, repealing provisions relating to commissioners, to tax collector, to assessors, to auditors and to controller and further providing for vacancies in general; in general provisions relating to township officers, further providing for oath, for bonds, for compensation, for removal of township officers and appointees and for annuities in lieu of joining pension or retirement system, repealing provisions relating to county associations of township officers, further providing for formation of State association authorized, repealing provisions relating to delegates from townships, providing for authorization to attend annual meetings and educational conferences, further providing for expenses of delegates paid by townships, repealing provisions relating to expenses of annual meeting and to conferences, institutes and schools, providing for provisions relating to county associations of township officers, further providing for subdivision heading, for appointments of police and firemen, for civil service commission created, appointments and vacancies, for offices incompatible with civil service commissioner, for organization of commission and quorum, for clerks and supplies, for rules and regulations, for minutes and records, for investigations, for subpoenas, for annual report, for general provisions relating to examinations, for application for examination, for rejection of applicant and hearing, for eligibility list and manner of filling appointments, for age and applicant's residence, for probation period, for provisional appointments, for promotions, for physical and psychological medical examinations, for removals, for hearings on dismissals and reduction, for present employees exempted, for discrimination on account of political or religious affiliations and for penalty, repealing provisions relating to salaries of civil service commission and further providing for police force and fire apparatus operators defined; in township commissioners, further providing for organization and failure to organize, for monthly meetings, quorum and voting, for compensation and for reports to auditors; in appointed township treasurer, further providing for township treasurer, for treasurer's bond, for treasurer's duties, for use of special funds and penalty and for depositories of township funds; in tax collector, further providing for powers and duties of tax collector; in township secretary, further providing for election of secretary and salary, for assistant secretary, for duties and penalty and for records open to inspection; in auditors, providing for subarticle heading, further providing for meetings, general duties and compensation, providing for compensation, further providing for subpoenas, power to administer oaths and penalty, for surcharges, auditors' report and publication of financial statements, for canceling orders, for penalty for failure to perform duty and for employment and compensation of attorney, providing for surcharge by auditors, further providing for balances due to be entered as judgments, for collection of surcharges, for appeals from report, for appeal bond and for consolidation of appeals, repealing provisions relating to testimony and argument, to framed issues and to prima facie evidence, further providing for judgment and for cost, repealing provisions relating to appeals, further providing for counsel fees and providing for provisions relating to appointed independent auditor; in controller, further providing for oath and bond of controller, for salary of controller, for general powers and duties of controller, may require attendance of witnesses and penalty, for controller to countersign warrants, for controller to prevent appropriation over drafts, for amount of contracts to be charged against appropriations, for management and improvement of township finances, for books to be kept by controller, for appeals from controller's report, bond and procedure on appeal and for controller to retain books, documents, et cetera and pending appeals; in township solicitor, further providing for election and vacancies, repealing provisions relating to bond and further providing for solicitor to have control of law matters and for duties of solicitor; in township engineer, further providing for election of township engineer, term and filling of vacancies, repealing provisions relating to bond, further providing for control of engineering matters, for duties and preparation of plans, for certificate of commencement and of completion of municipal improvements and for surveys and repealing provisions relating to real estate registry; providing for township manager; providing for veterans' affairs; in police, further providing for appointment, compensation and training of policemen, providing for special fire police, further providing for chief of police and other officers, for powers of policemen, for service of process and fees and for supervision of police, repealing provisions relating to keepers to receive prisoners, further providing for badge, for not to receive fees, for establishment of police pension fund and management and for private police pension funds and optional transfers, repealing provisions relating to minimum service for retirement, to retirement allowance, to general funds of township not liable, to township appropriations, gifts and management, to reasons for denying retirement allowance and to annuity contracts in lieu of police pension fund and further providing for school crossing guards; in corporate powers, further providing for suits and property, providing for real property, for personal property, for exceptions, for surcharge from sale or lease and for general powers, further providing for corporate powers of a township, providing for officers, positions and departments, for police force, for lockup facilities, for rewards, for disorderly conduct, for public safety, for fire protection, for building and housing regulations, for numbering buildings, for regulation of business, for nuisances and dangerous structures, for municipal waste, for fireworks and inflammable articles, for smoke regulations, for prohibition of fire producing devices and smoking, for animals, for regulation of foundations, party walls and partition fences, for ambulances and rescue and lifesaving services, for display of flags, for health and cleanliness regulations, for public facilities, for hospital appropriations, for community nursing services, for parking and parking lots, for appropriations for certain streets, for airports, for appropriations for airports, for purchase and planting of trees, for intergovernmental cooperation, for widening and deepening of watercourses, for regulation of charges, for street, sewer, sidewalk, etc. and regulations, for capital reserve fund, for operating reserve fund, for surplus foods, for industrial promotions, for nondebt revenue bonds, for historical properties, for insurance, for appropriations for urban common carrier mass transportation, for open burning, for community development, for observances and celebrations, for building hospitals, for tourist promotion agencies, for sale of real or personal property to nonprofit medical service corporation, for sale of real or personal property to nonprofit housing corporation, for nonprofit art corporations, for neighborhood crime watch programs, for drug and alcohol abuse programs, for watershed associations, for emergency services, for mines and quarries, for conservation district, for electricity and for storm water and further providing for typewritten, printed, photostated and microfilmed records valid and recording or transcribing records; providing for real estate registry; in public health, repealing a subarticle heading, further providing for appointment of boards of health and health officers, for members of board, terms and secretary, for organization of board, salary of secretary, bonds, fees and penalties and power to administer oaths, for duties of secretary, for duties of health officer, for powers of board of health, for entry of premises, for inspections, for budget and appropriations, for cooperation in health work and for powers of Secretary of Health and repealing provisions relating to expenses incurred by board or Secretary of Health, to suits by State Secretary of Health to recover expenses, to payment of expenses recovered into State Treasury and provisions relating to vacation of streets declared nuisances by board of health; in finance and taxation, further providing for fiscal year, annual budget and regulation of appropriations, for amending budget and notice, for committee to prepare uniform forms and for appropriations not to be exceeded and changes in appropriations, repealing provisions relating to certain contracts invalid, to power to create indebtedness, sinking fund and temporary indebtedness and to sinking fund and regulations and investments and further providing for investment of township funds, for indebtedness and orders of previous years, for disbursements to pay indebtedness, for tax levies, for additions and revisions to duplicates, for tax rates to be expressed in dollars and cents, for special levies to pay indebtedness and for delivery of duplicates; in contracts, further providing for power to make contracts, for general regulations concerning contracts, for evasion of advertising requirements, for bonds for protection of labor and materialmen, for purchase contracts for petroleum products, fire company, etc. and participation, for separate specifications for branches of work and for workmen's compensation insurance, repealing provisions relating to engineers and architects not to be interested in contracts and to minimum wages under contracts and further providing for penalty for personal interest in contracts; in eminent domain, assessment of damages and benefits, repealing subdivision heading, further providing for exercise of eminent domain and for restrictions as to certain property, providing for declaration of intention, further providing for value of land or property not to be assessed as benefits and exceptions and for title acquired and repealing provisions relating to procedure for the exercise of eminent domain and for the assessment of damages and benefits; in streets and highways, repealing subdivision heading, providing for definitions, for township street plan and for certain streets declared public streets, repealing subdivision heading, further providing for power to lay out, open, widen, vacate, et cetera, for burial grounds, et cetera, saved and for notice of hearing, repealing provisions relating to draft and report, to exceptions to report, to appointment of viewers and to notices to be posted along improvement, providing for petition for opening, etc. and for notice of petition, further providing for width of public roads, for opening and repairing roads and for detours, repealing provisions relating to laying out roads under the general road law, providing for street connecting with street of another municipal corporation, repealing subdivision heading and provisions relating to scope of subdivision, further providing for plans of dedicated streets, repealing provisions relating to appeals where commissioners refuse approval, to no responsibility on township where plans not approved, to entry of lands, to penalty and to powers of State and counties preserved, providing for powers of State and counties preserved, for exclusive nature of provisions, for failure of board of commissioners to hold hearing, for entry on land to maintain marks and monuments and for bike paths, repealing subdivision heading, further providing for agreements to relocate, alter and vacate streets in or near State parks, repealing provisions relating to agreement to be filed in court and effect of filing, to altered and relocated streets declared township streets, to assessment of damages and to elimination of curves and repealing subdivision headings, further providing for improving or vacating streets by agreement, repealing subdivision heading, further providing for proceedings on petition, repealing provisions relating to grading restrictions, to notice, to contents of notice, to appeals from ordinance, to assessment of damages and benefits by viewers, to assessments to bear interest and collection, to grading, draining, curbing, paving or macadamizing streets or highways and collection of cost by foot front rule and to road material, ditches, drains and watercourses, providing for power to open drains and ditches, repealing a subdivision heading, further providing for provisions relating to trees, shrubbery and obstructions within limits of streets or highways, repealing a subdivision heading, further providing for provisions relating to protection of streets and highways from snowdrifts, repealing a subdivision heading and provisions relating to duty to erect, providing for naming of streets and for street lighting, ornamental lighting and traffic control signals and devices, further providing for penalty for destroying, repealing a subdivision heading, further providing for railroad crossings and for street permits, repealing a subdivision heading, further providing for provisions relating to county aid in the improvement of township streets, repealing provisions relating to penal provisions and to opening, making, amending and repairing streets and bridges by contracts with taxpayers and providing for boundary streets, for streets, the center line of which is the boundary between a township and another municipal corporation, for streets having more than half of their width within township and for assessment for improvements on property outside limits where street entirely within township; repealing provisions relating to boundary roads and streets; in bridges and viaducts, further providing for article heading, repealing subdivision heading, further providing for provisions relating to bridges and viaducts as part of street, repealing a subdivision heading and provisions relating to power to construct, further providing for maintenance, repealing provisions relating to bridges and viaducts over marshy or swampy grounds, creeks, rivulets, gullies, canals and railroads and a subdivision heading, further providing for bridges on division line of townships and repealing provisions relating to bridges between townships and municipalities, to bridges over railroad or canal and to maintenance, repair and rebuilding of bridges built by county; in sidewalks, further providing for power to lay out, ordain and establish grades, for width, for paving and curbing sidewalks and for repair of sidewalks and providing for emergency repairs; in sewers and drains, further providing for article heading, for power to establish and construct sewers and drains, require connections and sewer rentals and for sewer and drainage systems, constructed by any municipality authority, connection by owners and enforcement, providing for notice of contemplated construction, further providing for location of sewers on private property and for treatment works and facilities therefor, repealing provisions relating to entry on lands to mark sewer routes and damages and to enforcement of judgment for damages, further providing for cost of construction and how paid, for sewer districts and for manner of assessment, repealing provisions relating to procedure for assessment of benefits, to lien for assessments and costs of proceedings and to assessment of property outside limits of townships for sewers, further providing for provisions relating to acquisition of sewer system from private interests and distribution of costs, to contracts with individuals or corporations for construction and maintenance of sewer and drainage systems, to sewers and drains in streets or highways or over private property and assessment of cost of construction according to benefits and for consent necessary, repealing provisions relating to assessment of cost, further providing for subdivision heading and for connection by agreement or petition and appointment of viewers, repealing provisions relating to notice of contemplated construction and protests by property owners, further providing for subdivision heading and for building joint sewers, repealing provisions relating to State permit and a subdivision heading; repealing provisions relating to collection by installment of the cost of street, curb, sidewalk and sewer improvements; providing for assessments for public improvements; providing for assessments, for public improvements; repealing provisions relating to revolving fund for street and sewer improvements; in water supply and waterworks, further providing for article heading and for contract with water companies and municipality and development of own water supply, providing for public utility law saved and for rates, further providing for State permit, for occupation of highways and for property damages and bond by township, repealing provisions relating to appointment of viewers, further providing for water districts and application of taxpayers and for connection to water supply system, repealing provisions relating to connection to water supply system of municipality authorities, further providing for cost of connection and where payable and for default in payment of installment, repealing provisions relating to entry of liens and further providing for subdivision heading, for joint maintenance of works with municipality, for State permits and for commission of waterworks; in manufacture and sale of electricity, further providing for manufacture and sale of electricity, for may regulate use and prices, for sale of hydroelectric generating facilities, for construction or purchase of hydroelectric generating facilities and for submission to electors; in public buildings, further providing for town hall, for unloading and warehouses, for appropriation of property, for ordinance of commissioners, for assessment of damages and for use of public lands acquired for other purposes; in licenses and licenses fees, further providing for provisions relating to transient retail merchants, for agents for licensed dealers not to be licensed, for insurance agents and brokers not to be licensed and for license fees on residents not to exceed those on nonresidents; in parks, recreation centers, shade trees and forests, further providing for acquisition of lands and buildings, for creation of recreation board, for composition of park or recreation boards, for organization of park or recreation boards and powers and duties delegated to the board by the commissioners, for maintenance and tax levy, for joint ownership and maintenance, for issue of bonds, for right of establishment, for personnel of commission, appointment, terms and vacancies, for powers may be vested in park commission, for general powers of commission, for hiring of employees and legislative power of commission, for report of commission, for notice of commission's activities and planting or removal of shade trees, for landholders liability for costs and for removal of diseased trees, repealing provisions relating to assessments liens, further providing for maintenance by township and funds for and for penalties, repealing provisions relating to disposition of penalties, further providing for right of acquisition of forest lands, repealing provisions relating to approval of Department of Forests and Waters and further providing for ordinance and notice, for appropriation for acquisition, for rules and regulations, for appropriation for maintenance, for use of township forests, for ordnance of sale and for appropriation of money to forestry organizations; in land subdivision, repealing article heading; in zoning, repealing article heading; in Uniform Construction Code, Property Maintenance Code and reserved powers, further providing for changes in Uniform Construction Code, for property maintenance code and for reserved powers; in township planning commission, repealing article heading; repealing provisions relating to enforcement of ordinances; providing for ordinances; in actions by and against townships, further providing for recovery of municipal claims by suit; and, in repeals, further providing for provisions relating to repeals and repealing provisions relating to inconsistent repeals.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In veterans' pensions and benefits, further providing for blind veteran's pension and for amputee and paralyzed veteran's pension.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in veterans' pensions and benefits, further providing for blind veteran's pension and for amputee and paralyzed veteran's pension.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 53827, on that portion of State Route 2003, also known as S. Porter Street, over the South Fork Tenmile Creek in Waynesburg, Greene County, as the Sheriff Brian A. Tennant Memorial Bridge; designating the interchange of State Route 43, also known as the Mon-Fayette Expressway, with U.S. Route 40, known as Exit 22, in Redstone Township, Fayette County, as the PFC Joseph Frank Duda Memorial Interchange; and designating the interchange of U.S. Route 40 with State Route 4035, also known as Market Street and Spring Street, in Brownsville, Fayette County, as the CPL Denny Ray Easter Memorial Interchange.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 53827, on that portion of State Route 2003, also known as S. Porter Street, over the South Fork Tenmile Creek in Waynesburg, Greene County, as the Sheriff Brian A. Tennant Memorial Bridge; designating the interchange of State Route 43, also known as the Mon-Fayette Expressway, with U.S. Route 40, known as Exit 22, in Redstone Township, Fayette County, as the PFC Joseph Frank Duda Memorial Interchange; and designating the interchange of U.S. Route 40 with State Route 4035, also known as Market Street and Spring Street, in Brownsville, Fayette County, as the CPL Denny Ray Easter Memorial Interchange.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating September 11 of each year as "September 11th Remembrance Day" in this Commonwealth; providing for the observance of "September 11th Remembrance Day" in public school entities and during public meetings; and providing for veteran recognition.. Description: An Act designating September 11 of each year as "September 11th Remembrance Day" in this Commonwealth; providing for the observance of "September 11th Remembrance Day" in public school entities and during public meetings; and providing for veteran recognition.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for procedure for licensing as professional engineer, for continuing professional competency requirements and for exemption from licensure and registration.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 23, 1945 (P.L.913, No.367), known as the Engineer, Land Surveyor and Geologist Registration Law, further providing for definitions, for procedure for licensing as professional engineer, for continuing professional competency requirements and for exemption from licensure and registration.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for test results and for duties of Department of Health.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 24, 2018 (P.L.719, No.112), known as the Patient Test Result Information Act, further providing for definitions, for test results and for duties of Department of Health.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing provisions relating to Pennsylvania Civil Disorder Authority and to basic property insurance assessment; and, in miscellaneous, further providing for effective date.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 31, 1968 (P.L.738, No.233), known as The Pennsylvania Fair Plan Act, repealing provisions relating to Pennsylvania Civil Disorder Authority and to basic property insurance assessment; and, in miscellaneous, further providing for effective date.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 48976, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 669 that crosses the Casselman River at the west end of Ord Street, Salisbury Borough, Somerset County, as the Sergeant Stephen M. Minick Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 48976, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 669 that crosses the Casselman River at the west end of Ord Street, Salisbury Borough, Somerset County, as the Sergeant Stephen M. Minick Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 31586, on that portion of State Route 2004 carrying Broadway Street over the Casselman River, in Summit Township, Somerset County, as the Airman Michael L. Menser Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 31586, on that portion of State Route 2004 carrying Broadway Street over the Casselman River, in Summit Township, Somerset County, as the Airman Michael L. Menser Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In associations and organizations, further providing for associations and organizations for mayors; in elections of officers, further providing for eligibility; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for appointments and incompatible offices and for police serving under cooperative agreement or contract; in corporate powers, further providing for specific powers; in taxation and finance, further providing for investment of funds; providing for solid waste collection and disposition; and, in ordinances, further providing for ordinances and resolutions and for publication.. Description: An Act amending Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in associations and organizations, further providing for associations and organizations for mayors; in elections of officers, further providing for eligibility; in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for appointments and incompatible offices and for police serving under cooperative agreement or contract; in corporate powers, further providing for specific powers; in taxation and finance, further providing for investment of funds; providing for solid waste collection and disposition; and, in ordinances, further providing for ordinances and resolutions and for publication.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the Faxon Interchange of Interstate 180 at Northway Road in Loyalsock Township, Lycoming County, as the Sgt. Thomas Woodruff, Sr., and Sgt. Hamilton Woodruff Memorial Interchange.. Description: An Act designating the Faxon Interchange of Interstate 180 at Northway Road in Loyalsock Township, Lycoming County, as the Sgt. Thomas Woodruff, Sr., and Sgt. Hamilton Woodruff Memorial Interchange.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for Hardwoods Development Council.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 21, 1988 (P.L.1036, No.116), known as the Hardwoods Development Council Act, further providing for Hardwoods Development Council.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 32773, on that portion of U.S. Route 6 over the Tioga River, Mansfield Borough, Tioga County, as the Mansfield Veterans Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 32773, on that portion of U.S. Route 6 over the Tioga River, Mansfield Borough, Tioga County, as the Mansfield Veterans Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to home rule and optional plan government, further providing for definitions, providing for appointment of government study commission in distressed municipality and further providing for first meeting of commission, for function and duty of commission, for hearings and public forums, for report of findings and recommendations, for limitation on enactment of ordinance or filing of petition and for limitation on municipal powers.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions relating to home rule and optional plan government, further providing for definitions, providing for appointment of government study commission in distressed municipality and further providing for first meeting of commission, for function and duty of commission, for hearings and public forums, for report of findings and recommendations, for limitation on enactment of ordinance or filing of petition and for limitation on municipal powers.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In the State System of Higher Education, further providing for definitions, for establishment of the State System of Higher Education and its institutions, for purposes and general powers, for project contracts, for board of governors, for the chancellor, for powers and duties of the board of governors, for councils of trustees, for powers and duties of councils of trustees and for power and duties of institution presidents, for rental fees and other charges, for annual report and for campus police powers and duties and providing for student records.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in the State System of Higher Education, further providing for definitions, for establishment of the State System of Higher Education and its institutions, for purposes and general powers, for project contracts, for board of governors, for the chancellor, for powers and duties of the board of governors, for councils of trustees, for powers and duties of councils of trustees and for power and duties of institution presidents, for rental fees and other charges, for annual report and for campus police powers and duties and providing for student records.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In the State System of Higher Education, further providing for purposes and general powers, for rental fees and other charges and for annual report and providing for student records.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in the State System of Higher Education, further providing for purposes and general powers, for rental fees and other charges and for annual report and providing for student records.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In human trafficking, further providing for evidence and defenses to human trafficking.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in human trafficking, further providing for evidence and defenses to human trafficking.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In organization and jurisdiction of courts of common pleas, further providing for courts of common pleas; and, in depositions and witnesses, further providing for expert testimony in certain criminal proceedings.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in organization and jurisdiction of courts of common pleas, further providing for courts of common pleas; and, in depositions and witnesses, further providing for expert testimony in certain criminal proceedings.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In minors, further providing for the offense of unlawful contact with minor.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in minors, further providing for the offense of unlawful contact with minor.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for sexual offender treatment.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for sexual offender treatment.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In child custody, further providing for consideration of criminal conviction.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child custody, further providing for consideration of criminal conviction.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for responsibilities and obligations of department, applicants and recipients.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for responsibilities and obligations of department, applicants and recipients.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5840, on that portion of SR 4010 (17th Street) over Interstate 99 in Logan Township, Blair County, as the Honorable Richard A. Geist Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 5840, on that portion of SR 4010 (17th Street) over Interstate 99 in Logan Township, Blair County, as the Honorable Richard A. Geist Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 57053, located over Dixon Run at the intersection of State Route 1012 to Pennsylvania Route 403 in Green Township, Indiana County, as the PVT William L. Hadden Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 57053, located over Dixon Run at the intersection of State Route 1012 to Pennsylvania Route 403 in Green Township, Indiana County, as the PVT William L. Hadden Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In administrative organization, further providing for executive officers, administrative departments and independent administrative boards and commissions, for departmental administrative boards, commissions and offices, for department heads and for gubernatorial appointments; in organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, further providing for board to license private bankers; in Commonwealth agency fees, further providing for Department of Banking and for Pennsylvania Securities Commission; and, in powers and duties of the Department of Banking and its departmental administrative board and commission, further providing for powers and duties in general, for banking supervisory powers and for banking laws; repealing provisions relating to powers and duties of the Pennsylvania Securities Commission; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in administrative organization, further providing for executive officers, administrative departments and independent administrative boards and commissions, for departmental administrative boards, commissions and offices, for department heads and for gubernatorial appointments; in organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, further providing for board to license private bankers; in Commonwealth agency fees, further providing for Department of Banking and for Pennsylvania Securities Commission; and, in powers and duties of the Department of Banking and its departmental administrative board and commission, further providing for powers and duties in general, for banking supervisory powers and for banking laws; repealing provisions relating to powers and duties of the Pennsylvania Securities Commission; and making editorial changes.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 40269, on that portion of US 219 over State Route 2047, Summit Township, Somerset County, as the SP4 Michael William Twigg Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 40269, on that portion of US 219 over State Route 2047, Summit Township, Somerset County, as the SP4 Michael William Twigg Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for Mining and Reclamation Advisory Board.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 31, 1945 (P.L.1198, No.418), known as the Surface Mining Conservation and Reclamation Act, further providing for Mining and Reclamation Advisory Board.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In liquid fuels and fuels tax, providing for political subdivision and volunteer service use of tax-free motor fuels and further providing for examination of records and equipment.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in liquid fuels and fuels tax, providing for political subdivision and volunteer service use of tax-free motor fuels and further providing for examination of records and equipment.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45676, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Yellow Creek in Hopewell Township, Bedford County, as the Colonel Joseph M. Stine Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 45676, carrying Pennsylvania Route 26 over Yellow Creek in Hopewell Township, Bedford County, as the Colonel Joseph M. Stine Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 25488, carrying State Route 1011 over the Mix Creek, Eldred Township, McKean County, as the Sgt. Neil K. Dorrion Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 25488, carrying State Route 1011 over the Mix Creek, Eldred Township, McKean County, as the Sgt. Neil K. Dorrion Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of Revenue, repealing provisions relating to vehicle and tractor codes.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of Revenue, repealing provisions relating to vehicle and tractor codes.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In realty transfer tax, correcting a scrivener's error relating to credits against tax.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in realty transfer tax, correcting a scrivener's error relating to credits against tax.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of July 12, 1935 (P.L.970, No.314), known as the Individual Net Income Tax Act.. Description: An Act repealing the act of July 12, 1935 (P.L.970, No.314), known as the Individual Net Income Tax Act.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In services and facilities, providing for emergency response plans.. Description: An Act amending Title 66 (Public Utilities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in services and facilities, providing for emergency response plans.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for learners' permits, for examination of applicant for driver's license and for restrictions on drivers' licenses; in commercial drivers, further providing for notification requirements for drivers, for requirement for commercial driver's license, for commercial driver's license qualification standards and for disqualification; and in fees, further providing for exemption of persons, entities and vehicles from fees.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for learners' permits, for examination of applicant for driver's license and for restrictions on drivers' licenses; in commercial drivers, further providing for notification requirements for drivers, for requirement for commercial driver's license, for commercial driver's license qualification standards and for disqualification; and in fees, further providing for exemption of persons, entities and vehicles from fees.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In registration of vehicles, further providing for return of registration plate, for person with disability plate and placard and for special plates for recipients of Purple Heart; and, in rules of the road in general, further providing for additional parking regulations.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in registration of vehicles, further providing for return of registration plate, for person with disability plate and placard and for special plates for recipients of Purple Heart; and, in rules of the road in general, further providing for additional parking regulations.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, providing for medical assistance managed care organization rate setting.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, providing for medical assistance managed care organization rate setting.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In mental health: departmental powers and duties, commissioner of mental health, interstate compact, reciprocal agreements, research foundation, providing for mental health care services clearinghouse; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in mental health: departmental powers and duties, commissioner of mental health, interstate compact, reciprocal agreements, research foundation, providing for mental health care services clearinghouse; and making an editorial change.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In depositions and witnesses, further providing for admissibility of certain statements.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in depositions and witnesses, further providing for admissibility of certain statements.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth Financing Authority, providing for Unserved High-Speed Broadband Funding Program; establishing the Unserved High-Speed Broadband Funding Program Account; making an appropriation; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 64 (Public Authorities and Quasi-Public Corporations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth Financing Authority, providing for Unserved High-Speed Broadband Funding Program; establishing the Unserved High-Speed Broadband Funding Program Account; making an appropriation; and making a related repeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fraud and abuse control, further providing for definitions, for restrictions on provider charges and payments and for venue and limitations on actions.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in fraud and abuse control, further providing for definitions, for restrictions on provider charges and payments and for venue and limitations on actions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In fraud and abuse control, further providing for definitions and for provider prohibited acts, criminal penalties and civil remedies.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in fraud and abuse control, further providing for definitions and for provider prohibited acts, criminal penalties and civil remedies.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the assessment and reduction of improper payments by Commonwealth agencies.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for the assessment and reduction of improper payments by Commonwealth agencies.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for payments by the Commonwealth; and establishing Do-Not-Pay Initiative.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for payments by the Commonwealth; and establishing Do-Not-Pay Initiative.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Community Development Bank Grant and Loan Program, further providing for definitions and providing for COVID-19 grant and loan programs.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 29, 1996 (P.L.434, No.67), known as the Job Enhancement Act, in Community Development Bank Grant and Loan Program, further providing for definitions and providing for COVID-19 grant and loan programs.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Revised Uniform Law on Notarial Acts, further providing for authority to perform notarial act, providing for notarial act performed by remotely located individual and further providing for notification regarding performance of notarial act on electronic record and selection of technology.. Description: An Act amending Title 57 (Notaries Public) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Revised Uniform Law on Notarial Acts, further providing for authority to perform notarial act, providing for notarial act performed by remotely located individual and further providing for notification regarding performance of notarial act on electronic record and selection of technology.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, providing for retail store closure during declaration of disaster emergency and for contactless and curbside business operations during declaration of disaster emergency.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, providing for retail store closure during declaration of disaster emergency and for contactless and curbside business operations during declaration of disaster emergency.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: To provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019.. Description: An Act to provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Independent Fiscal Office, further providing for definitions and for duties of office.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in Independent Fiscal Office, further providing for definitions and for duties of office.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In voting by qualified absentee electors, further providing for official absentee voters ballots; and, in voting by qualified mail-in electors, further providing for official mail-in elector ballots.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in voting by qualified absentee electors, further providing for official absentee voters ballots; and, in voting by qualified mail-in electors, further providing for official mail-in elector ballots.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for emergency COVID-19 provisions.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for emergency COVID-19 provisions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In emergency finance and tax provisions, providing for exemption from taxation and for nonprofit corporations and charitable trusts.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in emergency finance and tax provisions, providing for exemption from taxation and for nonprofit corporations and charitable trusts.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In additional special funds and restricted accounts, providing for COVID-19 response transfers for assistance to the Commonwealth's volunteer service organizations; and making an appropriation.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in additional special funds and restricted accounts, providing for COVID-19 response transfers for assistance to the Commonwealth's volunteer service organizations; and making an appropriation.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for COVID-19 emergency statutory and regulatory suspensions and waivers reporting requirements.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for COVID-19 emergency statutory and regulatory suspensions and waivers reporting requirements.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, further providing for State Geospatial Coordinating Board; in independent fiscal office, further providing for additional duties; and providing for COVID-19 debt cost reduction review.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in organization of departmental administrative boards and commissions and of advisory boards and commissions, further providing for State Geospatial Coordinating Board; in independent fiscal office, further providing for additional duties; and providing for COVID-19 debt cost reduction review.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for COVID-19 Cost and Recovery Task Force; and making an appropriation.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for COVID-19 Cost and Recovery Task Force; and making an appropriation.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for emergency COVID-19 provisions.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for emergency COVID-19 provisions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for emergency COVID-19 provisions.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for emergency COVID-19 provisions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for Food Establishment Personal Protective Equipment Reimbursement Grant Program.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for Food Establishment Personal Protective Equipment Reimbursement Grant Program.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for health care facility reporting relating to COVID-19 and for duties of the Department of Health and the Department of Human Services.. Description: An Act providing for health care facility reporting relating to COVID-19 and for duties of the Department of Health and the Department of Human Services.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for broadband services.. Description: An Act amending Title 68 (Real and Personal Property) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for broadband services.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of April 1, 1863 (P.L.213, No.227), entitled "An act to accept the grant of Public Lands, by the United States, to the several states, for the endowment of Agricultural Colleges," making appropriations for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of such appropriations, for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure; and making an appropriation from a restricted account within the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund.. Description: A Supplement to the act of April 1, 1863 (P.L.213, No.227), entitled "An act to accept the grant of Public Lands, by the United States, to the several states, for the endowment of Agricultural Colleges," making appropriations for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of such appropriations, for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure; and making an appropriation from a restricted account within the Agricultural College Land Scrip Fund.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of July 28, 1966 (3rd Sp.Sess., P.L.87, No.3), known as the University of Pittsburgh--Commonwealth Act," making appropriations for carrying the same into effect; and providing for a basis for payments of such appropriations, for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure.. Description: A Supplement to the act of July 28, 1966 (3rd Sp.Sess., P.L.87, No.3), known as the University of Pittsburgh--Commonwealth Act," making appropriations for carrying the same into effect; and providing for a basis for payments of such appropriations, for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of November 30, 1965 (P.L.843, No.355), known as the Temple University-Commonwealth Act, making an appropriation for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of such appropriation; and providing a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure.. Description: A Supplement to the act of November 30, 1965 (P.L.843, No.355), known as the Temple University-Commonwealth Act, making an appropriation for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of such appropriation; and providing a method of accounting for the funds appropriated and for certain fiscal information disclosure.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of July 7, 1972 (P.L.743, No.176), entitled "An act providing for the establishment and operation of Lincoln University as an instrumentality of the Commonwealth to serve as a State-related institution in the higher education system of the Commonwealth; providing for change of name; providing for the composition of the board of trustees; terms of trustees, and the power and duties of such trustees; providing for preference to Pennsylvania residents in tuition; authorizing appropriations in amounts to be fixed annually by the General Assembly; providing for the auditing of accounts of expenditures from said appropriations; providing for public support and capital improvements; authorizing the issuance of bonds exempt from taxation within the requiring Commonwealth; the President to make an annual report of the operations of Lincoln University," making an appropriation for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of the appropriation; providing for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated; and providing for certain fiscal information disclosure.. Description: A Supplement to the act of July 7, 1972 (P.L.743, No.176), entitled "An act providing for the establishment and operation of Lincoln University as an instrumentality of the Commonwealth to serve as a State-related institution in the higher education system of the Commonwealth; providing for change of name; providing for the composition of the board of trustees; terms of trustees, and the power and duties of such trustees; providing for preference to Pennsylvania residents in tuition; authorizing appropriations in amounts to be fixed annually by the General Assembly; providing for the auditing of accounts of expenditures from said appropriations; providing for public support and capital improvements; authorizing the issuance of bonds exempt from taxation within the requiring Commonwealth; the President to make an annual report of the operations of Lincoln University," making an appropriation for carrying the same into effect; providing for a basis for payments of the appropriation; providing for a method of accounting for the funds appropriated; and providing for certain fiscal information disclosure.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations to the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania.. Description: An Act making appropriations to the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for COVID-19 emergency testing plan and reporting and for water and sewer authorities in cities of the second class.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for COVID-19 emergency testing plan and reporting and for water and sewer authorities in cities of the second class.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for emergency COVID-19 provisions.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for emergency COVID-19 provisions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for access to public records during disaster declaration.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for access to public records during disaster declaration.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021.. Description: An Act making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for donor immunity.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 10, 1981 (P.L.234, No.76), known as the Donated Food Limited Liability Act, further providing for donor immunity.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In financial responsibility, further providing for required financial responsibility.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in financial responsibility, further providing for required financial responsibility.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing financial restrictions related to the COVID-19 emergency: in financial matters of domestic nonprofit corporations, further providing for investment of trust funds and providing for nonjudicial settlement agreement; and, in principal and income, further providing for charitable trusts.. Description: An Act amending Titles 15 (Corporations and Unincorporated Associations) and 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing financial restrictions related to the COVID-19 emergency: in financial matters of domestic nonprofit corporations, further providing for investment of trust funds and providing for nonjudicial settlement agreement; and, in principal and income, further providing for charitable trusts.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for judicial salaries, for compensation of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, State Treasurer, Auditor General, Attorney General, Commissioners of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission and heads of departments and for members of the General Assembly; providing for cost-of-living adjustment hiatus; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of September 30, 1983 (P.L.160, No.39), known as the Public Official Compensation Law, further providing for judicial salaries, for compensation of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, State Treasurer, Auditor General, Attorney General, Commissioners of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission and heads of departments and for members of the General Assembly; providing for cost-of-living adjustment hiatus; and making a repeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in personal income tax, further providing for classes of income.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of State and its departmental administrative board, providing for report on implementation of 2020 general primary election.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of State and its departmental administrative board, providing for report on implementation of 2020 general primary election.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In child protective services, further providing for employees having contact with children and adoptive and foster parents.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child protective services, further providing for employees having contact with children and adoptive and foster parents.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for COVID-19 record retention.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for COVID-19 record retention.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for establishment outdoor space operation.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for establishment outdoor space operation.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Long-Term Care Facility Personal Protective Equipment Reimbursement Grant Program and imposing duties on the Department of Aging.. Description: An Act establishing the Long-Term Care Facility Personal Protective Equipment Reimbursement Grant Program and imposing duties on the Department of Aging.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for regional response health collaboration and for emergency COVID-19 response; and, in additional special funds and restricted accounts, providing for return of COVID response transfers.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, providing for regional response health collaboration and for emergency COVID-19 response; and, in additional special funds and restricted accounts, providing for return of COVID response transfers.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for emergency COVID-19 provisions.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for emergency COVID-19 provisions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for free exercise of religion protection.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 9, 2002 (P.L.1701, No.214), known as the Religious Freedom Protection Act, further providing for free exercise of religion protection.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In emergency COVID-19 response, further providing for money in account and providing for municipalities; in financially distressed municipalities, providing for local services tax; in special funds, further providing for disposition of Budget Stabilization Reserve Fund; in additional special funds and restricted accounts, further providing for return of COVID-19 response transfers and providing for Workers' Compensation Security Fund transfer; in general budget implementation, further providing for Department of Community and Economic Development, for Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, for Department of Environmental Protection, for Department of General Services, for Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board, for Department of Health, for Department of Military and Veterans Affairs, for Department of Human Services and for Department of Revenue and providing for legislative department and for Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission; further providing for 2020-2021 budget implementation and for 2020-2021 restrictions on appropriations for funds and accounts; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in emergency COVID-19 response, further providing for money in account and providing for municipalities; in financially distressed municipalities, providing for local services tax; in special funds, further providing for disposition of Budget Stabilization Reserve Fund; in additional special funds and restricted accounts, further providing for return of COVID-19 response transfers and providing for Workers' Compensation Security Fund transfer; in general budget implementation, further providing for Department of Community and Economic Development, for Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, for Department of Environmental Protection, for Department of General Services, for Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board, for Department of Health, for Department of Military and Veterans Affairs, for Department of Human Services and for Department of Revenue and providing for legislative department and for Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission; further providing for 2020-2021 budget implementation and for 2020-2021 restrictions on appropriations for funds and accounts; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the State Epidemiology Advisory Council; and making an appropriation.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, establishing the State Epidemiology Advisory Council; and making an appropriation.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for countywide reopening plan for businesses.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for countywide reopening plan for businesses.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In municipal financial distress, providing for emergency plan extension.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 10, 1987 (P.L.246, No.47), known as the Municipalities Financial Recovery Act, in municipal financial distress, providing for emergency plan extension.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for COVID-19 countywide reopening plan for businesses.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, providing for COVID-19 countywide reopening plan for businesses.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for approval of drugs, for exemptions and exceptions and for violations and penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 6, 1980 (P.L.197, No.57), known as the Optometric Practice and Licensure Act, further providing for definitions, for approval of drugs, for exemptions and exceptions and for violations and penalties.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for appointments and incompatible offices.. Description: An Act amending Title 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in powers, duties and rights of appointed officers and employees, further providing for appointments and incompatible offices.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43976, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 1010 over Chatham Run, Pine Creek Township, Clinton County, as the Tech. Corporal Lee R. Phillips Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 43976, on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 1010 over Chatham Run, Pine Creek Township, Clinton County, as the Tech. Corporal Lee R. Phillips Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for criminal background checks for expedited licensure applicants.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 26, 2016 (P.L.891, No.112), known as the Interstate Medical Licensure Compact Act, providing for criminal background checks for expedited licensure applicants.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of February 27, 1868 (P.L.43, No.9), entitled "An act to declare the true intent and meaning of the eleventh section of an act to provide for the reduction of the public debt, approved April twenty-second, Anno Domini one thousand eight hundred and forty-six.". Description: An Act repealing the act of February 27, 1868 (P.L.43, No.9), entitled "An act to declare the true intent and meaning of the eleventh section of an act to provide for the reduction of the public debt, approved April twenty-second, Anno Domini one thousand eight hundred and forty-six."
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the act of April 9, 1870 (P.L.59, No.38), entitled "A supplement to an act, entitled ' to provide for the reduction of the public debt,' approved the twenty-second April, Anno Domini one thousand eight hundred and forty-six.". Description: An Act repealing the act of April 9, 1870 (P.L.59, No.38), entitled "A supplement to an act, entitled 'An Act to provide for the reduction of the public debt,' approved the twenty-second April, Anno Domini one thousand eight hundred and forty-six."
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in Secretary of the Commonwealth, providing for reports on implementation of elections; in county boards of elections, further providing for powers and duties of county boards, for records and documents to be open to public inspection and proviso, for preservation of records and for watchers or attorneys at sessions of county board and candidates may be present; in district election officers, further providing for qualifications of election officers and for appointment of watchers; in voting by qualified absentee electors, further providing for applications for official absentee ballots, for date of application for absentee ballot, for official absentee voters ballots, for delivering or mailing ballots, for voting by absentee electors and for canvassing of official absentee ballots and mail-in ballots; in Statewide Uniform Registry of Electors Advisory Board, providing for SURE requirements; in voting by qualified mail-in electors, further providing for applications for official mail-in ballots, for date of application for mail-in ballot, for official mail-in elector ballots, for delivering or mailing ballots and for voting by mail-in electors; in penalties, providing for an enhancement of penalties for certain violations; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in Secretary of the Commonwealth, providing for reports on implementation of elections; in county boards of elections, further providing for powers and duties of county boards, for records and documents to be open to public inspection and proviso, for preservation of records and for watchers or attorneys at sessions of county board and candidates may be present; in district election officers, further providing for qualifications of election officers and for appointment of watchers; in voting by qualified absentee electors, further providing for applications for official absentee ballots, for date of application for absentee ballot, for official absentee voters ballots, for delivering or mailing ballots, for voting by absentee electors and for canvassing of official absentee ballots and mail-in ballots; in Statewide Uniform Registry of Electors Advisory Board, providing for SURE requirements; in voting by qualified mail-in electors, further providing for applications for official mail-in ballots, for date of application for mail-in ballot, for official mail-in elector ballots, for delivering or mailing ballots and for voting by mail-in electors; in penalties, providing for an enhancement of penalties for certain violations; and making an editorial change.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Allegheny Township, Blair County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Allegheny Township, Blair County.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Allegheny Township, Blair County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Allegheny Township, Blair County.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of February 2, 1966 (1965 P.L.1860, No.586), entitled "An act encouraging landowners to make land and water areas available to the public for recreational purposes by limiting liability in connection therewith, and repealing certain acts," further providing for definitions; and providing for recreational user's claim for property rights and for the substitution of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for a party in litigation.. Description: An Act amending the act of February 2, 1966 (1965 P.L.1860, No.586), entitled "An act encouraging landowners to make land and water areas available to the public for recreational purposes by limiting liability in connection therewith, and repealing certain acts," further providing for definitions; and providing for recreational user's claim for property rights and for the substitution of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for a party in litigation.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In pupils and attendance, providing for extended special education enrollment due to COVID-19; and, in terms and courses of study, providing for option year of education due to COVID-19.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in pupils and attendance, providing for extended special education enrollment due to COVID-19; and, in terms and courses of study, providing for option year of education due to COVID-19.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for a long-term care medical director registry and imposing duties on the Department of Health and the Department of Human Services.. Description: An Act providing for a long-term care medical director registry and imposing duties on the Department of Health and the Department of Human Services.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8680, carrying State Route 3055 over Stonycreek River in the City of Johnstown, Cambria County, as the City of Johnstown Firefighters Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge, identified as Bridge Key 8680, carrying State Route 3055 over Stonycreek River in the City of Johnstown, Cambria County, as the City of Johnstown Firefighters Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for access to long-term care facilities for essential caregivers, for additional safety requirements for residents of long-term care facilities, for suspension of access for essential caregivers and for personal protective equipment for essential caregivers.. Description: An Act providing for access to long-term care facilities for essential caregivers, for additional safety requirements for residents of long-term care facilities, for suspension of access for essential caregivers and for personal protective equipment for essential caregivers.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In banking and securities, further providing for fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 15, 1933 (P.L.565, No.111), known as the Department of Banking and Securities Code, in banking and securities, further providing for fund.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency, further providing for definitions and for mortgage and rental assistance program.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency, further providing for definitions and for mortgage and rental assistance program.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the Eastern hellbender (Cryptobranchus alleganiensis alleganiensis) as the official amphibian of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.. Description: An Act designating the Eastern hellbender (Cryptobranchus alleganiensis alleganiensis) as the official amphibian of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statues, in sentencing, further providing for conditions of probation and for modification or revocation of order of probation.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statues, in sentencing, further providing for conditions of probation and for modification or revocation of order of probation.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for title, for definitions, for State Board of Nursing, for dietitian-nutritionist license required, for unauthorized practices and acts not prohibited, for temporary practice permit, for graduates of schools of other states, territories or Dominion of Canada, for persons entitled to practice, for certified registered nurse practitioners and qualifications, for scope of practice for certified registered nurse practitioners, for prescriptive authority for certified registered nurse practitioners, for Drug Review Committee, for professional liability, for reporting of multiple licensure, for continuing nursing education, for punishment for violations, for refusal, suspension or revocation of license, for reinstatement of license and for injunction or other process; and providing for the expiration of the State Board of Nursing's power to license certified registered nurse practitioners.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 22, 1951 (P.L.317, No.69), known as The Professional Nursing Law, further providing for title, for definitions, for State Board of Nursing, for dietitian-nutritionist license required, for unauthorized practices and acts not prohibited, for temporary practice permit, for graduates of schools of other states, territories or Dominion of Canada, for persons entitled to practice, for certified registered nurse practitioners and qualifications, for scope of practice for certified registered nurse practitioners, for prescriptive authority for certified registered nurse practitioners, for Drug Review Committee, for professional liability, for reporting of multiple licensure, for continuing nursing education, for punishment for violations, for refusal, suspension or revocation of license, for reinstatement of license and for injunction or other process; and providing for the expiration of the State Board of Nursing's power to license certified registered nurse practitioners.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain lands owned by the Borough of Topton, Berks County, in exchange for the imposition of Project 70 restrictions on other lands to be acquired by the Borough of Topton, Berks County.. Description: An Act authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain lands owned by the Borough of Topton, Berks County, in exchange for the imposition of Project 70 restrictions on other lands to be acquired by the Borough of Topton, Berks County.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In city revitalization and improvement zones, further providing for reports and for restrictions; and providing for Pennsylvania Housing Tax Credit.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, in city revitalization and improvement zones, further providing for reports and for restrictions; and providing for Pennsylvania Housing Tax Credit.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of U.S. Route 30 in Hempfield Township, Southwest Greensburg Borough, the City of Greensburg, and South Greensburg Borough, Westmoreland County, as the J. Edward "Hutch" Hutchinson Memorial Bypass.. Description: An Act designating a portion of U.S. Route 30 in Hempfield Township, Southwest Greensburg Borough, the City of Greensburg, and South Greensburg Borough, Westmoreland County, as the J. Edward "Hutch" Hutchinson Memorial Bypass.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In particular rights and immunities, providing for civil immunity of person rescuing minor from motor vehicle.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in particular rights and immunities, providing for civil immunity of person rescuing minor from motor vehicle.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In human trafficking, further providing for the offense of trafficking in individuals, for the offense of patronizing a victim of sexual servitude and for asset forfeiture; and, in depositions and witnesses, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in human trafficking, further providing for the offense of trafficking in individuals, for the offense of patronizing a victim of sexual servitude and for asset forfeiture; and, in depositions and witnesses, further providing for definitions.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for the definition of "eligible entity"; and, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for wine and spirits auction permits.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 12, 1951 (P.L.90, No.21), known as the Liquor Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for the definition of "eligible entity"; and, in licenses and regulations and liquor, alcohol and malt and brewed beverages, further providing for wine and spirits auction permits.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to join the Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact; providing for the form of the compact; imposing additional powers and duties on the Governor, the Secretary of the Commonwealth and the Compact.. Description: An Act authorizing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to join the Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact; providing for the form of the compact; imposing additional powers and duties on the Governor, the Secretary of the Commonwealth and the Compact.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for pediatric cancer research tax credit.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, providing for pediatric cancer research tax credit.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions; providing for Federal compliance; and further providing for minimum wages and for exemptions.. Description: An Act amending the act of January 17, 1968 (P.L.11, No.5), known as The Minimum Wage Act of 1968, further providing for definitions; providing for Federal compliance; and further providing for minimum wages and for exemptions.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In marriage license, further providing for restrictions on issuance of license.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in marriage license, further providing for restrictions on issuance of license.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licenses, tags and kennels, further providing for transfer of dog licenses or tags and other licensing requirements and for service dogs and dogs used by municipal or State Police departments.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 7, 1982 (P.L.784, No.225), known as the Dog Law, in licenses, tags and kennels, further providing for transfer of dog licenses or tags and other licensing requirements and for service dogs and dogs used by municipal or State Police departments.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In offenses against the family, further providing for newborn protection; in child protective services, further providing for definitions and for taking child into protective custody; and, in newborn protection, further providing for definitions and for incubators for newborns, providing for health care providers at urgent care centers accepting newborns and further providing for reporting acceptance of newborns, for immunity and for duties of department.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in offenses against the family, further providing for newborn protection; in child protective services, further providing for definitions and for taking child into protective custody; and, in newborn protection, further providing for definitions and for incubators for newborns, providing for health care providers at urgent care centers accepting newborns and further providing for reporting acceptance of newborns, for immunity and for duties of department.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Replacing references to "vocational-technical" with "career and technical," replacing references to "vocational" with "career and technical" and replacing references to "vocation" with "career and technical"; deleting references to vocational school districts; renaming the State Board for Vocational Education as the State Board of Career and Technical Education; in vocational education, further providing for advisory committees and providing for a workforce development program clearinghouse and for PAsmart online career resource center; establishing the Schools-to-Work Program; providing for powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, replacing references to "vocational-technical" with "career and technical," replacing references to "vocational" with "career and technical" and replacing references to "vocation" with "career and technical"; deleting references to vocational school districts; renaming the State Board for Vocational Education as the State Board of Career and Technical Education; in vocational education, further providing for advisory committees and providing for a workforce development program clearinghouse and for PAsmart online career resource center; establishing the Schools-to-Work Program; providing for powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry; and making editorial changes.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In assault, providing for the offense of drug delivery resulting in serious bodily injury; and, in sentencing, providing for sentencing for drug delivery resulting in serious bodily injury.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, providing for the offense of drug delivery resulting in serious bodily injury; and, in sentencing, providing for sentencing for drug delivery resulting in serious bodily injury.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In additional coverages, further providing for the definition of "employe"; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 2, 1915 (P.L.736, No.338), known as the Workers' Compensation Act, in additional coverages, further providing for the definition of "employe"; and making editorial changes.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In home rule and optional plan government, further providing for submission of question for election of government study commission and for limitation on enactment of ordinance or filing of petition.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in home rule and optional plan government, further providing for submission of question for election of government study commission and for limitation on enactment of ordinance or filing of petition.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In prescribing opioids to minors, providing for prescribing opioids to individuals and further providing for definitions, for prohibition and for procedure; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in prescribing opioids to minors, providing for prescribing opioids to individuals and further providing for definitions, for prohibition and for procedure; and making editorial changes.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for disqualification and forfeiture of benefits and for restitution for monetary loss; and repealing a retroactivity provision.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 8, 1978 (P.L.752, No.140), known as the Public Employee Pension Forfeiture Act, further providing for definitions, for disqualification and forfeiture of benefits and for restitution for monetary loss; and repealing a retroactivity provision.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In miscellaneous provisions, further providing for snow and ice dislodged or falling from moving vehicle.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for snow and ice dislodged or falling from moving vehicle.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for cardiopulmonary resuscitation education.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for cardiopulmonary resuscitation education.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 3016 (Bedford Street) over Solomon Run in the City of Johnstown, Cambria County, as the Seaman Apprentice Kenneth D. Scaife Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of Peg Run Road, Pennsylvania Route 240, over the West Branch of the Susquehanna River, Susquehanna Township, Cambria County, as the United States Army Sergeant Scott O. Henry Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of U.S. Route 220 in Sullivan County from the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 87 to the Bradford County line as the T.W. "Doc" Shoemaker Memorial Highway; designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 14 over Fall Brook, Troy Borough, Bradford County, as the Troy Area Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 305 over Shaver's Creek in Barree Township, Huntingdon County, as the Private Harold E. "Jim" Knode Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 453 over the Little Juniata River, Tyrone Township, Blair County, as the Robert E. Gensimore Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 899 over the Clarion River connecting Barnett Township, Jefferson County, and Barnett Township, Forest County, as the PFC Patrick T. Cassatt Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4018 over the Little Mahoning Creek, South Mahoning Township, Indiana County, as the SP4 Franklin Delano Meyer Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge identified as Bridge Key 54683 on that portion of State Route 3009 (Kushequa Avenue) over the Kinzua Creek in Kushequa, Hamlin Township, McKean County, as the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge identified as Bridge Key 18676 on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 747 over the Juniata River in Mount Union Borough, Huntingdon County, as the Captain Joseph S. Giacobello Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 2016 over the Casselman River in Rockwood Borough, Somerset County, as the PFC Alton Glenn Sterner Memorial Bridge; and designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 96 over the Little Wills Creek, Bedford County, as the Staff Sgt. Roger (Rod) Guy Holler Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 3016 (Bedford Street) over Solomon Run in the City of Johnstown, Cambria County, as the Seaman Apprentice Kenneth D. Scaife Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of Peg Run Road, Pennsylvania Route 240, over the West Branch of the Susquehanna River, Susquehanna Township, Cambria County, as the United States Army Sergeant Scott O. Henry Memorial Bridge; designating a portion of U.S. Route 220 in Sullivan County from the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 87 to the Bradford County line as the T.W. "Doc" Shoemaker Memorial Highway; designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 14 over Fall Brook, Troy Borough, Bradford County, as the Troy Area Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 305 over Shaver's Creek in Barree Township, Huntingdon County, as the Private Harold E. "Jim" Knode Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 453 over the Little Juniata River, Tyrone Township, Blair County, as the Robert E. Gensimore Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 899 over the Clarion River connecting Barnett Township, Jefferson County, and Barnett Township, Forest County, as the PFC Patrick T. Cassatt Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4018 over the Little Mahoning Creek, South Mahoning Township, Indiana County, as the SP4 Franklin Delano Meyer Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge identified as Bridge Key 54683 on that portion of State Route 3009 (Kushequa Avenue) over the Kinzua Creek in Kushequa, Hamlin Township, McKean County, as the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge; designating the bridge identified as Bridge Key 18676 on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 747 over the Juniata River in Mount Union Borough, Huntingdon County, as the Captain Joseph S. Giacobello Memorial Bridge; designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 2016 over the Casselman River in Rockwood Borough, Somerset County, as the PFC Alton Glenn Sterner Memorial Bridge; and designating a bridge on that portion of Pennsylvania Route 96 over the Little Wills Creek, Bedford County, as the Staff Sgt. Roger (Rod) Guy Holler Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing Recovery-to-work as a pilot program within the Department of Labor and Industry; and providing for local recovery-to-work pilot programs, for incentives to encourage business participation and for powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry.. Description: An Act establishing Recovery-to-work as a pilot program within the Department of Labor and Industry; and providing for local recovery-to-work pilot programs, for incentives to encourage business participation and for powers and duties of the Department of Labor and Industry.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In adoption, further providing for definitions, for hearing, for grounds for involuntary termination and for petition for involuntary termination, providing for notice if identity or whereabouts of birth parent or putative father unknown, further providing for consents necessary to adoption and repealing provisions relating to consents not naming adopting parents.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in adoption, further providing for definitions, for hearing, for grounds for involuntary termination and for petition for involuntary termination, providing for notice if identity or whereabouts of birth parent or putative father unknown, further providing for consents necessary to adoption and repealing provisions relating to consents not naming adopting parents.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for parole procedure.. Description: An Act amending Title 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for parole procedure.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In 911 emergency communication services, further providing for definitions, for telecommunications management, for counties, for fund, for telephone records, for inventory and for termination of chapter.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in 911 emergency communication services, further providing for definitions, for telecommunications management, for counties, for fund, for telephone records, for inventory and for termination of chapter.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Department of Military Affairs, providing for Civil Air Patrol; and, in authority of Department of Transportation, further providing for authority of department.. Description: An Act amending Titles 51 (Military Affairs) and 74 (Transportation) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Department of Military Affairs, providing for Civil Air Patrol; and, in authority of Department of Transportation, further providing for authority of department.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to release a portion of the use restriction and reversionary interest affecting certain real property situate partly in the Township of Mahoning and partly in the Borough of Danville, County of Montour; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the County of Mifflin certain lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Fire Academy situate in the Borough of Lewistown, Mifflin County, together with appurtenant parking, for the benefit of the general public; and authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania of the State System of Higher Education and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Cumberland Valley Rails to Trails Council a permanent easement from lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania situate in Shippensburg Township, Cumberland County, for the purpose of establishing and maintaining a parking lot for the benefit of the general public utilizing the Cumberland Valley Rail Trail.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to release a portion of the use restriction and reversionary interest affecting certain real property situate partly in the Township of Mahoning and partly in the Borough of Danville, County of Montour; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the County of Mifflin certain lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Fire Academy situate in the Borough of Lewistown, Mifflin County, together with appurtenant parking, for the benefit of the general public; and authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania of the State System of Higher Education and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Cumberland Valley Rails to Trails Council a permanent easement from lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania situate in Shippensburg Township, Cumberland County, for the purpose of establishing and maintaining a parking lot for the benefit of the general public utilizing the Cumberland Valley Rail Trail.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for Lieutenant Governor.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for Lieutenant Governor.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for price gouging prohibited and for investigation.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 31, 2006 (P.L.1210, No.133), known as the Price Gouging Act, further providing for definitions, for price gouging prohibited and for investigation.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Jeffrey C. Walker, certain lands situate in Somerset Township, Somerset County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Jeffrey C. Walker, certain lands situate in Somerset Township, Somerset County.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in school directors, further providing for school director training programs; in intermediate units, providing for school safety and security enhancements; in certification of teachers, further providing for continuing professional development, providing for trauma-informed education and further providing for postbaccalaureate certification and for Pennsylvania school leadership standards; in safe schools, further providing for Office for Safe Schools; in school safety and security, further providing for definitions, for School Safety and Security Committee, for survey of school safety and security, for School Safety and Security Grant Program, for Risk and Vulnerability Assessment Teams, for school safety and security coordinator and for school safety and security training and providing for trauma-informed approach; in Safe2Say Program, further providing for judicial proceeding and for annual report; providing for threat assessment; in school health services, further providing for confidentiality, transference and removal of health records; in early learning programs, further providing for duties of department; providing for the Keystone Telepresence Education Grant Program; in the State Board of Education, further providing for powers and duties of the board and for powers and duties of Council of Basic Education and Council of Higher Education; and providing for references to area career and technical school in statute and regulation.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in school directors, further providing for school director training programs; in intermediate units, providing for school safety and security enhancements; in certification of teachers, further providing for continuing professional development, providing for trauma-informed education and further providing for postbaccalaureate certification and for Pennsylvania school leadership standards; in safe schools, further providing for Office for Safe Schools; in school safety and security, further providing for definitions, for School Safety and Security Committee, for survey of school safety and security, for School Safety and Security Grant Program, for Risk and Vulnerability Assessment Teams, for school safety and security coordinator and for school safety and security training and providing for trauma-informed approach; in Safe2Say Program, further providing for judicial proceeding and for annual report; providing for threat assessment; in school health services, further providing for confidentiality, transference and removal of health records; in early learning programs, further providing for duties of department; providing for the Keystone Telepresence Education Grant Program; in the State Board of Education, further providing for powers and duties of the board and for powers and duties of Council of Basic Education and Council of Higher Education; and providing for references to area career and technical school in statute and regulation.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for purchase of agricultural conservation easements.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 30, 1981 (P.L.128, No.43), known as the Agricultural Area Security Law, further providing for purchase of agricultural conservation easements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, providing for online training for firefighters; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, providing for online training for firefighters; and making a related repeal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Pennsylvania Game Commission, further providing for accountability; and, in hunting and furtaking, further providing for hunting on Sunday prohibited and for trespass on private property while hunting and providing for hunting on Sunday without written permission.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Pennsylvania Game Commission, further providing for accountability; and, in hunting and furtaking, further providing for hunting on Sunday prohibited and for trespass on private property while hunting and providing for hunting on Sunday without written permission.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the capital budget for the fiscal year 2019-2020 and for limitation on redevelopment assistance capital projects; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act providing for the capital budget for the fiscal year 2019-2020 and for limitation on redevelopment assistance capital projects; and making a related repeal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons, for late contributions and independent expenditures, for oath of compliance, perjury, disqualification from office and commercial use, for residual funds and for place of filing, providing for manner of filing and for inability to file reports or statements electronically by deadline and further providing for late filing fee and certificate of filing, for additional powers and duties of the Secretary of the Commonwealth and for reports by business entities and publication by Secretary of the Commonwealth.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in primary and election expenses, further providing for reporting by candidate and political committees and other persons, for late contributions and independent expenditures, for oath of compliance, perjury, disqualification from office and commercial use, for residual funds and for place of filing, providing for manner of filing and for inability to file reports or statements electronically by deadline and further providing for late filing fee and certificate of filing, for additional powers and duties of the Secretary of the Commonwealth and for reports by business entities and publication by Secretary of the Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for unlawful acts.. Description: An Act amending the act of September 27, 1961 (P.L.1700, No.699), known as the Pharmacy Act, further providing for definitions and for unlawful acts.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Professional Licensure Augmentation Account and from restricted revenue accounts within the General Fund to the Department of State for use by the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs in support of the professional licensure boards assigned thereto.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Workmen's Compensation Administration Fund to the Department of Labor and Industry and the Department of Community and Economic Development to provide for the expenses of administering the Workers' Compensation Act, The Pennsylvania Occupational Disease Act and the Office of Small Business Advocate for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Small Business Advocate in the Department of Community and Economic Development.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.. Description: An Act making an appropriation from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund to the Office of Consumer Advocate in the Office of Attorney General.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Public School Employees' Retirement Fund and from the PSERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the Public School Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the State Employees' Retirement Fund and from the SERS Defined Contribution Fund to provide for expenses of the State Employees' Retirement Board for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the Philadelphia Taxicab and Limousine Regulatory Fund and the Philadelphia Taxicab Medallion Fund to the Philadelphia Parking Authority for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020.. Description: An Act making appropriations from a restricted revenue account within the General Fund and from Federal augmentation funds to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019.. Description: An Act making appropriations from the restricted revenue accounts within the State Gaming Fund and from the restricted revenue accounts within the Fantasy Contest Fund and Video Gaming Fund to the Attorney General, the Department of Revenue, the Pennsylvania State Police and the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In health care assistance, further providing for Community-Based Health Care Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 21, 2013 (P.L.32, No.10), known as the Community-Based Health Care Act, in health care assistance, further providing for Community-Based Health Care Program.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of stalking; in wiretapping and electronic surveillance, further providing for definitions; in child custody, further providing for consideration of criminal conviction; in domestic and sexual violence victim address confidentiality, further providing for penalties; and, in sentencing, further providing for sentences for second and subsequent offenses.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses), 23 (Domestic Relations) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of stalking; in wiretapping and electronic surveillance, further providing for definitions; in child custody, further providing for consideration of criminal conviction; in domestic and sexual violence victim address confidentiality, further providing for penalties; and, in sentencing, further providing for sentences for second and subsequent offenses.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In veterans' pensions and benefits, further providing for blind veteran's pension and for amputee and paralyzed veteran's pension.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in veterans' pensions and benefits, further providing for blind veteran's pension and for amputee and paralyzed veteran's pension.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In proprietary and official rights, further providing for the offense of wearing of uniforms and insignia and misrepresentation of military service or honors; and, in State Veterans' Commission and Deputy Adjutant General for Veterans' Affairs, further providing for Veterans' Trust Fund.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in proprietary and official rights, further providing for the offense of wearing of uniforms and insignia and misrepresentation of military service or honors; and, in State Veterans' Commission and Deputy Adjutant General for Veterans' Affairs, further providing for Veterans' Trust Fund.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in qualifications of electors, further providing for qualifications of electors at primaries; in party organization, further providing for only enrolled electors to vote at primaries or hold party offices; in nomination of candidates, further providing for candidates to be nominated and party officers to be elected at primaries and providing for procedure for unenrolled electors to cast primary ballots; and, in preparation for and conduct of primaries and elections, further providing for manner of applying to vote, persons entitled to vote, voter's certificates, entries to be made in district register, numbered lists of voters and challenges.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in qualifications of electors, further providing for qualifications of electors at primaries; in party organization, further providing for only enrolled electors to vote at primaries or hold party offices; in nomination of candidates, further providing for candidates to be nominated and party officers to be elected at primaries and providing for procedure for unenrolled electors to cast primary ballots; and, in preparation for and conduct of primaries and elections, further providing for manner of applying to vote, persons entitled to vote, voter's certificates, entries to be made in district register, numbered lists of voters and challenges.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Pennsylvania Rural Health Redesign Center Authority and the Pennsylvania Rural Health Redesign Center Fund.. Description: An Act establishing the Pennsylvania Rural Health Redesign Center Authority and the Pennsylvania Rural Health Redesign Center Fund.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the establishment of first-time home buyer savings accounts for first-time home buyers in this Commonwealth.. Description: An Act providing for the establishment of first-time home buyer savings accounts for first-time home buyers in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In township supervisors, further providing for duties of supervisors.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in township supervisors, further providing for duties of supervisors.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In taxation and finance, further providing for annual budget.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in taxation and finance, further providing for annual budget.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Enacting the Revised Uniform Fiduciary Access to Digital Assets Act; providing for user direction and agreements, for disclosure of digital assets and electronic communications, for functions of fiduciaries and for compliance and immunity for custodians of digital assets and electronic communications; and making conforming amendments.. Description: An Act amending Title 20 (Decedents, Estates and Fiduciaries) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, enacting the Revised Uniform Fiduciary Access to Digital Assets Act; providing for user direction and agreements, for disclosure of digital assets and electronic communications, for functions of fiduciaries and for compliance and immunity for custodians of digital assets and electronic communications; and making conforming amendments.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the option to prohibit the location of an establishment license within a municipality.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for the option to prohibit the location of an establishment license within a municipality.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the definition of "certified registered nurse anesthetist"; further providing for registered nurse, clinical nurse specialist, use of title and abbreviation "R.N." or "C.N.S." and credentials and fraud; and providing for certified registered nurse anesthetist and qualifications.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 22, 1951 (P.L.317, No.69), known as The Professional Nursing Law, providing for the definition of "certified registered nurse anesthetist"; further providing for registered nurse, clinical nurse specialist, use of title and abbreviation "R.N." or "C.N.S." and credentials and fraud; and providing for certified registered nurse anesthetist and qualifications.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, further providing for firefighter and emergency service training and establishing the Fire Training Fund.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, further providing for firefighter and emergency service training and establishing the Fire Training Fund.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In forgery and fraudulent practices, further providing for bad checks.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in forgery and fraudulent practices, further providing for bad checks.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In size, weight and load, further providing for width of vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in size, weight and load, further providing for width of vehicles.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In assault, further providing for the offense of aggravated assault.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in assault, further providing for the offense of aggravated assault.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing local taxing authorities to provide for tax exemption incentives for certain deteriorated industrial, commercial, business and residential property and for new construction in deteriorated areas of communities; providing for an exemption schedule; and establishing standards and qualifications.. Description: An Act authorizing local taxing authorities to provide for tax exemption incentives for certain deteriorated industrial, commercial, business and residential property and for new construction in deteriorated areas of communities; providing for an exemption schedule; and establishing standards and qualifications.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In child protective services, further providing for notification to department and development of plan of safe care for children under one year of age.. Description: An Act amending Title 23 (Domestic Relations) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in child protective services, further providing for notification to department and development of plan of safe care for children under one year of age.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in powers and duties of Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, further providing for specific powers and duties, for personal property and for documents and providing for Commonwealth archival records, for local government archival records and for access to older public records; and, in historic properties, further providing for title to historic property and for powers over certain historic property.. Description: An Act amending Title 37 (Historical and Museums) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in powers and duties of Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, further providing for specific powers and duties, for personal property and for documents and providing for Commonwealth archival records, for local government archival records and for access to older public records; and, in historic properties, further providing for title to historic property and for powers over certain historic property.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In enforcement, further providing for jurisdiction and penalties; and, in game or wildlife protection, further providing for the offense of unlawful taking and possession of protected birds and for endangered or threatened species.. Description: An Act amending Title 34 (Game) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in enforcement, further providing for jurisdiction and penalties; and, in game or wildlife protection, further providing for the offense of unlawful taking and possession of protected birds and for endangered or threatened species.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of March 4, 1970 (P.L.128, No.49), entitled "An act granting to the Governor of the Commonwealth the sole authority for regulating the display of the flag of the United States from any public ground or building and from any ground or building of certain other institutions," further providing for display of flag.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1970 (P.L.128, No.49), entitled "An act granting to the Governor of the Commonwealth the sole authority for regulating the display of the flag of the United States from any public ground or building and from any ground or building of certain other institutions," further providing for display of flag.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for proposed regulations and procedures for review, for final-form regulations and final-omitted regulations and procedures for review and for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 25, 1982 (P.L.633, No.181), known as the Regulatory Review Act, further providing for definitions, for proposed regulations and procedures for review, for final-form regulations and final-omitted regulations and procedures for review and for procedures for subsequent review of disapproved final-form or final-omitted regulations.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for sexual assault evidence collection program, for rights of sexual assault victims and for report by Pennsylvania State Police.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 29, 2006 (P.L.1471, No.165), known as the Sexual Assault Testing and Evidence Collection Act, further providing for sexual assault evidence collection program, for rights of sexual assault victims and for report by Pennsylvania State Police.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, repealing provisions relating to disqualifications for service as election officer.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, repealing provisions relating to disqualifications for service as election officer.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing separate and distinct amendments to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for tenure of justices, judges and justices of the peace; and further providing for absentee voting.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing separate and distinct amendments to the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, further providing for tenure of justices, judges and justices of the peace; and further providing for absentee voting.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In party organization, further providing for who shall be declared elected members of national or State committee and party offices; and, in returns of primaries and elections, further providing for manner of computing irregular ballots.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in party organization, further providing for who shall be declared elected members of national or State committee and party offices; and, in returns of primaries and elections, further providing for manner of computing irregular ballots.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In ballots, further providing for number of ballots to be printed and specimen ballots.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in ballots, further providing for number of ballots to be printed and specimen ballots.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in the Secretary of the Commonwealth, providing for requirements for disapproval or decertification of voting apparatuses and for census outreach; in district election officers, further providing for compensation of district election officers; in election districts and polling places, further providing for restrictions on alteration; in nomination of candidates, further providing for petition may consist of several sheets and affidavit of circulator, for manner of signing nomination petitions and time of circulating and for nominations by political bodies; in ballots, further providing for form of official primary ballot, for form of official election ballot, for number of ballots to be printed and specimen ballots and for forms of ballots on file and open to public inspection and ballots and diagrams to be furnished to candidates and parties; in voting machines, further providing for requirements of voting machines and for form of ballot labels on voting machines; in electronic voting systems, further providing for requirements of electronic voting systems, for forms, for election day procedures and the process of voting and for post election procedures; providing for voting apparatus bonds; in preparation for and conduct of primaries and elections, further providing for manner of applying to vote and persons entitled to vote and voter's certificates and entries to be made in district register and numbered lists of voters and challenges, for method of marking ballots and depositing same in districts in which ballots are used, for instructions of voters and manner of voting in districts in which voting machines are used, for count and return of votes in districts in which ballots are used, for what ballots shall be counted, manner of counting and defective ballots and for canvass and return of votes in districts in which voting machines are used and providing for deadline for receipt of valid voter registration application, for appeals and for appeals to court of common pleas; in voting by qualified absentee electors, further providing for applications for official absentee ballots, for date of application for absentee ballot, for approval of application for absentee ballot, for absentee electors files and lists, for official absentee voters ballots, for delivering or mailing ballots, for voting by absentee electors, for canvassing of official absentee ballots and for public records; providing for voting by qualified mail-in electors; in returns of primaries and elections, further providing for manner of computing irregular ballots; providing for dissemination of information and for jurisdiction; removing references to the Traffic Court of Philadelphia; and making related repeals.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in the Secretary of the Commonwealth, providing for requirements for disapproval or decertification of voting apparatuses and for census outreach; in district election officers, further providing for compensation of district election officers; in election districts and polling places, further providing for restrictions on alteration; in nomination of candidates, further providing for petition may consist of several sheets and affidavit of circulator, for manner of signing nomination petitions and time of circulating and for nominations by political bodies; in ballots, further providing for form of official primary ballot, for form of official election ballot, for number of ballots to be printed and specimen ballots and for forms of ballots on file and open to public inspection and ballots and diagrams to be furnished to candidates and parties; in voting machines, further providing for requirements of voting machines and for form of ballot labels on voting machines; in electronic voting systems, further providing for requirements of electronic voting systems, for forms, for election day procedures and the process of voting and for post election procedures; providing for voting apparatus bonds; in preparation for and conduct of primaries and elections, further providing for manner of applying to vote and persons entitled to vote and voter's certificates and entries to be made in district register and numbered lists of voters and challenges, for method of marking ballots and depositing same in districts in which ballots are used, for instructions of voters and manner of voting in districts in which voting machines are used, for count and return of votes in districts in which ballots are used, for what ballots shall be counted, manner of counting and defective ballots and for canvass and return of votes in districts in which voting machines are used and providing for deadline for receipt of valid voter registration application, for appeals and for appeals to court of common pleas; in voting by qualified absentee electors, further providing for applications for official absentee ballots, for date of application for absentee ballot, for approval of application for absentee ballot, for absentee electors files and lists, for official absentee voters ballots, for delivering or mailing ballots, for voting by absentee electors, for canvassing of official absentee ballots and for public records; providing for voting by qualified mail-in electors; in returns of primaries and elections, further providing for manner of computing irregular ballots; providing for dissemination of information and for jurisdiction; removing references to the Traffic Court of Philadelphia; and making related repeals.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in county boards of elections, further providing for powers and duties of county boards; in ballots, further providing for forms of ballots, printing ballots, numbers; in electronic voting systems, further providing for forms, for election day procedures and the process of voting and for post election procedures; in preparation for and conduct of primaries and elections, further providing for manner of applying to vote, persons entitled to vote, voter's certificates, entries to be made in district register, numbered lists of voters, challenges and for deadline for receipt of valid voter registration application; in voting by qualified absentee electors, further providing for applications for official absentee ballots, for approval of application for absentee ballot, for absentee and mail-in electors files and lists, for official absentee voters ballots, for envelopes for official absentee ballots, for delivering or mailing ballots, for voting by absentee electors, for canvassing of official absentee ballots and mail-in ballots and for public records and repealing provisions relating to violation of provisions relating to absentee voting; in voting by qualified mail-in electors, further providing for qualified mail-in electors, for applications for official mail-in ballots, for approval of application for mail-in ballot, for official mail-in elector ballots, for envelopes for official mail-in ballots, for voting by mail-in electors and for public records and repealing provisions relating to violation of provisions relating to mail-in voting; providing for Pennsylvania Election Law Advisory Board; in penalties, further providing for violations of provisions relating to absentee electors ballots; providing for emergency provisions for 2020 general primary election; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in county boards of elections, further providing for powers and duties of county boards; in ballots, further providing for forms of ballots, printing ballots, numbers; in electronic voting systems, further providing for forms, for election day procedures and the process of voting and for post election procedures; in preparation for and conduct of primaries and elections, further providing for manner of applying to vote, persons entitled to vote, voter's certificates, entries to be made in district register, numbered lists of voters, challenges and for deadline for receipt of valid voter registration application; in voting by qualified absentee electors, further providing for applications for official absentee ballots, for approval of application for absentee ballot, for absentee and mail-in electors files and lists, for official absentee voters ballots, for envelopes for official absentee ballots, for delivering or mailing ballots, for voting by absentee electors, for canvassing of official absentee ballots and mail-in ballots and for public records and repealing provisions relating to violation of provisions relating to absentee voting; in voting by qualified mail-in electors, further providing for qualified mail-in electors, for applications for official mail-in ballots, for approval of application for mail-in ballot, for official mail-in elector ballots, for envelopes for official mail-in ballots, for voting by mail-in electors and for public records and repealing provisions relating to violation of provisions relating to mail-in voting; providing for Pennsylvania Election Law Advisory Board; in penalties, further providing for violations of provisions relating to absentee electors ballots; providing for emergency provisions for 2020 general primary election; and making a related repeal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In crime victims, further providing for rights.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 24, 1998 (P.L.882, No.111), known as the Crime Victims Act, in crime victims, further providing for rights.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing standards for carbon monoxide alarms in child care facilities; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act providing standards for carbon monoxide alarms in child care facilities; and imposing penalties.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sexual offenses, further providing for evidence of victim's sexual conduct.. Description: An Act amending Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sexual offenses, further providing for evidence of victim's sexual conduct.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for access to prescription information.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 27, 2014 (P.L.2911, No.191), known as the Achieving Better Care by Monitoring All Prescriptions Program (ABC-MAP) Act, further providing for access to prescription information.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for disability benefits and for definitions.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 28, 1935 (P.L.477, No.193), referred to as the Enforcement Officer Disability Benefits Law, further providing for disability benefits and for definitions.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, providing for flexible instructional days.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, providing for flexible instructional days.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the bridge carrying State Route 2087 over the East Branch Codorus Creek in York County as the Sgt. Christopher M. Wrinkle and Tosca Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating the bridge carrying State Route 2087 over the East Branch Codorus Creek in York County as the Sgt. Christopher M. Wrinkle and Tosca Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions and for application.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 10, 1999 (P.L.491, No.45), known as the Pennsylvania Construction Code Act, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions and for application.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for State Board of Private Licensed Schools, for powers and duties of board, for application for license, for license fees and for requirements for licensure and operation; providing for multibranch training schools and for institutional grants authority; further providing for promulgation of rules; and repealing provisions relating to existing licenses to remain in force and transfer of personnel, etc.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 15, 1986 (P.L.1585, No.174), known as the Private Licensed Schools Act, further providing for definitions, for State Board of Private Licensed Schools, for powers and duties of board, for application for license, for license fees and for requirements for licensure and operation; providing for multibranch training schools and for institutional grants authority; further providing for promulgation of rules; and repealing provisions relating to existing licenses to remain in force and transfer of personnel, etc.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In employees, providing for use of force recordkeeping and reporting for law enforcement agencies.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in employees, providing for use of force recordkeeping and reporting for law enforcement agencies.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, repealing provisions relating to report of racial and ethnic groupings and to study of public schools that provide Internet instruction; in school districts, repealing provisions relating to corporate seal, to submission of plans, to disapproval of plans, to Department of Public Instruction to prepare plans, to establishment of reorganized school districts and to advance establishment; in duties and powers of boards of school directors, repealing provisions relating to special school watchmen-school districts in townships of the second class, to copies of school laws and to educational broadcasting; in grounds and buildings, repealing provisions relating to residences for teachers and janitors, to heating stoves to be shielded, to ventilation and thermometer, to fireproof construction, to doors to open outward and fire escapes, etc., to completion of abandoned WPA projects in districts of the third and fourth class and to condition of grounds and shade trees; in certification of teachers, repealing provisions relating to summer schools, etc.; in pupils and attendance, repealing provisions relating to possession of telephone pagers prohibited, to nonprofit school food program, to antitruancy programs and to medical care for children under six with defective hearing; in safe schools, repealing provisions relating to report; in school health services, repealing provisions relating to care and treatment of pupils and to local wellness policy; in terms and courses of study, repealing provisions relating to foreign language academies, to monthly reports to school directors of the districts second, third and fourth class, to Read to Succeed Program and to department duties and powers; in vocational education, repealing provisions relating to schools or classes, supervisors, principals, instructors, etc., to estimate of expenses and reimbursements and appropriations and to teachers of evening schools; in transfers of credits between institutions of higher education, repealing provisions relating to duties of public institutions of higher education; repealing provisions relating to medical education loan assistance; and, in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, repealing provisions relating to special study on the revenue impact of out-of-State tax credits.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, repealing provisions relating to report of racial and ethnic groupings and to study of public schools that provide Internet instruction; in school districts, repealing provisions relating to corporate seal, to submission of plans, to disapproval of plans, to Department of Public Instruction to prepare plans, to establishment of reorganized school districts and to advance establishment; in duties and powers of boards of school directors, repealing provisions relating to special school watchmen-school districts in townships of the second class, to copies of school laws and to educational broadcasting; in grounds and buildings, repealing provisions relating to residences for teachers and janitors, to heating stoves to be shielded, to ventilation and thermometer, to fireproof construction, to doors to open outward and fire escapes, etc., to completion of abandoned WPA projects in districts of the third and fourth class and to condition of grounds and shade trees; in certification of teachers, repealing provisions relating to summer schools, etc.; in pupils and attendance, repealing provisions relating to possession of telephone pagers prohibited, to nonprofit school food program, to antitruancy programs and to medical care for children under six with defective hearing; in safe schools, repealing provisions relating to report; in school health services, repealing provisions relating to care and treatment of pupils and to local wellness policy; in terms and courses of study, repealing provisions relating to foreign language academies, to monthly reports to school directors of the districts second, third and fourth class, to Read to Succeed Program and to department duties and powers; in vocational education, repealing provisions relating to schools or classes, supervisors, principals, instructors, etc., to estimate of expenses and reimbursements and appropriations and to teachers of evening schools; in transfers of credits between institutions of higher education, repealing provisions relating to duties of public institutions of higher education; repealing provisions relating to medical education loan assistance; and, in reimbursements by Commonwealth and between school districts, repealing provisions relating to special study on the revenue impact of out-of-State tax credits.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In depositions and witnesses, providing for procedures to protect victims and witnesses with intellectual disabilities or autism.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in depositions and witnesses, providing for procedures to protect victims and witnesses with intellectual disabilities or autism.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In minors, further providing for the offense of sale of tobacco and for the offense of use of tobacco in schools; and, in preemptions relating to municipalities, further providing for tobacco.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in minors, further providing for the offense of sale of tobacco and for the offense of use of tobacco in schools; and, in preemptions relating to municipalities, further providing for tobacco.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for beginning farmer tax credit.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 4, 1971 (P.L.6, No.2), known as the Tax Reform Code of 1971, providing for beginning farmer tax credit.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In depositions and witnesses, further providing for admissibility of certain statements.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in depositions and witnesses, further providing for admissibility of certain statements.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for title of act, for definitions and for notification of breach; prohibiting employees of the Commonwealth from using nonsecured Internet connections; and providing for Commonwealth policy and for entities subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 22, 2005 (P.L.474, No.94), known as the Breach of Personal Information Notification Act, further providing for title of act, for definitions and for notification of breach; prohibiting employees of the Commonwealth from using nonsecured Internet connections; and providing for Commonwealth policy and for entities subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for State Board of Certified Real Estate Appraisers.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 10, 1990 (P.L.404, No.98), known as the Real Estate Appraisers Certification Act, further providing for definitions and for State Board of Certified Real Estate Appraisers.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for duties of board; repealing provisions relating to qualifications; further providing for certification; providing for employees of political subdivisions; further providing for disciplinary and correction measures and for unlawful practice; repealing provisions relating to nonapplicability; and providing for assessors in counties of the first class.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 16, 1992 (P.L.155, No.28), known as the Assessors Certification Act, further providing for definitions and for duties of board; repealing provisions relating to qualifications; further providing for certification; providing for employees of political subdivisions; further providing for disciplinary and correction measures and for unlawful practice; repealing provisions relating to nonapplicability; and providing for assessors in counties of the first class.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of October 27, 1979 (P.L.241, No.78), entitled "An act authorizing political subdivisions, municipality authorities and transportation authorities to enter into contracts for the purchase of goods and the sale of real and personal property where no bids are received," further providing for title of the act; adding a short title; and providing for contracts for services.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 27, 1979 (P.L.241, No.78), entitled "An act authorizing political subdivisions, municipality authorities and transportation authorities to enter into contracts for the purchase of goods and the sale of real and personal property where no bids are received," further providing for title of the act; adding a short title; and providing for contracts for services.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for County Adult Probation and Parole Advisory Committee, for county probation officers' firearm education and training, for justice reinvestment grants, phase 2, for continuing county probation and parole grants and for county intermediate punishment funding.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 22, 1978 (P.L.1166, No.274), referred to as the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency Law, providing for County Adult Probation and Parole Advisory Committee, for county probation officers' firearm education and training, for justice reinvestment grants, phase 2, for continuing county probation and parole grants and for county intermediate punishment funding.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In judicial boards and commissions, providing for commission, for composition of commission and for powers and duties of commission, for adoption of guidelines for sentencing, for adoption of guidelines for county intermediate punishment, for adoption of guidelines for State intermediate punishment and for adoption of risk assessment instrument; in judgments and other liens, further providing for personal earnings exempt from process; in sentencing, further providing for sentences for offenses against infant persons, for sentencing generally, for collection of restitution, reparation, fees, costs, fines and penalties, for payments of court costs, restitution and fines, for order of probation, for sentence of partial confinement, for sentence of total confinement, for sentence of county intermediate punishment, for information required upon commitment and subsequent disposition, for modification or revocation of order of probation, for court-imposed sanctions for offenders violating probation, for modification or revocation of county intermediate punishment sentence and for revocation of State intermediate punishment sentence; in county intermediate punishment, further providing for county intermediate punishment programs and for continued eligibility; in motivational boot camp, further providing for definitions, for selection of inmate participants and for motivational boot camp program; in State intermediate punishment, further providing for scope of chapter, for definitions, for referral to State intermediate punishment program, for drug offender treatment program and for reports; in recidivism risk reduction incentive, further providing for definitions, for sentencing, for evaluation and for reports; in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for confidentially of victim information; in Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for definitions, for general powers of board, for probation services, for parole power, providing for short sentence parole and for reentry supervision, further providing for violation of terms of parole, for parole procedure and for victim statements, testimony and participation in hearing and providing for parolee homicide review; in county probation officers' firearm education and training, further providing for County Probation Officers' Firearm Education and Training Commission and for commission membership; making conforming amendments; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in judicial boards and commissions, providing for commission, for composition of commission and for powers and duties of commission, for adoption of guidelines for sentencing, for adoption of guidelines for county intermediate punishment, for adoption of guidelines for State intermediate punishment and for adoption of risk assessment instrument; in judgments and other liens, further providing for personal earnings exempt from process; in sentencing, further providing for sentences for offenses against infant persons, for sentencing generally, for collection of restitution, reparation, fees, costs, fines and penalties, for payments of court costs, restitution and fines, for order of probation, for sentence of partial confinement, for sentence of total confinement, for sentence of county intermediate punishment, for information required upon commitment and subsequent disposition, for modification or revocation of order of probation, for court-imposed sanctions for offenders violating probation, for modification or revocation of county intermediate punishment sentence and for revocation of State intermediate punishment sentence; in county intermediate punishment, further providing for county intermediate punishment programs and for continued eligibility; in motivational boot camp, further providing for definitions, for selection of inmate participants and for motivational boot camp program; in State intermediate punishment, further providing for scope of chapter, for definitions, for referral to State intermediate punishment program, for drug offender treatment program and for reports; in recidivism risk reduction incentive, further providing for definitions, for sentencing, for evaluation and for reports; in miscellaneous provisions, further providing for confidentially of victim information; in Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for definitions, for general powers of board, for probation services, for parole power, providing for short sentence parole and for reentry supervision, further providing for violation of terms of parole, for parole procedure and for victim statements, testimony and participation in hearing and providing for parolee homicide review; in county probation officers' firearm education and training, further providing for County Probation Officers' Firearm Education and Training Commission and for commission membership; making conforming amendments; and making a related repeal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in crime victims, further providing for rights, for responsibilities of victims of crime under basic bill of rights, for responsibilities of State and local law enforcement agencies and for responsibilities of prosecutor's office; in administration, further providing for office, for powers and duties of victim advocate and for powers and duties of Office of Victims' Services; in parole advocacy, further providing for preparole notification to victim and for petitions to deny parole upon expiration of minimum sentence; in compensation, further providing for persons eligible for compensation, for filing of claims for compensation, for minimum allowable claim, for determination of claims, for emergency awards, for awards and for confidentiality of records; in services, further providing for eligibility of victims; in financial matters, further providing for costs and for costs for offender supervision programs; and, in enforcement, further providing for subrogation.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 24, 1998 (P.L.882, No.111), known as the Crime Victims Act, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in crime victims, further providing for rights, for responsibilities of victims of crime under basic bill of rights, for responsibilities of State and local law enforcement agencies and for responsibilities of prosecutor's office; in administration, further providing for office, for powers and duties of victim advocate and for powers and duties of Office of Victims' Services; in parole advocacy, further providing for preparole notification to victim and for petitions to deny parole upon expiration of minimum sentence; in compensation, further providing for persons eligible for compensation, for filing of claims for compensation, for minimum allowable claim, for determination of claims, for emergency awards, for awards and for confidentiality of records; in services, further providing for eligibility of victims; in financial matters, further providing for costs and for costs for offender supervision programs; and, in enforcement, further providing for subrogation.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In pupils and attendance, providing for students convicted or adjudicated delinquent of sexual assault; in safe schools, further providing for safe schools advocate in school districts of the first class; and, in educational tax credits, further providing for school. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in pupils and attendance, providing for students convicted or adjudicated delinquent of sexual assault; in safe schools, further providing for safe schools advocate in school districts of the first class; and, in educational tax credits, further providing for school
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for holidays and observances.. Description: An Act amending Title 38 (Holidays and Observances) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for holidays and observances.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Public Higher Education Funding Commission.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, establishing the Public Higher Education Funding Commission.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania of the State System of Higher Education and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Cumberland Valley Rails to Trails Council a permanent easement from lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania situate in Shippensburg Township, Cumberland County, for the purpose of establishing and maintaining a parking lot for the benefit of the general public utilizing the Cumberland Valley Rail Trail.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania of the State System of Higher Education and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Cumberland Valley Rails to Trails Council a permanent easement from lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania situate in Shippensburg Township, Cumberland County, for the purpose of establishing and maintaining a parking lot for the benefit of the general public utilizing the Cumberland Valley Rail Trail.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Amending the act of May 11, 1889 (P.L.188, No.210), entitled "A further supplement to an act, entitled 'An act to establish a board of wardens for the Port of Philadelphia, and for the regulation of pilots and pilotage, and for other purposes,' approved March twenty-ninth, one thousand eight hundred and three, and for regulating the rates of pilotage and number of pilots," further providing for rates of pilotage and computation, for pilotage fees and unit charge and for charges for services.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 11, 1889 (P.L.188, No.210), entitled "A further supplement to an act, entitled 'An act to establish a board of wardens for the Port of Philadelphia, and for the regulation of pilots and pilotage, and for other purposes,' approved March twenty-ninth, one thousand eight hundred and three, and for regulating the rates of pilotage and number of pilots," further providing for rates of pilotage and computation, for pilotage fees and unit charge and for charges for services.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In public safety, providing for opioid treatment agreements.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in public safety, providing for opioid treatment agreements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In environmental stewardship and watershed protection, further providing for agencies; providing for Pennsylvania Clean Water Procurement Program; establishing the Watershed Innovation and Improvement Fund; and making an appropriation.. Description: An Act amending Title 27 (Environmental Resources) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in environmental stewardship and watershed protection, further providing for agencies; providing for Pennsylvania Clean Water Procurement Program; establishing the Watershed Innovation and Improvement Fund; and making an appropriation.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for purchase of agricultural conservation easements.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 30, 1981 (P.L.128, No.43), known as the Agricultural Area Security Law, further providing for definitions and for purchase of agricultural conservation easements.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, establishing the Pennsylvania Dairy Future Commission and providing for its powers and duties.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, establishing the Pennsylvania Dairy Future Commission and providing for its powers and duties.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for eligibility requirements for examination, for limited licenses and for requirements of a School of Cosmetology.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 3, 1933 (P.L.242, No.86), referred to as the Cosmetology Law, further providing for eligibility requirements for examination, for limited licenses and for requirements of a School of Cosmetology.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In size, weight and load, further providing for permit for movement during course of manufacture; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for power of Governor during emergency.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in size, weight and load, further providing for permit for movement during course of manufacture; and, in powers of department and local authorities, further providing for power of Governor during emergency.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In military educational programs, further providing for definitions, for eligibility, for grants, for amount of grants, for limitations, for recoupment of grant payments, for regulations, for administration and for Educational Assistance Program Fund and providing for a military family education program; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in military educational programs, further providing for definitions, for eligibility, for grants, for amount of grants, for limitations, for recoupment of grant payments, for regulations, for administration and for Educational Assistance Program Fund and providing for a military family education program; and making editorial changes.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In charter schools, establishing the Charter School Funding Advisory Commission.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in charter schools, establishing the Charter School Funding Advisory Commission.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 15986, on that portion of Interstate 79 northbound over West 16th Street in the City of Erie, Erie County, as the Thomas J. Kennedy, Jr., Memorial Bridge; and designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4011 over Pine Creek, Hegins Township, Schuylkill County, as the A. Donald Buffington Memorial Bridge.. Description: An Act designating a bridge, identified as Bridge Key 15986, on that portion of Interstate 79 northbound over West 16th Street in the City of Erie, Erie County, as the Thomas J. Kennedy, Jr., Memorial Bridge; and designating a bridge on that portion of State Route 4011 over Pine Creek, Hegins Township, Schuylkill County, as the A. Donald Buffington Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In health and safety, further providing for certification of safety committee.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 2, 1915 (P.L.736, No.338), known as the Workers' Compensation Act, in health and safety, further providing for certification of safety committee.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In casualty insurance, further providing for coverage for mammographic examinations.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in casualty insurance, further providing for coverage for mammographic examinations.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In restructuring of electric utility industry, providing for transportation fueling infrastructure development.. Description: An Act amending Title 66 (Public Utilities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in restructuring of electric utility industry, providing for transportation fueling infrastructure development.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In rules of the road in general, further providing for speed timing devices.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in rules of the road in general, further providing for speed timing devices.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the County of Mifflin certain lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Fire Academy situate in the Borough of Lewistown, Mifflin County, together with appurtenant parking, for the benefit of the general public.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to the County of Mifflin certain lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Fire Academy situate in the Borough of Lewistown, Mifflin County, together with appurtenant parking, for the benefit of the general public.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions and public policy, further providing for definitions; and, in other pollutions and potential pollution, providing for notice of discharge endangering health or the environment.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 22, 1937 (P.L.1987, No.394), known as The Clean Streams Law, in general provisions and public policy, further providing for definitions; and, in other pollutions and potential pollution, providing for notice of discharge endangering health or the environment.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending provisions relating to school police officers, school resource officers and school security guards; and imposing powers and duties on the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, amending provisions relating to school police officers, school resource officers and school security guards; and imposing powers and duties on the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the declaration of a public health emergency, for duties of the Department of Health, for temporary regulations and for immunity from liability.. Description: An Act providing for the declaration of a public health emergency, for duties of the Department of Health, for temporary regulations and for immunity from liability.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In soil and conservation, providing for Conservation Excellence Grant Program; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in soil and conservation, providing for Conservation Excellence Grant Program; and making an editorial change.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In criminal history record information, further providing for use of records by licensing agencies; providing for preliminary provisions and for Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs; consolidating the provisions of Act 48 of 1993; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses) and 63 (Professions and Occupations (State Licensed)) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in criminal history record information, further providing for use of records by licensing agencies; providing for preliminary provisions and for Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs; consolidating the provisions of Act 48 of 1993; and making a related repeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to join the Physical Therapy Licensure Compact; and providing for the form of the compact.. Description: An Act authorizing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to join the Physical Therapy Licensure Compact; and providing for the form of the compact.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In budget and finance, establishing the Drug Recognition Expert Training Fund.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in budget and finance, establishing the Drug Recognition Expert Training Fund.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to join the Nurse Licensure Compact; and providing for the form of the compact.. Description: An Act authorizing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to join the Nurse Licensure Compact; and providing for the form of the compact.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Agricultural Business Development Center, the Agricultural Business Development Center Advisory Committee and the Agricultural Business Development Center Fund; providing for the Commonwealth Specialty Crop Block Grant Program and establishing the Commonwealth Specialty Crop Block Grant Fund; providing for agriculture and youth development; establishing the Urban Agricultural Infrastructure Grant Program; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, establishing the Agricultural Business Development Center, the Agricultural Business Development Center Advisory Committee and the Agricultural Business Development Center Fund; providing for the Commonwealth Specialty Crop Block Grant Program and establishing the Commonwealth Specialty Crop Block Grant Fund; providing for agriculture and youth development; establishing the Urban Agricultural Infrastructure Grant Program; and making a related repeal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in medical assistance hearings and appeals, further providing for definitions; in public welfare generally, providing for adoption opportunities and for family finding and kinship care; establishing the Kinship Care Program and the Subsidized Permanent Legal Custodianship Program; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 67 (Public Welfare) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in medical assistance hearings and appeals, further providing for definitions; in public welfare generally, providing for adoption opportunities and for family finding and kinship care; establishing the Kinship Care Program and the Subsidized Permanent Legal Custodianship Program; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for certification of buprenorphine office-based prescribers; limiting the use of buprenorphine; and imposing powers and duties on the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs.. Description: An Act providing for certification of buprenorphine office-based prescribers; limiting the use of buprenorphine; and imposing powers and duties on the Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of May 27, 1953 (P.L.244, No.34), entitled "An act relating to and regulating the contracts of incorporated towns and providing penalties," further providing for power to convey.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 27, 1953 (P.L.244, No.34), entitled "An act relating to and regulating the contracts of incorporated towns and providing penalties," further providing for power to convey.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In corporate powers, further providing for real property.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 1, 1933 (P.L.103, No.69), known as The Second Class Township Code, in corporate powers, further providing for real property.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In publication and effectiveness of Commonwealth documents, further providing for Joint Committee on Documents.. Description: An Act amending Title 45 (Legal Notices) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in publication and effectiveness of Commonwealth documents, further providing for Joint Committee on Documents.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In corporate powers, further providing for real property; and, in corporate powers, further providing for city property and affairs.. Description: An Act amending Titles 8 (Boroughs and Incorporated Towns) and 11 (Cities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in corporate powers, further providing for real property; and, in corporate powers, further providing for city property and affairs.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending the act of July 20, 1979 (P.L.183, No.60), known as the Oil and Gas Lease Act, providing for cross unit drilling for unconventional wells.. Description: Amending the act of July 20, 1979 (P.L.183, No.60), known as the Oil and Gas Lease Act, providing for cross unit drilling for unconventional wells.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for medical assistance payments for institutional care and for nonemergency medical transportation services and providing for uniform Statewide preferred drug list; in nursing facility assessments, further providing for definitions, for calculation, for remedies, for repayment and for time periods; in intermediate care facilities for persons with an intellectual disability assessments, further providing for definitions and for time periods; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for medical assistance payments for institutional care and for nonemergency medical transportation services and providing for uniform Statewide preferred drug list; in nursing facility assessments, further providing for definitions, for calculation, for remedies, for repayment and for time periods; in intermediate care facilities for persons with an intellectual disability assessments, further providing for definitions and for time periods; and making a related repeal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for physician assistants and for physician assistant license.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 20, 1985 (P.L.457, No.112), known as the Medical Practice Act of 1985, further providing for definitions, for physician assistants and for physician assistant license.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for physician assistants.. Description: An Act amending the act of October 5, 1978 (P.L.1109, No.261), known as the Osteopathic Medical Practice Act, further providing for physician assistants.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing the Public Higher Education Funding Commission; providing for construction and renovation of buildings by school entities; and establishing a grant program for maintenance projects.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, establishing the Public Higher Education Funding Commission; providing for construction and renovation of buildings by school entities; and establishing a grant program for maintenance projects.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing and directing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands and improvements situate in the City of Allentown and the City of Bethlehem, Lehigh County, through a competitive solicitation process; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act authorizing and directing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey certain lands and improvements situate in the City of Allentown and the City of Bethlehem, Lehigh County, through a competitive solicitation process; and making a related repeal.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In Treasury Department, further providing for investment of moneys; in oil and gas wells, further providing for Oil and Gas Lease Fund; in transportation network companies, motor carrier companies and parking authority of a city of the first class, providing for transportation network company extension; in special funds, further providing for funding, for State Workers' Insurance Board, for expiration, for definitions, for other grants and for Commonwealth indebtedness; in additional special funds, further providing for definitions, for establishment of special fund and account, for use of fund, for distributions from Pennsylvania Race Horse Development Fund, for Workers' Compensation Security Fund, for definitions, for use of funds, for amount of grant and for guidelines for applications and providing for Enhanced Revenue Collection Account, Environmental Stewardship Fund and Recycling Fund; in general budget implementation, providing for block grants and for reports to General Assembly, further providing for Department of General Services, for Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board, for Department of Human Services, for Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency, for surcharges, for Multimodal Transportation Fund, for State Gaming Fund and providing for Joint Legislative Air and Water Pollution Control and Conservation Committee; in 2018-2019 budget implementation, further providing for Department of Revenue; adding provisions relating to 2019-2020 budget implementation; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known as The Fiscal Code, in Treasury Department, further providing for investment of moneys; in oil and gas wells, further providing for Oil and Gas Lease Fund; in transportation network companies, motor carrier companies and parking authority of a city of the first class, providing for transportation network company extension; in special funds, further providing for funding, for State Workers' Insurance Board, for expiration, for definitions, for other grants and for Commonwealth indebtedness; in additional special funds, further providing for definitions, for establishment of special fund and account, for use of fund, for distributions from Pennsylvania Race Horse Development Fund, for Workers' Compensation Security Fund, for definitions, for use of funds, for amount of grant and for guidelines for applications and providing for Enhanced Revenue Collection Account, Environmental Stewardship Fund and Recycling Fund; in general budget implementation, providing for block grants and for reports to General Assembly, further providing for Department of General Services, for Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board, for Department of Human Services, for Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency, for surcharges, for Multimodal Transportation Fund, for State Gaming Fund and providing for Joint Legislative Air and Water Pollution Control and Conservation Committee; in 2018-2019 budget implementation, further providing for Department of Revenue; adding provisions relating to 2019-2020 budget implementation; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In high schools, further providing for courses of study.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in high schools, further providing for courses of study.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending Titles 24 (Education) and 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes as follows: In Title 24: for retirement for school employees, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in membership, contributions and benefits, further providing for payments by employers and providing for nonparticipating employer withdrawal liability and further providing for actuarial cost method; in School Employees' Defined Contribution Plan, further providing for vesting; in administration and miscellaneous provisions, further providing for Public School Employees Retirement Board; in administration and miscellaneous provisions, providing for the establishment of the Public Markets Emerging Investment Manager Program; and, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions. In Title 71: for retirement for State employees and officers, in preliminary provisions relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for definitions; in membership, credited service, classes of service and eligibility for benefits regarding administration of the State Employees' Retirement Fund, further providing for election to become a Class A-6 member or solely a participant in the plan and for eligibility for death benefits; and, in benefits, further providing for maximum single life annuity.. Description: An Act amending Titles 24 (Education) and 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes as follows: In Title 24: for retirement for school employees, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in membership, contributions and benefits, further providing for payments by employers and providing for nonparticipating employer withdrawal liability and further providing for actuarial cost method; in School Employees' Defined Contribution Plan, further providing for vesting; in administration and miscellaneous provisions, further providing for Public School Employees Retirement Board; in administration and miscellaneous provisions, providing for the establishment of the Public Markets Emerging Investment Manager Program; and, in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions. In Title 71: for retirement for State employees and officers, in preliminary provisions relating to retirement for State employees and officers, further providing for definitions; in membership, credited service, classes of service and eligibility for benefits regarding administration of the State Employees' Retirement Fund, further providing for election to become a Class A-6 member or solely a participant in the plan and for eligibility for death benefits; and, in benefits, further providing for maximum single life annuity.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the Pennsylvania Gaming Economic Development and Tourism Fund Capital Budget for 2019; itemizing projects to be assisted by the Department of Community and Economic Development, together with their estimated financial costs; authorizing recurring payments for certain projects; and making appropriations.. Description: An Act providing for the Pennsylvania Gaming Economic Development and Tourism Fund Capital Budget for 2019; itemizing projects to be assisted by the Department of Community and Economic Development, together with their estimated financial costs; authorizing recurring payments for certain projects; and making appropriations.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for vehicle emissions modeling by Department of Transportation and for report to General Assembly.. Description: An Act providing for vehicle emissions modeling by Department of Transportation and for report to General Assembly.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In inspection of vehicles, further providing for requirement for periodic inspection of vehicles.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in inspection of vehicles, further providing for requirement for periodic inspection of vehicles.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In inspection of vehicles, further providing for prohibition on expenditures for emission inspection program.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in inspection of vehicles, further providing for prohibition on expenditures for emission inspection program.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In inspection of vehicles, further providing for prohibition on expenditures for emission inspection program.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in inspection of vehicles, further providing for prohibition on expenditures for emission inspection program.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In inspection of vehicles, providing for date for emissions testing equipment.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in inspection of vehicles, providing for date for emissions testing equipment.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, further providing for grounds, buildings and monuments in general and providing for transfer the authority of Lieutenant Governor's Mansion; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, further providing for grounds, buildings and monuments in general and providing for transfer the authority of Lieutenant Governor's Mansion; and making a related repeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In professional employees, further providing for rating system and for persons to be suspended and providing for a revised rating system; and, in terms and courses of study, providing for pandemic of 2020.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in professional employees, further providing for rating system and for persons to be suspended and providing for a revised rating system; and, in terms and courses of study, providing for pandemic of 2020.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for unlawful acts and penalties and for unwanted telephone solicitation calls prohibited.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 4, 1996 (P.L.911, No.147), known as the Telemarketer Registration Act, further providing for definitions, for unlawful acts and penalties and for unwanted telephone solicitation calls prohibited.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for suspension of operating privilege, for the offense of driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked and for ignition interlock limited license and providing for relief from Administrative Suspension Program; in commercial drivers, further providing for definitions; and, in driving after imbibing alcohol or utilizing drugs, further providing for driving under influence of alcohol or controlled substance, for grading, for penalties, for ignition interlock, for prior offenses, for Accelerated Rehabilitative Disposition, for authorized use not a defense, for drug and alcohol assessments and for mandatory sentencing and providing for substance monitoring program.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions; in licensing of drivers, further providing for suspension of operating privilege, for the offense of driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked and for ignition interlock limited license and providing for relief from Administrative Suspension Program; in commercial drivers, further providing for definitions; and, in driving after imbibing alcohol or utilizing drugs, further providing for driving under influence of alcohol or controlled substance, for grading, for penalties, for ignition interlock, for prior offenses, for Accelerated Rehabilitative Disposition, for authorized use not a defense, for drug and alcohol assessments and for mandatory sentencing and providing for substance monitoring program.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sustainable mobility options, further providing for Public Transportation Trust Fund; and, in Pennsylvania Turnpike, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Titles 74 (Transportation) and 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sustainable mobility options, further providing for Public Transportation Trust Fund; and, in Pennsylvania Turnpike, further providing for definitions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In dates of elections and primaries and special elections, further providing for general primary and candidates to be nominated and party officers to be elected.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 3, 1937 (P.L.1333, No.320), known as the Pennsylvania Election Code, in dates of elections and primaries and special elections, further providing for general primary and candidates to be nominated and party officers to be elected.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for repair obligations, for manufacturer's duty for refund or replacement and for presumption of a reasonable number of attempts.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 28, 1984 (P.L.150, No.28), known as the Automobile Lemon Law, further providing for definitions, for repair obligations, for manufacturer's duty for refund or replacement and for presumption of a reasonable number of attempts.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In commercial drivers, further providing for requirement for commercial driver's license; and, in size, weight and load, further providing for restrictions on use of highways and bridges and for conditions of permits and security for damages.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in commercial drivers, further providing for requirement for commercial driver's license; and, in size, weight and load, further providing for restrictions on use of highways and bridges and for conditions of permits and security for damages.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In short title and definitions, further providing for definitions; in dangerous dogs, further providing for court proceedings, certificate of registration and disposition and for requirements; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 7, 1982 (P.L.784, No.225), known as the Dog Law, in short title and definitions, further providing for definitions; in dangerous dogs, further providing for court proceedings, certificate of registration and disposition and for requirements; and making an editorial change.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In boards and offices, providing for information technology; establishing the Office of Information Technology and the Information Technology Fund; providing for administrative and procurement procedures and for the Joint Cybersecurity Oversight Committee; imposing duties on the Office of Information Technology; providing for administration of Pennsylvania Statewide Radio Network and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in boards and offices, providing for information technology; establishing the Office of Information Technology and the Information Technology Fund; providing for administrative and procurement procedures and for the Joint Cybersecurity Oversight Committee; imposing duties on the Office of Information Technology; providing for administration of Pennsylvania Statewide Radio Network and imposing penalties.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Extensively revising provisions on older adults protective services relating to preliminary provisions, administration, criminal history for employees, reporting suspected abuse by employees and miscellaneous provisions; and imposing penalties.. Description: An Act amending the act of November 6, 1987 (P.L.381, No.79), known as the Older Adults Protective Services Act, extensively revising provisions on older adults protective services relating to preliminary provisions, administration, criminal history for employees, reporting suspected abuse by employees and miscellaneous provisions; and imposing penalties.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for funding of high-speed broadband service infrastructure deployment in unserved areas of this Commonwealth and for powers and duties of the Commonwealth Financing Authority; establishing the Unserved High-speed Broadband Funding Program Account; making an appropriation; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act providing for funding of high-speed broadband service infrastructure deployment in unserved areas of this Commonwealth and for powers and duties of the Commonwealth Financing Authority; establishing the Unserved High-speed Broadband Funding Program Account; making an appropriation; and making a related repeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In school health services, providing for sudden cardiac arrest and electrocardiogram testing; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in school health services, providing for sudden cardiac arrest and electrocardiogram testing; and making a repeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the Health Care Cost Containment Council, for its powers and duties, for health care cost containment through the collection and dissemination of data, for public accountability of health care costs and for health care for the indigent; providing for COVID-19 disaster emergency; in local organizations and services, further providing for general authority of political subdivisions; and, in Uniform Unsworn Foreign Declarations Act, further providing for heading of chapter, for short title of chapter, for definitions, for applicability and for form of unsworn declaration.. Description: An Act amending Titles 35 (Health and Safety) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for the Health Care Cost Containment Council, for its powers and duties, for health care cost containment through the collection and dissemination of data, for public accountability of health care costs and for health care for the indigent; providing for COVID-19 disaster emergency; in local organizations and services, further providing for general authority of political subdivisions; and, in Uniform Unsworn Foreign Declarations Act, further providing for heading of chapter, for short title of chapter, for definitions, for applicability and for form of unsworn declaration.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licensing of health care facilities, further providing for photo identification tag regulations.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 19, 1979 (P.L.130, No.48), known as the Health Care Facilities Act, in licensing of health care facilities, further providing for photo identification tag regulations.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In size, weight and load, further providing for maximum gross weight of vehicles; in liquid fuels and fuels tax, further providing for definitions and providing for electric vehicle road use fee; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in size, weight and load, further providing for maximum gross weight of vehicles; in liquid fuels and fuels tax, further providing for definitions and providing for electric vehicle road use fee; and making editorial changes.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for community engaged schools.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, providing for community engaged schools.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In hotels, further providing for definitions, for hotelkeepers, for notice to boarders to lock rooms, for lien, warrant, sale and right of redemption, for liability for property loss or damage, for special arrangements for safe deposit of valuables, for duty of guest, for other liability, for exemption from levy or sale, for baggage, for baggage sale requirements, for sale proceeds, providing for abandoned property and further providing for tourist camp heater safety.. Description: An Act amending Title 48 (Lodging and Housing) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in hotels, further providing for definitions, for hotelkeepers, for notice to boarders to lock rooms, for lien, warrant, sale and right of redemption, for liability for property loss or damage, for special arrangements for safe deposit of valuables, for duty of guest, for other liability, for exemption from levy or sale, for baggage, for baggage sale requirements, for sale proceeds, providing for abandoned property and further providing for tourist camp heater safety.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In terms and courses of study, further providing for moment of silence on September 11 anniversary and for moment of silence on December 7, Pearl Harbor Day.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in terms and courses of study, further providing for moment of silence on September 11 anniversary and for moment of silence on December 7, Pearl Harbor Day.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for purchase of agricultural conservation easements, for Agricultural Conservation Easement Purchase Fund and for Land Trust Reimbursement Program.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 30, 1981 (P.L.128, No.43), known as the Agricultural Area Security Law, further providing for purchase of agricultural conservation easements, for Agricultural Conservation Easement Purchase Fund and for Land Trust Reimbursement Program.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In medical assistance for workers with disabilities, further providing for definitions and for medical assistance benefits for workers with disabilities and workers with medically improved disabilities.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 26, 2001 (P.L.755, No.77), known as the Tobacco Settlement Act, in medical assistance for workers with disabilities, further providing for definitions and for medical assistance benefits for workers with disabilities and workers with medically improved disabilities.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In district attorney, assistants and detectives, further providing for filling of vacancies.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code, in district attorney, assistants and detectives, further providing for filling of vacancies.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the capital budget for fiscal year 2019-2020; itemizing public improvement projects, furniture and equipment projects, transportation assistance, redevelopment assistance projects, flood control projects, Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission projects and Manufacturing Fund projects leased or assisted by the Department of General Services and other State agencies, together with their estimated financial costs; authorizing the incurring of debt without the approval of the electors for the purpose of financing the projects to be constructed, acquired or assisted by the Department of General Services and other State agencies; authorizing the use of current revenue for the purpose of financing the projects to be constructed, acquired or assisted of by the Department of General Services and other State agencies stating the estimated useful life of the projects; restricting use of funds on certain projects; and making appropriations and a repeal of a redevelopment assistance project in a prior act itemizing capital projects.. Description: An Act providing for the capital budget for fiscal year 2019-2020; itemizing public improvement projects, furniture and equipment projects, transportation assistance, redevelopment assistance projects, flood control projects, Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission projects and Manufacturing Fund projects leased or assisted by the Department of General Services and other State agencies, together with their estimated financial costs; authorizing the incurring of debt without the approval of the electors for the purpose of financing the projects to be constructed, acquired or assisted by the Department of General Services and other State agencies; authorizing the use of current revenue for the purpose of financing the projects to be constructed, acquired or assisted of by the Department of General Services and other State agencies stating the estimated useful life of the projects; restricting use of funds on certain projects; and making appropriations and a repeal of a redevelopment assistance project in a prior act itemizing capital projects.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, further providing for scope of subchapter, for legislative findings and declaration of purpose, for definitions, for assistance to volunteer fire companies, ambulance service and rescue squads, for Volunteer Companies Loan Fund, for powers and duties of office, for disposition and use of proceeds, for Volunteer Company Loan Sinking Fund and investments, for repayment obligations for principal and interest, for temporary financing authorization, for authorization of contracts, reimbursement procedure and amount and for reimbursement procedure and amount, providing for referendum to expand loan assistance and for annual report and distribution of information and further providing for Pennsylvania Volunteer Loan Assistance Program; in volunteer firefighters, further providing for definitions, for statement of purpose, for funds and for audits and providing for fire relief formula study; in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for special provisions; and making an editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, further providing for scope of subchapter, for legislative findings and declaration of purpose, for definitions, for assistance to volunteer fire companies, ambulance service and rescue squads, for Volunteer Companies Loan Fund, for powers and duties of office, for disposition and use of proceeds, for Volunteer Company Loan Sinking Fund and investments, for repayment obligations for principal and interest, for temporary financing authorization, for authorization of contracts, reimbursement procedure and amount and for reimbursement procedure and amount, providing for referendum to expand loan assistance and for annual report and distribution of information and further providing for Pennsylvania Volunteer Loan Assistance Program; in volunteer firefighters, further providing for definitions, for statement of purpose, for funds and for audits and providing for fire relief formula study; in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for special provisions; and making an editorial changes.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for definitions, for establishment, for publication and notice, for award of grants, for consolidation incentive, for establishment, for publication and notice and for award of grants, providing for consolidation incentive, further providing for Fire Company Grant Program, for Emergency Medical Services Company Grant Program, for additional funding, for allocation of appropriated funds and for expiration of authority and providing for annual reports.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, further providing for definitions, for establishment, for publication and notice, for award of grants, for consolidation incentive, for establishment, for publication and notice and for award of grants, providing for consolidation incentive, further providing for Fire Company Grant Program, for Emergency Medical Services Company Grant Program, for additional funding, for allocation of appropriated funds and for expiration of authority and providing for annual reports.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Repealing provisions relating to fertilizer; providing for fertilizer; in soil and plant amendment, further providing for disposition of funds; in seed, further providing for disposition of funds; establishing the Agronomic Regulatory Account within the General Fund; imposing duties on the Department of Agriculture; and making conforming amendments.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, repealing provisions relating to fertilizer; providing for fertilizer; in soil and plant amendment, further providing for disposition of funds; in seed, further providing for disposition of funds; establishing the Agronomic Regulatory Account within the General Fund; imposing duties on the Department of Agriculture; and making conforming amendments.
In 2019, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the use of certain class B firefighting foams under certain circumstances; and imposing powers and duties on the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency and the State Fire Commissioner.. Description: An Act prohibiting the use of certain class B firefighting foams under certain circumstances; and imposing powers and duties on the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency and the State Fire Commissioner.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licensing of drivers, further providing for issuance and content of driver's license.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in licensing of drivers, further providing for issuance and content of driver's license.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for fireworks; in volunteer firefighters, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, providing for fireworks; in volunteer firefighters, further providing for definitions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In departmental powers and duties as to licensing, further providing for right to enter and inspect.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in departmental powers and duties as to licensing, further providing for right to enter and inspect.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for standards for Class VI buildings.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 27, 1927 (P.L.465, No.299), referred to as the Fire and Panic Act, further providing for standards for Class VI buildings.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for filing and recording by municipalities of condemnation orders and for statements of vacated condemnation orders.. Description: An Act providing for filing and recording by municipalities of condemnation orders and for statements of vacated condemnation orders.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In veterans' preference, repealing provisions relating to soldier defined, providing for purpose and for definitions, repealing provisions relating to credits in civil service examinations, further providing for additional points in grading civil service examinations, for preference in appointment or promotion, for lack of training, age or physical impairment, for preferential rating provision in public works specifications, for computation of seniority for reduction in force, for preference of spouses and for law exclusive and providing for reporting requirement and for guidelines; and, in voluntary veterans' preference in private employment, further providing for definitions and for eligibility for preference.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in veterans' preference, repealing provisions relating to soldier defined, providing for purpose and for definitions, repealing provisions relating to credits in civil service examinations, further providing for additional points in grading civil service examinations, for preference in appointment or promotion, for lack of training, age or physical impairment, for preferential rating provision in public works specifications, for computation of seniority for reduction in force, for preference of spouses and for law exclusive and providing for reporting requirement and for guidelines; and, in voluntary veterans' preference in private employment, further providing for definitions and for eligibility for preference.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In veteran-owned small businesses, providing for miscellaneous provisions; imposing a penalty; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in veteran-owned small businesses, providing for miscellaneous provisions; imposing a penalty; and making an editorial change.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In public assistance, further providing for medical assistance payments for institutional care.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 13, 1967 (P.L.31, No.21), known as the Human Services Code, in public assistance, further providing for medical assistance payments for institutional care.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In judicial boards and commissions, further providing for definitions and for publication of guidelines for sentencing, resentencing and parole, risk assessment instrument and recommitment ranges following revocation; in depositions and witnesses, further providing for confidential communications involving law enforcement officers and for confidential communications to peer support members; in juvenile matters, further providing for inspection of court files and records; in particular rights and immunities, further providing for immunity of State parole officers and for immunity of program administrators and supervisors; in post-trial matters, further providing for postconviction DNA testing; in sentencing, further providing for mandatory period of probation for certain sexual offenders, for disposition of persons found guilty but mentally ill, for information required upon commitment and subsequent disposition, for judicial power to release inmates, for transfer of inmates in need of medical treatment, for applicability, for registry, for initial registration, for duty to inform, for enforcement, for assessments, for verification by sexual offenders and Pennsylvania State Police, for administration, for global positioning system technology, for immunity for good faith conduct, for Pennsylvania State Police, for duties of probation and parole officials, for board, for annual performance audit, for applicability, for registration, for registration procedures and applicability, for assessments, for administration, for global positioning system technology, for immunity for good faith conduct, for duties of Pennsylvania State Police, for duties of Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, for board and for annual performance audit; in other criminal provisions, further providing for supervisory relationship to offenders; in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in general administration, providing for powers of peace officers; in community corrections centers and community corrections facilities, further providing for definitions, for department, for offenders who may be housed, for authority of Commonwealth employees, for authority of chairman and for escape and providing for certain offenders residing in group-based homes and for reporting; in Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for definitions, for operation of parole system generally, for Pennsylvania Parole Board, for board chairperson, for board action, for meetings and for offices, repealing provisions relating to district directors, to district office employees, to disciplinary action and to certain offenders residing in group-based homes, further providing for general powers of board and for specific powers of board involving parolees, repealing provisions relating to probation services, further providing for sentencing court to transmit records to board, for general criteria for parole by court, for right of access to inmates, for parole power, for violation of terms of parole, for parole procedure, for victim statements, testimony and participation in hearing, for general rules and special regulations and for early parole of inmates subject to Federal removal order and repealing provisions relating to definitions, to status as peace officers and to supervisory relationship to offenders; providing for supervision of offenders and for agents; in county probation officers' firearm education and training, further providing for definitions; in Interstate Compacts, further providing for Interstate Compact for the Supervision of Adult Offenders application fee, for deputization and for supervision of persons paroled by other states; providing for Board of Pardons; conferring powers and imposing duties on the Department of Corrections; providing for the transfer of functions, powers and duties of the Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole and for appropriations for the Office of Victim Advocate; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 61 (Prisons and Parole) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in judicial boards and commissions, further providing for definitions and for publication of guidelines for sentencing, resentencing and parole, risk assessment instrument and recommitment ranges following revocation; in depositions and witnesses, further providing for confidential communications involving law enforcement officers and for confidential communications to peer support members; in juvenile matters, further providing for inspection of court files and records; in particular rights and immunities, further providing for immunity of State parole officers and for immunity of program administrators and supervisors; in post-trial matters, further providing for postconviction DNA testing; in sentencing, further providing for mandatory period of probation for certain sexual offenders, for disposition of persons found guilty but mentally ill, for information required upon commitment and subsequent disposition, for judicial power to release inmates, for transfer of inmates in need of medical treatment, for applicability, for registry, for initial registration, for duty to inform, for enforcement, for assessments, for verification by sexual offenders and Pennsylvania State Police, for administration, for global positioning system technology, for immunity for good faith conduct, for Pennsylvania State Police, for duties of probation and parole officials, for board, for annual performance audit, for applicability, for registration, for registration procedures and applicability, for assessments, for administration, for global positioning system technology, for immunity for good faith conduct, for duties of Pennsylvania State Police, for duties of Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, for board and for annual performance audit; in other criminal provisions, further providing for supervisory relationship to offenders; in preliminary provisions, further providing for definitions; in general administration, providing for powers of peace officers; in community corrections centers and community corrections facilities, further providing for definitions, for department, for offenders who may be housed, for authority of Commonwealth employees, for authority of chairman and for escape and providing for certain offenders residing in group-based homes and for reporting; in Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole, further providing for definitions, for operation of parole system generally, for Pennsylvania Parole Board, for board chairperson, for board action, for meetings and for offices, repealing provisions relating to district directors, to district office employees, to disciplinary action and to certain offenders residing in group-based homes, further providing for general powers of board and for specific powers of board involving parolees, repealing provisions relating to probation services, further providing for sentencing court to transmit records to board, for general criteria for parole by court, for right of access to inmates, for parole power, for violation of terms of parole, for parole procedure, for victim statements, testimony and participation in hearing, for general rules and special regulations and for early parole of inmates subject to Federal removal order and repealing provisions relating to definitions, to status as peace officers and to supervisory relationship to offenders; providing for supervision of offenders and for agents; in county probation officers' firearm education and training, further providing for definitions; in Interstate Compacts, further providing for Interstate Compact for the Supervision of Adult Offenders application fee, for deputization and for supervision of persons paroled by other states; providing for Board of Pardons; conferring powers and imposing duties on the Department of Corrections; providing for the transfer of functions, powers and duties of the Pennsylvania Board of Probation and Parole and for appropriations for the Office of Victim Advocate; making related repeals; and making editorial changes.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In jurisdiction of appellate courts, providing for commerce court program; and, in organization and jurisdiction of courts of common pleas, further providing for problem-solving courts and providing for commerce courts.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in jurisdiction of appellate courts, providing for commerce court program; and, in organization and jurisdiction of courts of common pleas, further providing for problem-solving courts and providing for commerce courts.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for Newborn Child Screening and Follow-up Program; and providing for mandated screening and follow-up.. Description: An Act amending the act of September 9, 1965 (P.L.497, No.251), known as the Newborn Child Testing Act, further providing for definitions and for Newborn Child Screening and Follow-up Program; and providing for mandated screening and follow-up.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Commonwealth services, further providing for definitions and for State Fire Commissioner, providing for curriculum and training, further providing for Pennsylvania State Fire Academy and for Fire Safety Advisory Committee.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Commonwealth services, further providing for definitions and for State Fire Commissioner, providing for curriculum and training, further providing for Pennsylvania State Fire Academy and for Fire Safety Advisory Committee.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In membership, credited service, classes of service and eligibility for benefits, providing for election to purchase nonintervening military service; and, in administration, funds, accounts and general provisions, further providing for construction of part.. Description: An Act amending Title 71 (State Government) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in membership, credited service, classes of service and eligibility for benefits, providing for election to purchase nonintervening military service; and, in administration, funds, accounts and general provisions, further providing for construction of part.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for official plans.. Description: An Act amending the act of January 24, 1966 (1965 P.L.1535, No.537), known as the Pennsylvania Sewage Facilities Act, further providing for official plans.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In organization and jurisdiction of courts of common pleas, further providing for courts of common pleas.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in organization and jurisdiction of courts of common pleas, further providing for courts of common pleas.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Consolidating the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code; and making a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 16 (Counties) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, consolidating the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code; and making a related repeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for county demolition funds.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 8, 1982 (P.L.310, No.87), referred to as the Recorder of Deeds Fee Law, further providing for county demolition funds.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In minors, further providing for the offense of sexual abuse of children; in child protective services, providing for task force on child pornography; and, in sentencing, further providing for sentencing for offenses involving sexual abuse of children.. Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses), 23 (Domestic Relations) and 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in minors, further providing for the offense of sexual abuse of children; in child protective services, providing for task force on child pornography; and, in sentencing, further providing for sentencing for offenses involving sexual abuse of children.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In military leave of absence, further providing for military family relief assistance.. Description: An Act amending Title 51 (Military Affairs) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in military leave of absence, further providing for military family relief assistance.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In Uniform Unsworn Foreign Declarations Act, further providing for heading of chapter, for short title of chapter, for definitions, for applicability and for form of unsworn declaration, and, in revised uniform law on notarial acts, further providing for authority to perform notarial act, providing for notarial act performed by remotely located individual and further providing for notification regarding performance of notarial act on electronic record and selection of technology.. Description: An Act amending Titles 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 57 (Notaries Public) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in Uniform Unsworn Foreign Declarations Act, further providing for heading of chapter, for short title of chapter, for definitions, for applicability and for form of unsworn declaration, and, in revised uniform law on notarial acts, further providing for authority to perform notarial act, providing for notarial act performed by remotely located individual and further providing for notification regarding performance of notarial act on electronic record and selection of technology.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of June 28, 2019 (P.L.839, No. 1A), known as the General Appropriation Act of 2019, adding Federal appropriations to the Executive Department of the Commonwealth for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020.. Description: A Supplement to the act of June 28, 2019 (P.L.839, No. 1A), known as the General Appropriation Act of 2019, adding Federal appropriations to the Executive Department of the Commonwealth for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions, for reports and for confidentiality of reports and records; and providing for confidentiality provisions during disaster emergency.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 23, 1956 (1955 P.L.1510, No.500), known at the Disease Prevention and Control Law of 1955, further providing for definitions, for reports and for confidentiality of reports and records; and providing for confidentiality provisions during disaster emergency.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In alternative form of regulation of telecommunications services, further providing for additional powers and duties of commission.. Description: An Act amending Title 66 (Public Utilities) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in alternative form of regulation of telecommunications services, further providing for additional powers and duties of commission.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In limitation of time, providing for declaration of judicial emergencies.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in limitation of time, providing for declaration of judicial emergencies.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In sentencing, further providing for payment of court costs, restitution and fines.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in sentencing, further providing for payment of court costs, restitution and fines.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In volunteer firefighters, further providing for funds; and, in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, providing for COVID-19 Crisis Fire Company and Emergency Medical Services Grant Program.. Description: An Act amending Title 35 (Health and Safety) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in volunteer firefighters, further providing for funds; and, in grants to fire companies and emergency medical services companies, providing for COVID-19 Crisis Fire Company and Emergency Medical Services Grant Program.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Further providing for application of act and for discounts, penalties and notice.. Description: An Act amending the act of May 25, 1945 (P.L.1050, No.394), known as the Local Tax Collection Law, further providing for application of act and for discounts, penalties and notice.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In licensing of drivers, providing for declaration of judicial emergencies.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in licensing of drivers, providing for declaration of judicial emergencies.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for definitions and for control measures.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 23, 1956 (1955 P.L.1510, No.500), known as the Disease Prevention and Control Law of 1955, further providing for definitions and for control measures.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: A Joint Resolution proposing separate and distinct amendments to the Constitution of Pennsylvania, in declaration of rights, providing for prohibition against denial or abridgment of equality of rights because of race and ethnicity; in legislation, further providing for action on concurrent orders and resolutions; and, in the executive, providing for disaster emergency declaration and management.. Description: A Joint Resolution proposing separate and distinct amendments to the Constitution of Pennsylvania, in declaration of rights, providing for prohibition against denial or abridgment of equality of rights because of race and ethnicity; in legislation, further providing for action on concurrent orders and resolutions; and, in the executive, providing for disaster emergency declaration and management.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In depositions and witnesses, further providing for expert testimony in certain criminal proceedings.. Description: An Act amending Title 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in depositions and witnesses, further providing for expert testimony in certain criminal proceedings.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for advice to department.. Description: An Act amending the act of January 8, 1960 (1959 P.L.2119, No.787), known as the Air Pollution Control Act, further providing for advice to department.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Further providing for advisory committee; and providing for COVID-19 Emergency Agricultural Fair Grants.. Description: An Act amending the act of July 8, 1986 (P.L.437, No.92), known as the Pennsylvania Agricultural Fair Act, further providing for advisory committee; and providing for COVID-19 Emergency Agricultural Fair Grants.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In local taxes, further providing for delegation of taxing powers and restrictions thereon and for tax limitations.. Description: An Act amending the act of December 31, 1965 (P.L.1257, No.511), known as The Local Tax Enabling Act, in local taxes, further providing for delegation of taxing powers and restrictions thereon and for tax limitations.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Human Services and the Governor, to grant and convey to Bollinger Enterprises, Inc., certain lands situate in Conewango Township, Warren County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Human Services and the Governor, to grant and convey to Bollinger Enterprises, Inc., certain lands situate in Conewango Township, Warren County.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In other officers, codifying provisions relating to sheriffs and deputy sheriffs; further providing for sheriff training requirement and for Sheriff and Deputy Sheriff Education and Training Account; and making editorial changes and a related repeal.. Description: An Act amending Title 44 (Law and Justice) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in other officers, codifying provisions relating to sheriffs and deputy sheriffs; further providing for sheriff training requirement and for Sheriff and Deputy Sheriff Education and Training Account; and making editorial changes and a related repeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions relating to insurance companies,. Description: An Act amending the act of May 17, 1921 (P.L.682, No.284), known as The Insurance Company Law of 1921, in general provisions relating to insurance companies,
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In general provisions, further providing for definitions and providing for personal delivery devices; and making editorial changes.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in general provisions, further providing for definitions and providing for personal delivery devices; and making editorial changes.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In employees, providing for use of force and deadly force model policy for law enforcement agencies.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in employees, providing for use of force and deadly force model policy for law enforcement agencies.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Corrections and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Schuylkill County Municipal Authority an easement from lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Correctional Institution Mahanoy situate in Mahanoy Township, County of Schuylkill, for the purpose of establishing, utilizing, and maintaining water wells and appurtenances thereto related to potable water production and distribution for the benefit of customers within the authority's service territory; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Allegheny Township, Blair County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Allegheny Township, Blair County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Department of Environmental Protection, to take such action with respect to the Commonwealth's real property interests in the site commonly known as Penn's Landing to facilitate the further development plans for the real property; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, to grant and convey to the Highlands Historical Society, certain lands situate in Whitemarsh Township, Montgomery County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Human Services and the Governor, to grant and convey to Bollinger Enterprises, Inc., certain lands situate in Conewango Township, Warren County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the concurrence of the Department of Environmental Protection, to lease to L-A Battery, QOZ, LLC land within the bed of the Delaware River within the City of Philadelphia; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Transportation and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Washington Health System, or its assignee, certain lands and improvements situate partially in the 6th Ward of the City of Washington and partially in South Strabane Township, Washington County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Harry E. Frey, Jr., and Jeffrey L. Frey, a permanent easement over certain lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at Muncy State Correctional Institution situate in Clinton Township, Lycoming County, for the purpose of ingress and egress to lands which Harry E. Frey, Jr., and Jeffrey L. Frey propose to acquire from Harold James Carpenter and Carlene M. Carpenter; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the Borough of West Pittston, Luzerne County; authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain lands owned by Glen Rock Borough, York County, in return for the development of park and open space lands owned by Glen Rock Borough, York County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Human Services, Inc., certain lands and improvements situate in the Borough of West Chester, Chester County; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Corrections and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Schuylkill County Municipal Authority an easement from lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at the State Correctional Institution Mahanoy situate in Mahanoy Township, County of Schuylkill, for the purpose of establishing, utilizing, and maintaining water wells and appurtenances thereto related to potable water production and distribution for the benefit of customers within the authority's service territory; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Allegheny Township, Blair County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in Allegheny Township, Blair County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Department of Environmental Protection, to take such action with respect to the Commonwealth's real property interests in the site commonly known as Penn's Landing to facilitate the further development plans for the real property; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor and the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, to grant and convey to the Highlands Historical Society, certain lands situate in Whitemarsh Township, Montgomery County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Human Services and the Governor, to grant and convey to Bollinger Enterprises, Inc., certain lands situate in Conewango Township, Warren County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the concurrence of the Department of Environmental Protection, to lease to L-A Battery, QOZ, LLC land within the bed of the Delaware River within the City of Philadelphia; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Transportation and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Washington Health System, or its assignee, certain lands and improvements situate partially in the 6th Ward of the City of Washington and partially in South Strabane Township, Washington County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Harry E. Frey, Jr., and Jeffrey L. Frey, a permanent easement over certain lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at Muncy State Correctional Institution situate in Clinton Township, Lycoming County, for the purpose of ingress and egress to lands which Harry E. Frey, Jr., and Jeffrey L. Frey propose to acquire from Harold James Carpenter and Carlene M. Carpenter; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings and improvements situate in the Borough of West Pittston, Luzerne County; authorizing the release of Project 70 restrictions on certain lands owned by Glen Rock Borough, York County, in return for the development of park and open space lands owned by Glen Rock Borough, York County; authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Human Services, Inc., certain lands and improvements situate in the Borough of West Chester, Chester County; and making a repeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In preliminary provisions, further providing for Keystone Exams and graduation requirements, for special provisions applicable to the Keystone Exams, graduation requirements and alternative competency assessment and for Special Education Funding Commission; in certification of teachers, further providing for instructional certificate grade spans and age levels and duties of department and providing for special provisions applicable to 2020-2021 school year; in pupils and attendance, providing for nonpublic school transportation for 2020-2021 school year; in terms and courses of study, further providing for pandemic of 2020; and, in educational tax credits, further providing for limitations.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in preliminary provisions, further providing for Keystone Exams and graduation requirements, for special provisions applicable to the Keystone Exams, graduation requirements and alternative competency assessment and for Special Education Funding Commission; in certification of teachers, further providing for instructional certificate grade spans and age levels and duties of department and providing for special provisions applicable to 2020-2021 school year; in pupils and attendance, providing for nonpublic school transportation for 2020-2021 school year; in terms and courses of study, further providing for pandemic of 2020; and, in educational tax credits, further providing for limitations.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the concurrence of the Department of Environmental Protection, to lease to L-A Battery, QOZ, LLC land within the bed of the Delaware River within the City of Philadelphia.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the concurrence of the Department of Environmental Protection, to lease to L-A Battery, QOZ, LLC land within the bed of the Delaware River within the City of Philadelphia.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, providing for report of State facilities owned or leased.. Description: An Act amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.177, No.175), known as The Administrative Code of 1929, in powers and duties of the Department of General Services and its departmental administrative and advisory boards and commissions, providing for report of State facilities owned or leased.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In employees, providing for medals honoring law enforcement officers.. Description: An Act amending Title 53 (Municipalities Generally) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in employees, providing for medals honoring law enforcement officers.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In intermediate units, providing for Retired Volunteer Educator Tutor Programs.. Description: An Act amending the act of March 10, 1949 (P.L.30, No.14), known as the Public School Code of 1949, in intermediate units, providing for Retired Volunteer Educator Tutor Programs.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for findings; further providing for definitions; providing for certification of COVID-19 temporary nurse aides; and making an editorial change.. Description: An Act amending the act of June 9, 1997 (P.L.169, No.14), known as the Nurse Aide Resident Abuse Prevention Training Act, providing for findings; further providing for definitions; providing for certification of COVID-19 temporary nurse aides; and making an editorial change.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Providing for essential family caregivers in facilities during disaster emergencies.. Description: An Act providing for essential family caregivers in facilities during disaster emergencies.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Transportation and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Washington Health System, or its assignee, certain lands and improvements situate partially in the 6th Ward of the City of Washington and partially in South Strabane Township, Washington County; and making a repeal.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Transportation and the Governor, to grant and convey to the Washington Health System, or its assignee, certain lands and improvements situate partially in the 6th Ward of the City of Washington and partially in South Strabane Township, Washington County; and making a repeal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: In licensing of drivers, further providing for schedule of convictions and points; in rules of the road in general, further providing for duty of driver in emergency response areas; and, in offenses in general, further providing for the offenses of homicide by vehicle and of aggravated assault by vehicle.. Description: An Act amending Title 75 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in licensing of drivers, further providing for schedule of convictions and points; in rules of the road in general, further providing for duty of driver in emergency response areas; and, in offenses in general, further providing for the offenses of homicide by vehicle and of aggravated assault by vehicle.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In contracts, further providing for certain contract provisions prohibited.. Description: An Act amending the act of August 9, 1955 (P.L.323, No.130), known as The County Code, in contracts, further providing for certain contract provisions prohibited.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of Transportation, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to High Properties, LP, a certain tract of unimproved land situate in Manheim Township, Lancaster County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of Transportation, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to High Properties, LP, a certain tract of unimproved land situate in Manheim Township, Lancaster County.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: In food protection, providing for milk sell by date and best by date labeling.. Description: An Act amending Title 3 (Agriculture) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in food protection, providing for milk sell by date and best by date labeling.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Harry E. Frey, Jr. and Jeffrey L. Frey, a permanent easement over certain lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at Muncy State Correctional Institution situate in Clinton Township, Lycoming County, for the purpose of ingress and egress to lands which Harry E. Frey, Jr. and Jeffrey L. Frey propose to acquire from Harold James Carpenter and Carlene M. Carpenter.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Governor, to grant and convey to Harry E. Frey, Jr. and Jeffrey L. Frey, a permanent easement over certain lands of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania at Muncy State Correctional Institution situate in Clinton Township, Lycoming County, for the purpose of ingress and egress to lands which Harry E. Frey, Jr. and Jeffrey L. Frey propose to acquire from Harold James Carpenter and Carlene M. Carpenter.
In 2020, Pennsylvania engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings, and improvements situate in the Borough of West Pittston, Luzerne County.. Description: An Act authorizing the Department of General Services, with the approval of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and the Governor, to grant and convey, at a price to be determined through a competitive bid process, certain lands, buildings, and improvements situate in the Borough of West Pittston, Luzerne County.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Supplement to the act of May 29, 2020 (P.L. , No.1A), entitled "An act to provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019," further providing for additional appropriations and replacement of appropriations from the General Fund and other funds and accounts for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.. Description: A Supplement to the act of May 29, 2020 (P.L. , No.1A), entitled "An act to provide appropriations from the General Fund for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments of the Commonwealth, the public debt and the public schools for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020; to provide appropriations from special funds and accounts to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020; to provide for the appropriation of Federal funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020; and to provide for the additional appropriation of Federal and State funds to the Executive and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019," further providing for additional appropriations and replacement of appropriations from the General Fund and other funds and accounts for the expenses of the Executive, Legislative and Judicial Departments for the fiscal year July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, and for the payment of bills incurred and remaining unpaid at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting permanent rules for the House of Representatives, further providing for members' and employees' expenses, for order of business, for general appropriation bill and non-preferred bills, for consideration of bills, for third consideration and final passage bills, for bills amended by the Senate, for House and concurrent resolutions, for standing committees and subcommittees, for organization of standing committees and subcommittees and for powers and duties of standing committees and subcommittees; providing for Government Oversight Committee; further providing for status of members indicted or convicted of a crime, for members required to be present and vote, for financial interests in gaming entities, for suspending and changing rules, for Ethical Conduct Rules definitions and for conduct; providing for professional conduct; and further providing for Committee on Ethics.. Description: A Resolution adopting permanent rules for the House of Representatives, further providing for members' and employees' expenses, for order of business, for general appropriation bill and non-preferred bills, for consideration of bills, for third consideration and final passage bills, for bills amended by the Senate, for House and concurrent resolutions, for standing committees and subcommittees, for organization of standing committees and subcommittees and for powers and duties of standing committees and subcommittees; providing for Government Oversight Committee; further providing for status of members indicted or convicted of a crime, for members required to be present and vote, for financial interests in gaming entities, for suspending and changing rules, for Ethical Conduct Rules definitions and for conduct; providing for professional conduct; and further providing for Committee on Ethics.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Amending a temporary Rule of the House of Representatives, adopted March 16, 2020, relating to mass communication; and adopting a temporary Rule of the House of Representatives relating to members' and employees' expenses.. Description: A Resolution amending a temporary Rule of the House of Representatives, adopted March 16, 2020, relating to mass communication; and adopting a temporary Rule of the House of Representatives relating to members' and employees' expenses.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the adoption of a temporary rule relating to the consideration of a resolution providing for the Rules of the House of Representatives.. Description: A Resolution providing for the adoption of a temporary rule relating to the consideration of a resolution providing for the Rules of the House of Representatives.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Providing for the appointment of members to the Standing Committees of the House of Representatives.. Description: A Resolution providing for the appointment of members to the Standing Committees of the House of Representatives.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and extending condolences on the passing of President George Herbert Walker Bush, 41st President of the United States.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and extending condolences on the passing of President George Herbert Walker Bush, 41st President of the United States.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of January 2019 as "Radon Action Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of January 2019 as "Radon Action Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Observing February 12, 2019, as the 210th anniversary of the birth of Abraham Lincoln, the 16th President of the United States.. Description: A Resolution observing February 12, 2019, as the 210th anniversary of the birth of Abraham Lincoln, the 16th President of the United States.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating June 6, 2019, as "D-Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution commemorating June 6, 2019, as "D-Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of January 2019 as "National Human Trafficking Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of January 2019 as "National Human Trafficking Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing January 17, 2019, as the birthday of Benjamin Franklin.. Description: A Resolution recognizing January 17, 2019, as the birthday of Benjamin Franklin.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating January 23, 2019, as "Maternal Health Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania to recognize all the women who die from complications of pregnancy or childbirth.. Description: A Resolution designating January 23, 2019, as "Maternal Health Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania to recognize all the women who die from complications of pregnancy or childbirth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 7, 2019, as "National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 7, 2019, as "National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of January 2019 as "School Director Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of January 2019 as "School Director Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 20 through 26, 2019, as "Nurse Anesthetists Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 20 through 26, 2019, as "Nurse Anesthetists Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and recognizing the week of January 20 through 26, 2019, as "Martin Luther King, Jr., Week of Remembrance" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and recognizing the week of January 20 through 26, 2019, as "Martin Luther King, Jr., Week of Remembrance" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 1, 2019, as "Saint David's Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 1, 2019, as "Saint David's Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "National Library Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "National Library Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Junior Achievement Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Junior Achievement Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of January 2019 as "National Mentoring Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of January 2019 as "National Mentoring Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 20 through 26, 2019, as "Healthy Weight Week" and designating January 24, 2019, as "Women's Healthy Weight Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 20 through 26, 2019, as "Healthy Weight Week" and designating January 24, 2019, as "Women's Healthy Weight Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of January 28 through February 1, 2019, as "Tax Identity Theft Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of January 28 through February 1, 2019, as "Tax Identity Theft Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Lyme and Tick-borne Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Lyme and Tick-borne Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Blue Lights Campaign and its efforts to raise awareness of colorectal cancer in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the Blue Lights Campaign and its efforts to raise awareness of colorectal cancer in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating January 26, 2019, as "Kawasaki Disease Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating January 26, 2019, as "Kawasaki Disease Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 2, 2019, as "Rheumatoid Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 2, 2019, as "Rheumatoid Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of February 16 through 23, 2019, as "FFA Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of February 16 through 23, 2019, as "FFA Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 27 through February 2, 2019, as "Catholic Schools Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 27 through February 2, 2019, as "Catholic Schools Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of January 2019 as "Financial Aid Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and commending the work of the Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency and the Pennsylvania Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of January 2019 as "Financial Aid Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and commending the work of the Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency and the Pennsylvania Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing January 27, 2019, as "International Holocaust Remembrance Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing January 27, 2019, as "International Holocaust Remembrance Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of February 2019 as "National Senior Independence Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of February 2019 as "National Senior Independence Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of February 10 through 16, 2019, as "Random Acts of Kindness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of February 10 through 16, 2019, as "Random Acts of Kindness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Military Service Opportunity Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Military Service Opportunity Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution urging the President and Congress of the United States to take immediate action to preserve the underwater graves of servicepersons who died defending this nation.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution urging the President and Congress of the United States to take immediate action to preserve the underwater graves of servicepersons who died defending this nation.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 4, 2019, as "National Thank a Mail Carrier Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 4, 2019, as "National Thank a Mail Carrier Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 22, 2019, as "Keith Valley Challenge Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 22, 2019, as "Keith Valley Challenge Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 1, 2019, as "National Wear Red Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 1, 2019, as "National Wear Red Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 27 through February 2, 2019, as "Physician Anesthesiologist Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 27 through February 2, 2019, as "Physician Anesthesiologist Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of February 7 through 14, 2019, as "Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of February 7 through 14, 2019, as "Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of February 11 through 17, 2019, as "Court Reporting and Captioning Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of February 11 through 17, 2019, as "Court Reporting and Captioning Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of February 3 through 9, 2019, as "National Future Business Leaders of America-Phi Beta Lambda Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of February 3 through 9, 2019, as "National Future Business Leaders of America-Phi Beta Lambda Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 16, 2019, as "Lithuanian Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 16, 2019, as "Lithuanian Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of February 2019 as "Esports Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of February 2019 as "Esports Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of February 10 through 16, 2019, as "Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of February 10 through 16, 2019, as "Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 11, 2019, as "PA 2-1-1 Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 11, 2019, as "PA 2-1-1 Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Nutrition Month" in Pennsylvania as sponsored by the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Nutrition Month" in Pennsylvania as sponsored by the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 13, 2019, as "Registered Dietitian Nutritionist Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 13, 2019, as "Registered Dietitian Nutritionist Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 13, 2019, as "K9 Veterans and Services Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 13, 2019, as "K9 Veterans and Services Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing June 11, 2019, as "Architects Action Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing June 11, 2019, as "Architects Action Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 26, 2019, as "World Spay Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 26, 2019, as "World Spay Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of March 11 through 17, 2019, as "Maple Producers Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of March 11 through 17, 2019, as "Maple Producers Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of February 2019 as "Teen Dating Violence Awareness and Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of February 2019 as "Teen Dating Violence Awareness and Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the immense value of robotics and STEM education; and applauding the efforts of Cumberland County's FIRST Tech Challenge team, The Javengers, for their outreach to the underserved community to advance interest in robotics and STEM education.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the immense value of robotics and STEM education; and applauding the efforts of Cumberland County's FIRST Tech Challenge team, The Javengers, for their outreach to the underserved community to advance interest in robotics and STEM education.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of February 2019 as "Career and Technical Education Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of February 2019 as "Career and Technical Education Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 6, 2019, as "Black Balloon Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing March 6, 2019, as "Black Balloon Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of February 2019 as "Black History Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of February 2019 as "Black History Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of March 10 through 16, 2019, as "Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of March 10 through 16, 2019, as "Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 10, 2019, as "Charter Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 10, 2019, as "Charter Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Extending condolences and celebrating the life of Harris Wofford.. Description: A Resolution extending condolences and celebrating the life of Harris Wofford.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring Wilson College as it celebrates the 150th anniversary of its founding.. Description: A Resolution honoring Wilson College as it celebrates the 150th anniversary of its founding.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 2, 2019, as "Read Across America Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing March 2, 2019, as "Read Across America Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Ancient Order of Hibernians Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Ancient Order of Hibernians Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Music in Our Schools Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Music in Our Schools Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Athletic Training Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Athletic Training Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Strongly urging the Congress of the United States to retain certain consumer protections if the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is ruled unconstitutional.. Description: A Resolution strongly urging the Congress of the United States to retain certain consumer protections if the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is ruled unconstitutional.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of March 18 through 22, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Ag Literacy Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of March 18 through 22, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Ag Literacy Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Secretary of Revenue and the Governor to commence negotiations with the State of New York's Governor and Commissioner of the Department of Taxation and Finance to effectuate an income tax reciprocity agreement between the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the State of New York.. Description: A Resolution directing the Secretary of Revenue and the Governor to commence negotiations with the State of New York's Governor and Commissioner of the Department of Taxation and Finance to effectuate an income tax reciprocity agreement between the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the State of New York.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 100th anniversary of The American Legion, and recognizing and honoring the legacy of The American Legion as a staunch advocate for veterans and their families.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 100th anniversary of The American Legion, and recognizing and honoring the legacy of The American Legion as a staunch advocate for veterans and their families.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 21, 2019, as "Rosie the Riveter Day" in Pennsylvania and honoring the service and contributions of the millions of women who entered the work force during World War II.. Description: A Resolution designating March 21, 2019, as "Rosie the Riveter Day" in Pennsylvania and honoring the service and contributions of the millions of women who entered the work force during World War II.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the late Marine Corps Private First Class Andrew Joseph Kukuruda of the City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County.. Description: A Resolution honoring the late Marine Corps Private First Class Andrew Joseph Kukuruda of the City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and substantial accomplishments of artist Violet Oakley to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on the 100th anniversary of the Pennsylvania Senate murals.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and substantial accomplishments of artist Violet Oakley to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on the 100th anniversary of the Pennsylvania Senate murals.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of March 4 through 8, 2019, as "National School Breakfast Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of March 4 through 8, 2019, as "National School Breakfast Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States to pass, and the President of the United States to sign, legislation that will make apprenticeships more affordable for individuals seeking a skills-based education.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to pass, and the President of the United States to sign, legislation that will make apprenticeships more affordable for individuals seeking a skills-based education.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of March 10 through 16, 2019, as "Sunshine Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of March 10 through 16, 2019, as "Sunshine Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commending the 111th Attack Wing, 171st Air Refueling Wing and 193rd Special Operations Wing of the Pennsylvania Air National Guard on their selection as 2018 United States Air Force Outstanding Unit Award recipients.. Description: A Resolution commending the 111th Attack Wing, 171st Air Refueling Wing and 193rd Special Operations Wing of the Pennsylvania Air National Guard on their selection as 2018 United States Air Force Outstanding Unit Award recipients.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Greek-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania and recognizing the constructive role Greek Americans continue to play in the economic and cultural development of our nation and this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Greek-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania and recognizing the constructive role Greek Americans continue to play in the economic and cultural development of our nation and this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 30, 2019, as "Violent Crime Survivors' Assistance and Grief Support Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 30, 2019, as "Violent Crime Survivors' Assistance and Grief Support Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing emotional abuse of children and its deleterious effect on all individuals in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution recognizing emotional abuse of children and its deleterious effect on all individuals in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Irish-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Irish-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 21, 2019, as "World Down Syndrome Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing March 21, 2019, as "World Down Syndrome Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Problem Gambling Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Problem Gambling Awareness Month.". Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Problem Gambling Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Problem Gambling Awareness Month."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Occupational Therapy Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Occupational Therapy Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Congratulating The Pennsylvania State University IFC/Panhellenic Dance Marathon (THON) for raising more than $10 million for the Four Diamonds Fund at Penn State Hershey Children's Hospital to help fight pediatric cancer.. Description: A Resolution congratulating The Pennsylvania State University IFC/Panhellenic Dance Marathon (THON) for raising more than $10 million for the Four Diamonds Fund at Penn State Hershey Children's Hospital to help fight pediatric cancer.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "American Red Cross Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "American Red Cross Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 20, 2019, as "Kick Butts Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing March 20, 2019, as "Kick Butts Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "DeMolay International Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "DeMolay International Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 25, 2019, as "Greek Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 25, 2019, as "Greek Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 27, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Female Veterans Day.". Description: A Resolution designating March 27, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Female Veterans Day."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 5 through 12, 2019, as "National Music Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 5 through 12, 2019, as "National Music Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Sikh Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Sikh Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing and congratulating the members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., on their annual "AKA Day at the Capitol" on March 19, 2019.. Description: A Resolution recognizing and congratulating the members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., on their annual "AKA Day at the Capitol" on March 19, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Limb Loss Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Limb Loss Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 22, 2019, as "March for Meals Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 22, 2019, as "March for Meals Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing April 4, 2019, as "National Walking Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing April 4, 2019, as "National Walking Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2, 2019, as "National Healthy Schools Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing April 2, 2019, as "National Healthy Schools Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Professional Counselor Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Professional Counselor Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "Local Government Week" and April 10, 2019, as "Local Government Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "Local Government Week" and April 10, 2019, as "Local Government Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 30, 2019, as "Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing March 30, 2019, as "Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the centennial of the March First Movement and First Korean Congress and noting their historic roles in Korea's nationwide resistance against imperial Japan.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the centennial of the March First Movement and First Korean Congress and noting their historic roles in Korea's nationwide resistance against imperial Japan.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Deep Vein Thrombosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Deep Vein Thrombosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 4-H organization and annual 4-H Capital Days in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 4-H organization and annual 4-H Capital Days in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of April 21 through 27, 2019, as "Earth Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of April 21 through 27, 2019, as "Earth Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring fire police officers for their dedication in helping to preserve the safety and well-being of the residents of this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution honoring fire police officers for their dedication in helping to preserve the safety and well-being of the residents of this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recommending the Department of Corrections provide identification badges for corrections officers.. Description: A Resolution recommending the Department of Corrections provide identification badges for corrections officers.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish an advisory committee to conduct a study of the Commonwealth's current return on investments regarding after-school programs and provide feedback on developing a means to capture outcomes for the purpose of bolstering return on investments for after-school programs.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish an advisory committee to conduct a study of the Commonwealth's current return on investments regarding after-school programs and provide feedback on developing a means to capture outcomes for the purpose of bolstering return on investments for after-school programs.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "School Library Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "School Library Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Deep Vein Thrombosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Deep Vein Thrombosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Child Abuse Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Child Abuse Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 27, 2019, as "Don't Text and Drive Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 27, 2019, as "Don't Text and Drive Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 28, 2019, as "Workers' Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania in memory of workers killed, injured and disabled in the workplace and in recognition of the efforts of the Greater Wilkes-Barre Labor Council and the 12th annual local "Workers' Memorial Day" program and candlelight vigil service.. Description: A Resolution designating April 28, 2019, as "Workers' Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania in memory of workers killed, injured and disabled in the workplace and in recognition of the efforts of the Greater Wilkes-Barre Labor Council and the 12th annual local "Workers' Memorial Day" program and candlelight vigil service.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 230th anniversary of the election of Pennsylvania's Frederick Muhlenberg as the first Speaker of the United States House of Representatives on April 1, 2019.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 230th anniversary of the election of Pennsylvania's Frederick Muhlenberg as the first Speaker of the United States House of Representatives on April 1, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 26, 2019, as "Pretzel Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 26, 2019, as "Pretzel Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Pennsylvania Community College Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Pennsylvania Community College Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on the mental health care provider shortage in this Commonwealth and to issue a report.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on the mental health care provider shortage in this Commonwealth and to issue a report.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing April 25, 2019, as "Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day" in Pennsylvania to coincide with the 26th annual national and international observance.. Description: A Resolution recognizing April 25, 2019, as "Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day" in Pennsylvania to coincide with the 26th annual national and international observance.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Fair Housing Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Fair Housing Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring and recognizing the service and sacrifice of members of the United States Armed Forces and their families on the occasion of "Armed Forces Day," May 18, 2019.. Description: A Resolution honoring and recognizing the service and sacrifice of members of the United States Armed Forces and their families on the occasion of "Armed Forces Day," May 18, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 14, 2019, as "Sikh Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 14, 2019, as "Sikh Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of April 1 through 5, 2019, as "Graduate and Professional Student Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of April 1 through 5, 2019, as "Graduate and Professional Student Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 8 through 12, 2019, as "Week of the Young Child" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 8 through 12, 2019, as "Week of the Young Child" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "National Crime Victims' Rights Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "National Crime Victims' Rights Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the Pennsylvania Jaycees on the 80th anniversary of its founding.. Description: A Resolution honoring the Pennsylvania Jaycees on the 80th anniversary of its founding.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "World HIE Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "World HIE Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing April 17, 2019, as "World Hemophilia Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing April 17, 2019, as "World Hemophilia Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Paying tribute to those who lost their lives during the terrorist attack at the mosques in Christchurch, New Zealand.. Description: A Resolution paying tribute to those who lost their lives during the terrorist attack at the mosques in Christchurch, New Zealand.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 14 through 20, 2019, as "National Osteopathic Medicine Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 14 through 20, 2019, as "National Osteopathic Medicine Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 17, 2019, as "Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 17, 2019, as "Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "National Prevention Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "National Prevention Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Rainforest Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and urging Commonwealth residents to become aware of the disappearance of rainforests worldwide and to make choices that can lead to protection of those remaining areas.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Rainforest Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and urging Commonwealth residents to become aware of the disappearance of rainforests worldwide and to make choices that can lead to protection of those remaining areas.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution designating April 10, 2019, as "Stronger Than Hate Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution designating April 10, 2019, as "Stronger Than Hate Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Parkinson's Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Parkinson's Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing a legislative task force on overdose recovery and directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on warm hand-off to treatment for individuals with a substance use disorder in this Commonwealth and to report its findings and recommendations to the House of Representatives.. Description: A Resolution establishing a legislative task force on overdose recovery and directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on warm hand-off to treatment for individuals with a substance use disorder in this Commonwealth and to report its findings and recommendations to the House of Representatives.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the memory of law enforcement officers who gave their lives in the line of duty in this Commonwealth and recognizing the memorial service in their honor at the Pennsylvania State Museum in the City of Harrisburg on May 6, 2019.. Description: A Resolution honoring the memory of law enforcement officers who gave their lives in the line of duty in this Commonwealth and recognizing the memorial service in their honor at the Pennsylvania State Museum in the City of Harrisburg on May 6, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "National Donate Life Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "National Donate Life Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Bladder Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Bladder Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating calendar year 2019 as the "Year of the Student Journalist" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating calendar year 2019 as the "Year of the Student Journalist" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States and the United States Food and Drug Administration to take immediate action to defend this nation's dairy farmers by enforcing a standard of identity for the term "milk.". Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States and the United States Food and Drug Administration to take immediate action to defend this nation's dairy farmers by enforcing a standard of identity for the term "milk."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 30, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Health Care Information Technology Awareness Day.". Description: A Resolution designating April 30, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Health Care Information Technology Awareness Day."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 16, 2019, as "4p-/Wolf-Hirschhorn Syndrome Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 16, 2019, as "4p-/Wolf-Hirschhorn Syndrome Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Crohn's Disease and Ulcerative Colitis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Crohn's Disease and Ulcerative Colitis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and service of Milan Barber, who gave his life protecting others, and extending condolences to his family.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and service of Milan Barber, who gave his life protecting others, and extending condolences to his family.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the residents of this Commonwealth to support the efforts, programs, services and organizations that work to enhance research and awareness of undifferentiated pleomorphic sarcoma, a type of soft tissue sarcoma.. Description: A Resolution urging the residents of this Commonwealth to support the efforts, programs, services and organizations that work to enhance research and awareness of undifferentiated pleomorphic sarcoma, a type of soft tissue sarcoma.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 15, 2019, as "Trauma Registrars Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 15, 2019, as "Trauma Registrars Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Federal Government to prioritize and consider the need for resilient infrastructure to reduce risks and meet the country's economic, environmental and social needs.. Description: A Resolution urging the Federal Government to prioritize and consider the need for resilient infrastructure to reduce risks and meet the country's economic, environmental and social needs.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 16, 2019, as "Congenital Disorders of Glycosylation (CDG) Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 16, 2019, as "Congenital Disorders of Glycosylation (CDG) Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 2, 2019, as "Oxford Grain and Hay Company Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 2, 2019, as "Oxford Grain and Hay Company Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating September 7, 2019, as "Great Lakes-St. Lawrence River Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating September 7, 2019, as "Great Lakes-St. Lawrence River Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring Jacobus Franciscus "Jim" Thorpe by designating May 18, 2019, as "Jim Thorpe Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution honoring Jacobus Franciscus "Jim" Thorpe by designating May 18, 2019, as "Jim Thorpe Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 20, 2019, as "Forest Firefighter Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 20, 2019, as "Forest Firefighter Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "National Women's Lung Health Week" in Pennsylvania and encouraging all residents of this Commonwealth to learn more about the detection and treatment of lung cancer.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "National Women's Lung Health Week" in Pennsylvania and encouraging all residents of this Commonwealth to learn more about the detection and treatment of lung cancer.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Preeclampsia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Preeclampsia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Bike Month," the week of May 13 through 17, 2019, as "Bike to Work Week" and May 17, 2019, as "Bike to Work Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Bike Month," the week of May 13 through 17, 2019, as "Bike to Work Week" and May 17, 2019, as "Bike to Work Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "National Jazz Appreciation Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "National Jazz Appreciation Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Financial Literacy Month" in Pennsylvania in special recognition of the importance of increasing financial literacy among residents of this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Financial Literacy Month" in Pennsylvania in special recognition of the importance of increasing financial literacy among residents of this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing April 8, 2019, as "Cushing's Syndrome Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing April 8, 2019, as "Cushing's Syndrome Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing April 15, 2019, as a day to honor the lifetime achievements and lasting influence of Jackie Robinson in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing April 15, 2019, as a day to honor the lifetime achievements and lasting influence of Jackie Robinson in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 15 through 21, 2019, as "Shaken Baby Syndrome Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 15 through 21, 2019, as "Shaken Baby Syndrome Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Bulge.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Bulge.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Memorializing the Congress of the United States to facilitate and ensure implementation of the VA Maintaining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks Act of 2018 by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs.. Description: A Resolution memorializing the Congress of the United States to facilitate and ensure implementation of the VA Maintaining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks Act of 2018 by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to ratify the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement on Trade.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to ratify the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement on Trade.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Conservation District Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Conservation District Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States to grant additional authority to the Federal Communications Commission to stop unwanted and illegal robocalls and "spoofing" and urging the Federal Communications Commission to educate the public on how to report illegal telephone calls.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to grant additional authority to the Federal Communications Commission to stop unwanted and illegal robocalls and "spoofing" and urging the Federal Communications Commission to educate the public on how to report illegal telephone calls.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing April 27, 2019, as "World Veterinary Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing April 27, 2019, as "World Veterinary Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of April 21 through 27, 2019, as "Infertility Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania in conjunction with "National Infertility Awareness Week.". Description: A Resolution designating the week of April 21 through 27, 2019, as "Infertility Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania in conjunction with "National Infertility Awareness Week."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 10, 2019, as "Military Spouse Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 10, 2019, as "Military Spouse Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 7, 2019, as "World Asthma Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing May 7, 2019, as "World Asthma Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Encouraging all residents of this Commonwealth to observe "Earth Day" on April 22, 2019.. Description: A Resolution encouraging all residents of this Commonwealth to observe "Earth Day" on April 22, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 24, 2019, as "Pennsylvania's Day of Remembrance of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923.". Description: A Resolution designating April 24, 2019, as "Pennsylvania's Day of Remembrance of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Huntington's Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Huntington's Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 11, 2019, as "National Association of Letter Carriers Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 11, 2019, as "National Association of Letter Carriers Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 19, 2019, as "22q at the Zoo Worldwide Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing May 19, 2019, as "22q at the Zoo Worldwide Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 29, 2019, as "College Savings Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 29, 2019, as "College Savings Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Melanoma and Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Melanoma and Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the memory and legacy of the late Crafton Police Department Patrolman Henry Louis Hufnagel 100 years after his on-duty death.. Description: A Resolution honoring the memory and legacy of the late Crafton Police Department Patrolman Henry Louis Hufnagel 100 years after his on-duty death.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Autism Acceptance Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Autism Acceptance Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to study the impact of this Commonwealth's current behavioral health needs and behavioral health care system capacity on hospital emergency departments and patient health.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to study the impact of this Commonwealth's current behavioral health needs and behavioral health care system capacity on hospital emergency departments and patient health.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and service of Staff Sergeant Christopher K.A. Slutman, who tragically lost his life in the line of duty while serving the United States Marine Corps, and extending condolences to his family and friends.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and service of Staff Sergeant Christopher K.A. Slutman, who tragically lost his life in the line of duty while serving the United States Marine Corps, and extending condolences to his family and friends.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and service of Staff Sergeant Benjamin S. Hines, who tragically lost his life in the line of duty while serving the United States Marine Corps, and extending condolences to his family and friends.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and service of Staff Sergeant Benjamin S. Hines, who tragically lost his life in the line of duty while serving the United States Marine Corps, and extending condolences to his family and friends.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Drinking Water Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Drinking Water Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 6, 2019, as "Explore York County Tourism Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 6, 2019, as "Explore York County Tourism Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 30, 2019, as "Pocono Raceway Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 30, 2019, as "Pocono Raceway Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 28 through May 5, 2019, as "Days of Remembrance of the Victims of the Holocaust" and recognizing May 2, 2019, as "Holocaust Remembrance Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 28 through May 5, 2019, as "Days of Remembrance of the Victims of the Holocaust" and recognizing May 2, 2019, as "Holocaust Remembrance Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of April 29 through May 6, 2019, as "Children's Mental Health Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of April 29 through May 6, 2019, as "Children's Mental Health Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "The Month of the Young Child" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "The Month of the Young Child" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 40th Anniversary of the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act and enhancing the friendship and bilateral relationship between the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and Taiwan.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 40th Anniversary of the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act and enhancing the friendship and bilateral relationship between the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and Taiwan.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 4, 2019, as "Forgotten Cemetery Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 4, 2019, as "Forgotten Cemetery Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 14, 2019, as "Israel Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 14, 2019, as "Israel Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 4, 2019, as "Anti-bullying Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania in support of those working hard to raise awareness of bullying and prevent its occurrence.. Description: A Resolution designating May 4, 2019, as "Anti-bullying Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania in support of those working hard to raise awareness of bullying and prevent its occurrence.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 2 through 8, 2019, as "Chesapeake Bay Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 2 through 8, 2019, as "Chesapeake Bay Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of July 2019 as "Ultraviolet Safety Month" in Pennsylvania to raise awareness of the dangers of UV rays and point out the most effective ways to avoid these harmful rays.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of July 2019 as "Ultraviolet Safety Month" in Pennsylvania to raise awareness of the dangers of UV rays and point out the most effective ways to avoid these harmful rays.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of June 2019 as "Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of June 2019 as "Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Pennsylvania Public School Employees' Retirement System on July 1, 2019.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Pennsylvania Public School Employees' Retirement System on July 1, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Expressing condolences to the city of Paris, France, on the destruction of Notre-Dame Cathedral.. Description: A Resolution expressing condolences to the city of Paris, France, on the destruction of Notre-Dame Cathedral.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 30, 2019, as "Life Sciences Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 30, 2019, as "Life Sciences Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "National Drug Court Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "National Drug Court Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Youth Art Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Youth Art Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Military Service-Related Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Military Service-Related Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 1, 2019, as "The Battle of the Crooked Billet Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 1, 2019, as "The Battle of the Crooked Billet Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Yoga Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Yoga Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 12, 2019, as "Fibromyalgia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 12, 2019, as "Fibromyalgia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 15 through June 15, 2019, as "Tourette Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing May 15 through June 15, 2019, as "Tourette Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 11, 2019, as "National Train Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing May 11, 2019, as "National Train Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 8, 2019, as "Tuskegee Airmen Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 8, 2019, as "Tuskegee Airmen Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Motorcycle Safety and Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Motorcycle Safety and Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Mental Health Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Mental Health Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 6 through 12, 2019, as "Fallen Firefighters Survivors' Week" in Pennsylvania and May 8, 2019, as "Fallen Firefighters Survivors' Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 6 through 12, 2019, as "Fallen Firefighters Survivors' Week" in Pennsylvania and May 8, 2019, as "Fallen Firefighters Survivors' Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Fibromuscular Dysplasia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Fibromuscular Dysplasia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Small Business Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Small Business Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Pennsylvania 8-1-1 Safe Digging Month.". Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Pennsylvania 8-1-1 Safe Digging Month."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Cancer Caregivers Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania and honoring the vital role caregivers play in the lives of cancer patients.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Cancer Caregivers Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania and honoring the vital role caregivers play in the lives of cancer patients.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Postpartum Depression Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Postpartum Depression Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Blue Star Mothers of America Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Blue Star Mothers of America Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the observance of the Holy Month of Ramadan, a month of reflection and prayer for the Muslim community, which runs from May 5 through June 4, 2019, and the festival of Eid al-Fitr.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the observance of the Holy Month of Ramadan, a month of reflection and prayer for the Muslim community, which runs from May 5 through June 4, 2019, and the festival of Eid al-Fitr.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Mental Health Awareness in the Black Community Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Mental Health Awareness in the Black Community Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Affordable Housing Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Affordable Housing Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 18 through 24, 2019, as "National Safe Boating Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 18 through 24, 2019, as "National Safe Boating Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "Food Allergy Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "Food Allergy Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the National Coalition of 100 Black Women on their tireless efforts in recognizing and visibly promoting gender and racial equity and the Pennsylvania chapters of the Coalition of 100 Black Women for the work they do in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the National Coalition of 100 Black Women on their tireless efforts in recognizing and visibly promoting gender and racial equity and the Pennsylvania chapters of the Coalition of 100 Black Women for the work they do in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., for more than a century of commitment to social activism, academic excellence and civic engagement in this Commonwealth on the occasion of Delta Day at the State Capitol.. Description: A Resolution recognizing and honoring the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., for more than a century of commitment to social activism, academic excellence and civic engagement in this Commonwealth on the occasion of Delta Day at the State Capitol.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 7, 2019, as "Rare Disease Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 7, 2019, as "Rare Disease Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 100th Anniversary of the Morning Star Baptist Church on June 2, 2019.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 100th Anniversary of the Morning Star Baptist Church on June 2, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 10th anniversary of the Pennsylvania Innocence Project and its efforts to free the convicted innocent.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 10th anniversary of the Pennsylvania Innocence Project and its efforts to free the convicted innocent.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Dementia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Dementia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Better Hearing and Speech Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Better Hearing and Speech Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 25, 2019, as "National Missing Children's Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing May 25, 2019, as "National Missing Children's Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Healthy Babies Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Healthy Babies Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Global Youth Traffic Safety Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Global Youth Traffic Safety Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Building Safety Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Building Safety Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 15, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Arson Dogs Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania and honoring all fire and law enforcement investigative agencies for their dedicated and tireless service.. Description: A Resolution designating May 15, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Arson Dogs Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania and honoring all fire and law enforcement investigative agencies for their dedicated and tireless service.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 13, 2019, as "World Falun Dafa Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing May 13, 2019, as "World Falun Dafa Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 22, 2019, as "Emergency Medical Services for Children (EMSC) Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 22, 2019, as "Emergency Medical Services for Children (EMSC) Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Condemning the global persecution of Christians and calling on world leaders to implement policies that protect the religious liberty of Christians and all other faiths within their nations' borders.. Description: A Resolution condemning the global persecution of Christians and calling on world leaders to implement policies that protect the religious liberty of Christians and all other faiths within their nations' borders.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 19 through 25, 2019, as "Emergency Medical Services Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 19 through 25, 2019, as "Emergency Medical Services Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Foster Care Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Foster Care Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of July 2019 as "Lakes Appreciation Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of July 2019 as "Lakes Appreciation Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 3 through 9, 2019, as "Parental Alienation and Hostile Aggressive Parenting Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 3 through 9, 2019, as "Parental Alienation and Hostile Aggressive Parenting Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Lupus Awareness Month" Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Lupus Awareness Month" Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 10, 2019, as "Delco Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 10, 2019, as "Delco Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Williams Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Williams Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States to reauthorize and fully fund the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to reauthorize and fully fund the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 23, 2019, as "Teacher Education Day" in Pennsylvania and honoring the outstanding service of teacher educators who prepare teachers for Pennsylvania's classrooms.. Description: A Resolution designating May 23, 2019, as "Teacher Education Day" in Pennsylvania and honoring the outstanding service of teacher educators who prepare teachers for Pennsylvania's classrooms.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 12, 2019, as "National Guard Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 12, 2019, as "National Guard Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of July 2019 as "MECP2 Duplication Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of July 2019 as "MECP2 Duplication Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the licensing boards and commissions under the Department of State to review how military education and training may partially or completely fulfill licensure requirements and to develop suggested pathways to licensure for active duty military and veterans.. Description: A Resolution urging the licensing boards and commissions under the Department of State to review how military education and training may partially or completely fulfill licensure requirements and to develop suggested pathways to licensure for active duty military and veterans.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of July 2019 as "Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of July 2019 as "Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "National Stop the Bleed Month" and May 23, 2019, as the second annual "National Stop the Bleed Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "National Stop the Bleed Month" and May 23, 2019, as the second annual "National Stop the Bleed Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating 100 years of diplomatic relations between Poland and the United States and recognizing the strong Polish-American community in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution commemorating 100 years of diplomatic relations between Poland and the United States and recognizing the strong Polish-American community in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 25, 2019, as "National Tap Dance Day" in Pennsylvania and highlighting the community efforts of the Philadelphia Community Tap Project.. Description: A Resolution recognizing May 25, 2019, as "National Tap Dance Day" in Pennsylvania and highlighting the community efforts of the Philadelphia Community Tap Project.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Older Pennsylvanians Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Older Pennsylvanians Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2019 as "Alzheimer's and Brain Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2019 as "Alzheimer's and Brain Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 27 through 31, 2019, as "No Place for Hate Week" in Pennsylvania and commending the Anti-Defamation League for its outstanding efforts to promote peace, brotherhood and goodwill.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 27 through 31, 2019, as "No Place for Hate Week" in Pennsylvania and commending the Anti-Defamation League for its outstanding efforts to promote peace, brotherhood and goodwill.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 150th anniversary of North Wales Borough on August 20, 2019.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 150th anniversary of North Wales Borough on August 20, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2019 as "Cytomegalovirus Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2019 as "Cytomegalovirus Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of July 21 through 27, 2019, as "Construction Opioids Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of July 21 through 27, 2019, as "Construction Opioids Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 3 through 7, 2019, as "Child Welfare Professionals Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 3 through 7, 2019, as "Child Welfare Professionals Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing August 7, 2019, as "Professional Engineers Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing August 7, 2019, as "Professional Engineers Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the 100th anniversary of Penelec.. Description: A Resolution honoring the 100th anniversary of Penelec.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 145th birthday of Violet Oakley and her important artistic contributions to this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 145th birthday of Violet Oakley and her important artistic contributions to this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing and celebrating July 19, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Park and Recreation Professionals Day.". Description: A Resolution recognizing and celebrating July 19, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Park and Recreation Professionals Day."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of August 2019 as "Gastroparesis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to improve our understanding and awareness of this condition and encourage preventive strategies.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of August 2019 as "Gastroparesis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to improve our understanding and awareness of this condition and encourage preventive strategies.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 1 through June 9, 2019, as "Fishing and Boating Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 1 through June 9, 2019, as "Fishing and Boating Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 10, 2019, as "National History Day" in Pennsylvania.". Description: A Resolution designating May 10, 2019, as "National History Day" in Pennsylvania."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of June 2019 as "Dairy Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of June 2019 as "Dairy Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing August 26, 2019, as "Women's Equality Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing August 26, 2019, as "Women's Equality Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating September 21, 2019, as "Peace Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating September 21, 2019, as "Peace Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 10 through 14, 2019, as "Child Welfare Service Providers Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 10 through 14, 2019, as "Child Welfare Service Providers Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 15, 2019, as "Elder Abuse Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 15, 2019, as "Elder Abuse Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 8 through 14, 2019, as "Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis Research and Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania to increase awareness and understanding of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 8 through 14, 2019, as "Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis Research and Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania to increase awareness and understanding of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 17 through 23, 2019, as "Pollinator Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 17 through 23, 2019, as "Pollinator Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 16 through 22, 2019, as "Trench Safety Stand Down Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 16 through 22, 2019, as "Trench Safety Stand Down Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Observing June 19, 2019, as "Juneteenth Independence Day" in Pennsylvania in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery was abolished finally in all regions of the United States.. Description: A Resolution observing June 19, 2019, as "Juneteenth Independence Day" in Pennsylvania in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery was abolished finally in all regions of the United States.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as a Purple Heart State and recognizing August 7 as "Purple Heart Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as a Purple Heart State and recognizing August 7 as "Purple Heart Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating November 7, 2019, as "Victims of Communism Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating November 7, 2019, as "Victims of Communism Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of June 10 through 16, 2019, as "Men'sHealth Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of June 10 through 16, 2019, as "Men'sHealth Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 15 through 21, 2019, as "Surgical Technologist Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 15 through 21, 2019, as "Surgical Technologist Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing June 28, 2019, as "National Logistics Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing June 28, 2019, as "National Logistics Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Celebrating the 30th anniversary of the Appalachian Region Independent Power Producers Association and designating the week of June 10 through 17, 2019, as "ARIPPA - 30 Years of Producing Environmentally Beneficial Alternative Energy - Recognition Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution celebrating the 30th anniversary of the Appalachian Region Independent Power Producers Association and designating the week of June 10 through 17, 2019, as "ARIPPA - 30 Years of Producing Environmentally Beneficial Alternative Energy - Recognition Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Commonwealth to adopt and utilize sensitive language related to suicide.. Description: A Resolution urging the Commonwealth to adopt and utilize sensitive language related to suicide.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and legacy of Octavius Valentine Catto, civil rights activist, educator, military officer and baseball player.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and legacy of Octavius Valentine Catto, civil rights activist, educator, military officer and baseball player.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the value of whole milk and supporting schools adding whole milk as a choice for consumption in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the value of whole milk and supporting schools adding whole milk as a choice for consumption in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Hirschsprung's Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to coincide with a global initiative in Australia.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Hirschsprung's Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to coincide with a global initiative in Australia.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the centennial of the Commonwealth's ratification of the 19th Amendment on June 24, 2019, and recognizing the Justice Bell as a symbol of the suffrage cause.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the centennial of the Commonwealth's ratification of the 19th Amendment on June 24, 2019, and recognizing the Justice Bell as a symbol of the suffrage cause.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of August 2019 as "Stevens-Johnson Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of August 2019 as "Stevens-Johnson Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the historical importance of the 15th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States and encouraging the establishment of a monument upon the grounds of the Pennsylvania State Capitol Complex.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the historical importance of the 15th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States and encouraging the establishment of a monument upon the grounds of the Pennsylvania State Capitol Complex.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2019 as "National Suicide Prevention Awareness Month" and September 10, 2019, as "World Suicide Prevention Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2019 as "National Suicide Prevention Awareness Month" and September 10, 2019, as "World Suicide Prevention Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 30th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square protests that began on June 4, 1989, and the events that occurred that day, along with the heroism of the participants.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 30th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square protests that began on June 4, 1989, and the events that occurred that day, along with the heroism of the participants.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of June 2019 as "National Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of June 2019 as "National Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Golden Gate Lodge #33.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Golden Gate Lodge #33.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 21 through 25, 2019, as "National Medical Assistants Recognition Week" in Pennsylvania in appreciation of the quality care, support and vital services provided by medical assistants in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 21 through 25, 2019, as "National Medical Assistants Recognition Week" in Pennsylvania in appreciation of the quality care, support and vital services provided by medical assistants in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2019 as "National Breast Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and October 18, 2019, as "National Mammography Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2019 as "National Breast Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and October 18, 2019, as "National Mammography Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Histiocytosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Histiocytosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 7, 2019, as "World Habitat Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 7, 2019, as "World Habitat Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Observing the month of September 2019 as "Newborn Screening Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution observing the month of September 2019 as "Newborn Screening Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Expressing condolences and honoring the life of Margaret "Marge" Tartaglione.. Description: A Resolution expressing condolences and honoring the life of Margaret "Marge" Tartaglione.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing 2019 as the "International Year of the Periodic Table of Chemical Elements" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing 2019 as the "International Year of the Periodic Table of Chemical Elements" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Congratulating Fallingwater, the Western Pennsylvania Conservancy and the Frank Lloyd Wright Building Conservancy on Fallingwater being named a UNESCO World Heritage Site.. Description: A Resolution congratulating Fallingwater, the Western Pennsylvania Conservancy and the Frank Lloyd Wright Building Conservancy on Fallingwater being named a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of September 8 through 14, 2019, as "Arts in Education Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of September 8 through 14, 2019, as "Arts in Education Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 23, 2019, as "National Falls Prevention Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing September 23, 2019, as "National Falls Prevention Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Noting Smokey Bear's 75th anniversary on August 9, 2019.. Description: A Resolution noting Smokey Bear's 75th anniversary on August 9, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Fire Prevention Month" and recognizing the week of October 6 through 12, 2019, as "National Fire Prevention Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Fire Prevention Month" and recognizing the week of October 6 through 12, 2019, as "National Fire Prevention Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Childhood Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Childhood Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Polycystic Kidney Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Polycystic Kidney Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 23 through 29, 2019, as "Diaper Need Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 23 through 29, 2019, as "Diaper Need Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2019 as "Domestic Violence Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2019 as "Domestic Violence Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Self-Care Awareness Month" in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Self-Care Awareness Month" in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2019 as "National Arts and Humanities Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2019 as "National Arts and Humanities Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution recognizing October 13, 2019, as the 244th birthday of the United States Navy.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution recognizing October 13, 2019, as the 244th birthday of the United States Navy.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the National Days of Prayer and Remembrance for the victims and heroes of the terror attacks on September 11, 2001.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the National Days of Prayer and Remembrance for the victims and heroes of the terror attacks on September 11, 2001.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 10, 2019, as "Put the Brakes on Fatalities Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 10, 2019, as "Put the Brakes on Fatalities Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 4, 2019, as "Manufacturing Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 4, 2019, as "Manufacturing Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Observing September 15 through October 15, 2019, as "Hispanic Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution observing September 15 through October 15, 2019, as "Hispanic Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Civic Education Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Civic Education Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring John William Heisman, the namesake of the Heisman Trophy, on the occasion of his 150th birthday.. Description: A Resolution honoring John William Heisman, the namesake of the Heisman Trophy, on the occasion of his 150th birthday.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 11, 2019, as the "Day of the Girl" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 11, 2019, as the "Day of the Girl" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Krabbe Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Krabbe Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Leukodystrophy Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Leukodystrophy Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 22 through 28, 2019, as "Rail Safety Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 22 through 28, 2019, as "Rail Safety Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of September 15 through 21, 2019, as "National Medicare Education Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of September 15 through 21, 2019, as "National Medicare Education Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 11, 2019, as "Amplified Musculoskeletal Pain Syndrome Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 11, 2019, as "Amplified Musculoskeletal Pain Syndrome Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 16 through 22, 2019, as "Prescription Opioid/Heroin Epidemic Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 16 through 22, 2019, as "Prescription Opioid/Heroin Epidemic Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 23 through 29, 2019, as "Safe2Say Something Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 23 through 29, 2019, as "Safe2Say Something Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 6, 2019, as "Domestic Violence Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 6, 2019, as "Domestic Violence Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Benzodiazepine Addiction Recovery Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Benzodiazepine Addiction Recovery Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 8 through 14, 2019, as "Direct Support Professionals Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 8 through 14, 2019, as "Direct Support Professionals Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing dwarfism with the hope of raising positive awareness about dwarfism and promoting the welfare of people having dwarfism in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution recognizing dwarfism with the hope of raising positive awareness about dwarfism and promoting the welfare of people having dwarfism in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Rett Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Rett Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 13 through 19, 2019, as "Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 13 through 19, 2019, as "Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the importance and valuable service of pediatric shift nurses to children with complex medical needs in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the importance and valuable service of pediatric shift nurses to children with complex medical needs in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 30, 2019, as "NICU Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing September 30, 2019, as "NICU Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating November 12, 2019, the 550th anniversary of the birth of Guru Nanak, the founder of Sikhism, as "World Equality Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating November 12, 2019, the 550th anniversary of the birth of Guru Nanak, the founder of Sikhism, as "World Equality Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Sepsis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Sepsis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and issue a report analyzing the current Pennsylvania health and human services hotlines and their cost to the Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study and issue a report analyzing the current Pennsylvania health and human services hotlines and their cost to the Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 9, 2019, as "PANS/PANDAS Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania and recognizing the need to raise awareness of pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome and pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders associated with streptococcal infections.. Description: A Resolution designating October 9, 2019, as "PANS/PANDAS Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania and recognizing the need to raise awareness of pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome and pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders associated with streptococcal infections.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2019 as "Infant Safe Sleep Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2019 as "Infant Safe Sleep Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a comprehensive study of changes in availability of county-managed community health services between fiscal years 2010 through 2018.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a comprehensive study of changes in availability of county-managed community health services between fiscal years 2010 through 2018.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Dyslexia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Dyslexia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the legacy of Richard "Dick" Anthony Allen as a standout baseball player and his contributions to the Philadelphia Phillies and calling for the voters on the veterans committee to elect Mr. Allen to the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 2020.. Description: A Resolution honoring the legacy of Richard "Dick" Anthony Allen as a standout baseball player and his contributions to the Philadelphia Phillies and calling for the voters on the veterans committee to elect Mr. Allen to the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 2020.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Wine, Wineries and Grapes Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Wine, Wineries and Grapes Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Agent Orange Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Agent Orange Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 13 through 19, 2019, as "Credit Union Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 13 through 19, 2019, as "Credit Union Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Pennsylvania Pharmacists and Pharmacy Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Pennsylvania Pharmacists and Pharmacy Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating September 24, 2019, as the day to commemorate "United States National Health IT Week-September 23, 2019, to September 27, 2019" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating September 24, 2019, as the day to commemorate "United States National Health IT Week-September 23, 2019, to September 27, 2019" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 6 through 12, 2019, as "National Newspaper Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 6 through 12, 2019, as "National Newspaper Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 6 through 12, 2019, as "Love Your Avenue Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 6 through 12, 2019, as "Love Your Avenue Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 25, 2019, as the "Day of Remembrance for Murder Victims" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing September 25, 2019, as the "Day of Remembrance for Murder Victims" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Lifesharing Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Lifesharing Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 24, 2019, as "Lights On Afterschool Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 24, 2019, as "Lights On Afterschool Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing November 21, 2019, as "The Great American Smokeout Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing November 21, 2019, as "The Great American Smokeout Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "National Teen Driver Safety Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "National Teen Driver Safety Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 7, 2019, as "Blue Shirt Day World Day of Bullying Prevention" in Pennsylvania in support of those working hard to raise awareness of bullying and preventing its occurrence.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 7, 2019, as "Blue Shirt Day World Day of Bullying Prevention" in Pennsylvania in support of those working hard to raise awareness of bullying and preventing its occurrence.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 30 through October 4, 2019, as "Juvenile Detention Centers and Alternative Programs Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 30 through October 4, 2019, as "Juvenile Detention Centers and Alternative Programs Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 13 through 19, 2019, as "International Central Service Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 13 through 19, 2019, as "International Central Service Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring the 30th anniversary of the date of enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.. Description: A Resolution recognizing and honoring the 30th anniversary of the date of enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating November 30, 2019, as "Small Business Saturday" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating November 30, 2019, as "Small Business Saturday" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 375th anniversary of William Penn's birth.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 375th anniversary of William Penn's birth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of November 2019 as "National Dog Show Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of November 2019 as "National Dog Show Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 5, 2019, as "Peroxisomal Disorder Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 5, 2019, as "Peroxisomal Disorder Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "Respiratory Care Week" in Pennsylvania and commending respiratory therapists for their outstanding contributions to health care.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "Respiratory Care Week" in Pennsylvania and commending respiratory therapists for their outstanding contributions to health care.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "National Massage Therapy Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania to honor the more than 7,900 licensed massage therapists in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "National Massage Therapy Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania to honor the more than 7,900 licensed massage therapists in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of November 16 through 24, 2019, as "Hunger and Homelessness Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of November 16 through 24, 2019, as "Hunger and Homelessness Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the 244th birthday of the United States Marine Corps on November 10, 2019.. Description: A Resolution honoring the 244th birthday of the United States Marine Corps on November 10, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the continuing work of the Veterans Courts in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution honoring the continuing work of the Veterans Courts in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Down Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Down Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of November 10 through 16, 2019, as "Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of November 10 through 16, 2019, as "Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2019 as "Veteran Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania in conjunction with the annual "Veterans Day" observance on November 11, 2019.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2019 as "Veteran Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania in conjunction with the annual "Veterans Day" observance on November 11, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 29, 2019, as "International Data Center Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 29, 2019, as "International Data Center Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing November 3, 2019, as "One Health Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing November 3, 2019, as "One Health Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Life Insurance Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Life Insurance Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 22, 2019, as "Vincent Neil DiRenzo Day" in Pennsylvania in memory of a native son who identified Cuban-based Soviet nuclear missiles in October 1962.. Description: A Resolution designating October 22, 2019, as "Vincent Neil DiRenzo Day" in Pennsylvania in memory of a native son who identified Cuban-based Soviet nuclear missiles in October 1962.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 20, 2019, as "Mast Cell Diseases Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 20, 2019, as "Mast Cell Diseases Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2019 as "Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2019 as "Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "Pro Bono Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "Pro Bono Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of November 2019 as "National Epilepsy Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of November 2019 as "National Epilepsy Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 28, 2019, as "Steve Blass Day" in Pennsylvania to celebrate the Pittsburgh Pirates icon.. Description: A Resolution designating October 28, 2019, as "Steve Blass Day" in Pennsylvania to celebrate the Pittsburgh Pirates icon.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing November 23, 2019, as "National Adoption Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing November 23, 2019, as "National Adoption Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 7 through 13, 2019, as "Mental Health Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 7 through 13, 2019, as "Mental Health Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee on its 60th anniversary.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee on its 60th anniversary.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 29, 2019, as "Amusement Park Day" in Pennsylvania to honor amusement parks and family theme parks in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution designating October 29, 2019, as "Amusement Park Day" in Pennsylvania to honor amusement parks and family theme parks in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating November 25, 2019, as "Elimination of Violence Against Women Day" in Pennsylvania to coincide with the United Nations' "International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women.". Description: A Resolution designating November 25, 2019, as "Elimination of Violence Against Women Day" in Pennsylvania to coincide with the United Nations' "International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Sudden Cardiac Arrest Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Sudden Cardiac Arrest Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "National Lead Poisoning Prevention Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "National Lead Poisoning Prevention Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of November 11 through 17, 2019, as "National Apprenticeship Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of November 11 through 17, 2019, as "National Apprenticeship Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and accomplishments of Toni Morrison.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and accomplishments of Toni Morrison.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating December 15, 2019, as "Bill of Rights Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating December 15, 2019, as "Bill of Rights Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2019 as "Archives Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2019 as "Archives Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating December 7, 2019, as "Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day.". Description: A Resolution commemorating December 7, 2019, as "Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2019 as "Complex Regional Pain Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2019 as "Complex Regional Pain Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2019 as "Chiropractic Health Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2019 as "Chiropractic Health Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2019 as "COPD Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2019 as "COPD Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Memorializing the Can-Am Police-Fire Games Federation to name Butler County as the 2024 Can-Am Police-Fire Games location.. Description: A Resolution memorializing the Can-Am Police-Fire Games Federation to name Butler County as the 2024 Can-Am Police-Fire Games location.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2019 as "Long-Term Care Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and urging all Pennsylvanians to examine their long-term care needs.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2019 as "Long-Term Care Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and urging all Pennsylvanians to examine their long-term care needs.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of February 22 through 29, 2020, as "FFA Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of February 22 through 29, 2020, as "FFA Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of November 18 through 22, 2019, as "American Education Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of November 18 through 22, 2019, as "American Education Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating November 22, 2019, as "Veterans Suicide Prevention and Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating November 22, 2019, as "Veterans Suicide Prevention and Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of November 2019 as "National Alzheimer's Disease Awareness and Family Caregivers Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of November 2019 as "National Alzheimer's Disease Awareness and Family Caregivers Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Boyertown American Legion Post 471, and recognizing and honoring the legacy of General Carl Spaatz and the American Legion as a staunch advocate for veterans and their families.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Boyertown American Legion Post 471, and recognizing and honoring the legacy of General Carl Spaatz and the American Legion as a staunch advocate for veterans and their families.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing November 14, 2019, as "World Diabetes Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing November 14, 2019, as "World Diabetes Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Congratulating Roger Penske on being awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.. Description: A Resolution congratulating Roger Penske on being awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of December 2019 as "Made in PA Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of December 2019 as "Made in PA Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of January 2020 as "National Human Trafficking Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of January 2020 as "National Human Trafficking Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study to collect and organize data regarding historic funding and caseloads relating to indigent criminal defense in this Commonwealth during the most recent three years for which data is available.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study to collect and organize data regarding historic funding and caseloads relating to indigent criminal defense in this Commonwealth during the most recent three years for which data is available.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study regarding identifying and evaluating all categories of individuals in this Commonwealth authorized to exercise arrest or other police powers.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study regarding identifying and evaluating all categories of individuals in this Commonwealth authorized to exercise arrest or other police powers.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of January 2020 as "Learn to Ski and Snowboard Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of January 2020 as "Learn to Ski and Snowboard Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of January 2020 as "School Director Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of January 2020 as "School Director Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Supporting the observance of "National Women's Small Business Month" to celebrate women entrepreneurs and small business owners and affirming their progress.. Description: A Resolution supporting the observance of "National Women's Small Business Month" to celebrate women entrepreneurs and small business owners and affirming their progress.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on medical student choice in primary care and issue a report.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on medical student choice in primary care and issue a report.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the President and the Congress of the United States to enact S. 1757 or similar legislation to award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States Army Rangers Veterans of World War II in recognition of their extraordinary service.. Description: A Resolution urging the President and the Congress of the United States to enact S. 1757 or similar legislation to award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States Army Rangers Veterans of World War II in recognition of their extraordinary service.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States to take action on legislation that would expand Medicare coverage to include hearing aids; and urging the Congress of the United States to approve the Protecting Our Pharmaceutical Supply Chain From China Act, which would ensure that the United States is not dependent on foreign countries for pharmaceutical manufacturing... Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to take action on legislation that would expand Medicare coverage to include hearing aids; and urging the Congress of the United States to approve the Protecting Our Pharmaceutical Supply Chain From China Act, which would ensure that the United States is not dependent on foreign countries for pharmaceutical manufacturing..
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the legacy of longtime WHTM/ABC27 director Gregory D. Mace, 65, of Camp Hill, who passed away November 23, 2019.. Description: A Resolution honoring the legacy of longtime WHTM/ABC27 director Gregory D. Mace, 65, of Camp Hill, who passed away November 23, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 lunar landing mission on July 20, 2019.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 lunar landing mission on July 20, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Congratulating the United States Marine Corps Reserve Toys for Tots Program and the Marine Toys for Tots Foundation on their continued efforts to provide a message of hope to less fortunate children and commending all those who volunteer their time to contribute to this goal.. Description: A Resolution congratulating the United States Marine Corps Reserve Toys for Tots Program and the Marine Toys for Tots Foundation on their continued efforts to provide a message of hope to less fortunate children and commending all those who volunteer their time to contribute to this goal.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2020 as "Amyloidosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2020 as "Amyloidosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating December 18, 2019, as "Second Gulf War Veterans Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating December 18, 2019, as "Second Gulf War Veterans Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the legacy of the United States Navy submarine USS Pittsburgh after decades of commissioned service and marking her decommissioning.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the legacy of the United States Navy submarine USS Pittsburgh after decades of commissioned service and marking her decommissioning.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating January 23, 2020, as "Maternal Health Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania to recognize all the women who die from complications of pregnancy or childbirth.. Description: A Resolution designating January 23, 2020, as "Maternal Health Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania to recognize all the women who die from complications of pregnancy or childbirth.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on the shortcomings of mental health services available to victims of sexual assault and rape in this Commonwealth and how mental health services can be improved.. Description: A Resolution directing the Joint State Government Commission to conduct a study on the shortcomings of mental health services available to victims of sexual assault and rape in this Commonwealth and how mental health services can be improved.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 19 through 25, 2020, as "Healthy Weight Week" and designating January 23, 2020, as "Women's Healthy Weight Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 19 through 25, 2020, as "Healthy Weight Week" and designating January 23, 2020, as "Women's Healthy Weight Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of January 2020 as "National Mentoring Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of January 2020 as "National Mentoring Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the bravery and professionalism of the Philadelphia Police Department during the events of August 14, 2019.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the bravery and professionalism of the Philadelphia Police Department during the events of August 14, 2019.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of February 3 through 7, 2020, as "Tax Identity Theft Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of February 3 through 7, 2020, as "Tax Identity Theft Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 110th anniversary of Milton Hershey School and the life-changing opportunities it provides to children from low-income families.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 110th anniversary of Milton Hershey School and the life-changing opportunities it provides to children from low-income families.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of February 9 through 15, 2020, as "Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of February 9 through 15, 2020, as "Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of February 8 through 15, 2020, as "Court Reporting and Captioning Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of February 8 through 15, 2020, as "Court Reporting and Captioning Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing January 27, 2020, as "International Holocaust Remembrance Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing January 27, 2020, as "International Holocaust Remembrance Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of January 20 through 26, 2020, as "Community Risk Reduction Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of January 20 through 26, 2020, as "Community Risk Reduction Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2020 as "Greek-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania and recognizing the constructive role Greek Americans continue to play in the economic and cultural development of our nation and this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2020 as "Greek-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania and recognizing the constructive role Greek Americans continue to play in the economic and cultural development of our nation and this Commonwealth.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 7, 2020, as "National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 7, 2020, as "National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the accomplishments of Rocco Colavito, Jr., and recommending his nomination to the National Baseball Hall of Fame.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the accomplishments of Rocco Colavito, Jr., and recommending his nomination to the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of January 2020 as "Thyroid Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of January 2020 as "Thyroid Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of February 7 through 14, 2020, as "Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of February 7 through 14, 2020, as "Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of February 2020 as "Marfan Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of February 2020 as "Marfan Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of January 2020 as "Cervical Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of January 2020 as "Cervical Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating January 26, 2020, as "Kawasaki Disease Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating January 26, 2020, as "Kawasaki Disease Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 19 through 25, 2020, as "Nurse Anesthetists Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 19 through 25, 2020, as "Nurse Anesthetists Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 20, 2020, as "Jimmy Stewart Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 20, 2020, as "Jimmy Stewart Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the 25th anniversary of the Jimmy Stewart Museum.. Description: A Resolution honoring the 25th anniversary of the Jimmy Stewart Museum.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 25, 2020, as "Greek Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 25, 2020, as "Greek Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 4, 2020, as "Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 4, 2020, as "Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 6, 2020, as "Black Balloon Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing March 6, 2020, as "Black Balloon Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2020 as "National Social Work Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2020 as "National Social Work Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2020 as "Save Your Vision Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2020 as "Save Your Vision Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 18, 2020, as "Kick Butts Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing March 18, 2020, as "Kick Butts Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 8, 2020, as "Charter Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 8, 2020, as "Charter Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of March 8 through 14, 2020, as "Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of March 8 through 14, 2020, as "Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of March 15 through 21, 2020, as "Sunshine Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of March 15 through 21, 2020, as "Sunshine Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of February 2020 as "Black History Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of February 2020 as "Black History Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 7, 2020, as "National Wear Red Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 7, 2020, as "National Wear Red Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 11, 2020, as "PA 2-1-1 Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 11, 2020, as "PA 2-1-1 Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Halloween Safety Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Halloween Safety Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 4 through 10, 2020, as "Love Your Avenue Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 4 through 10, 2020, as "Love Your Avenue Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of March 8 through 15, 2020, as "AmeriCorps Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of March 8 through 15, 2020, as "AmeriCorps Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of February 2020 as "National Cancer Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of February 2020 as "National Cancer Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of February 24 through March 1, 2020, as "Eating Disorders Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of February 24 through March 1, 2020, as "Eating Disorders Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2020 as "Brain Injury Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2020 as "Brain Injury Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 4 through 10, 2020, as "National Newspaper Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 4 through 10, 2020, as "National Newspaper Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 150th anniversary of the ratification of the Fifteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 150th anniversary of the ratification of the Fifteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of Dr. Noel Ignatiev and expressing condolences on his passing.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of Dr. Noel Ignatiev and expressing condolences on his passing.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2020 as "Endometriosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2020 as "Endometriosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 6, 2020, as "Pennsylvania Health Care Information Technology Awareness Day.". Description: A Resolution designating May 6, 2020, as "Pennsylvania Health Care Information Technology Awareness Day."
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2020 as "Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2020 as "Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 15, 2020, as "Trauma Registrars Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 15, 2020, as "Trauma Registrars Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2020 as "Limb Loss Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2020 as "Limb Loss Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 25 through 31, 2020, as "Respiratory Care Week" in Pennsylvania and commending respiratory therapists for their outstanding contributions to health care.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 25 through 31, 2020, as "Respiratory Care Week" in Pennsylvania and commending respiratory therapists for their outstanding contributions to health care.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2020 as "Lupus Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2020 as "Lupus Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 12, 2020, as "World Cholangiocarcinoma Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 12, 2020, as "World Cholangiocarcinoma Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2020 as "Lyme and Tick-borne Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2020 as "Lyme and Tick-borne Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of July 2020 as "Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of July 2020 as "Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 26, 2020, as "Epilepsy Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing March 26, 2020, as "Epilepsy Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of August 1 through 7, 2020, as "World Breastfeeding Week" in Pennsylvania and supporting breastfeeding as a way to enhance the well-being of all individuals worldwide.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of August 1 through 7, 2020, as "World Breastfeeding Week" in Pennsylvania and supporting breastfeeding as a way to enhance the well-being of all individuals worldwide.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2020 as "National Primary Immunodeficiency Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2020 as "National Primary Immunodeficiency Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 11 through 17, 2020, as "Week of the Young Child" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 11 through 17, 2020, as "Week of the Young Child" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2020 as "Intellectual Disability Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2020 as "Intellectual Disability Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the 50th anniversary of Penske Truck Leasing.. Description: A Resolution honoring the 50th anniversary of Penske Truck Leasing.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the 200th anniversary of the Pennsylvania School for the Deaf.. Description: A Resolution honoring the 200th anniversary of the Pennsylvania School for the Deaf.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 5, 2020, as "Anti-bullying Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania in support of those working hard to raise awareness of bullying and prevent its occurrence.. Description: A Resolution designating October 5, 2020, as "Anti-bullying Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania in support of those working hard to raise awareness of bullying and prevent its occurrence.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 17 through 23, 2020, as "Emergency Medical Services Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 17 through 23, 2020, as "Emergency Medical Services Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 10 through 16, 2020, as "Food Allergy Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 10 through 16, 2020, as "Food Allergy Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 8, 2020, as "Explore York County Tourism Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 8, 2020, as "Explore York County Tourism Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Sudden Cardiac Arrest Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Sudden Cardiac Arrest Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2020 as "Polycystic Kidney Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2020 as "Polycystic Kidney Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2020 as "Pennsylvania Community College Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2020 as "Pennsylvania Community College Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Enhancing the friendship and bilateral relationship between the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and Taiwan and congratulating President Dr. Tsai Ing-wen and Vice President-elect Dr. Lai Ching-te.. Description: A Resolution enhancing the friendship and bilateral relationship between the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and Taiwan and congratulating President Dr. Tsai Ing-wen and Vice President-elect Dr. Lai Ching-te.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life of Barbara Elaine Smith and expressing condolences upon her passing.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life of Barbara Elaine Smith and expressing condolences upon her passing.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting temporary Rules of the House of Representatives relating to roll call votes, to voting meetings of committees, to consideration of bills, to third consideration and final passage bills, to conference committee reports and to electronic mass communication.. Description: A Resolution adopting temporary Rules of the House of Representatives relating to roll call votes, to voting meetings of committees, to consideration of bills, to third consideration and final passage bills, to conference committee reports and to electronic mass communication.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 4, 2020, as "Truck Driver Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 4, 2020, as "Truck Driver Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2020 as "Bike Month," the week of May 11 through 17, 2020, as "Bike to Work Week" and May 15, 2020, as "Bike to Work Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2020 as "Bike Month," the week of May 11 through 17, 2020, as "Bike to Work Week" and May 15, 2020, as "Bike to Work Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 19 through 26, 2020, as "Days of Remembrance of the Victims of the Holocaust" and recognizing April 21, 2020, as "Holocaust Remembrance Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 19 through 26, 2020, as "Days of Remembrance of the Victims of the Holocaust" and recognizing April 21, 2020, as "Holocaust Remembrance Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 12, 2020, as "Fibromyalgia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 12, 2020, as "Fibromyalgia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 125th anniversary of the Pennsylvania School Boards Association.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 125th anniversary of the Pennsylvania School Boards Association.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 10 through May 16, 2020, as "National Hospital Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 10 through May 16, 2020, as "National Hospital Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Appointing a special committee to, in regard to the COVID-19 public health emergency, monitor and track the response of the Commonwealth, identify issues, develop a recovery plan and submit a report.. Description: A Resolution appointing a special committee to, in regard to the COVID-19 public health emergency, monitor and track the response of the Commonwealth, identify issues, develop a recovery plan and submit a report.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of September 20 through 26, 2020, as "Historically Black Colleges and Universities Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of September 20 through 26, 2020, as "Historically Black Colleges and Universities Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 14, 2020, as "Apraxia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 14, 2020, as "Apraxia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2020 as "Foster Care Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2020 as "Foster Care Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 10 through 16, 2020, as "National Skilled Nursing Care Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 10 through 16, 2020, as "National Skilled Nursing Care Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 1 through 5, 2020, as "Child Welfare Professionals Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 1 through 5, 2020, as "Child Welfare Professionals Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 8 through 12, 2020, as "Child Welfare Service Providers Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 8 through 12, 2020, as "Child Welfare Service Providers Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 25 through 28, 2020, as "Pocono Raceway Days" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 25 through 28, 2020, as "Pocono Raceway Days" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Pennsylvania Pharmacists and Pharmacy Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Pennsylvania Pharmacists and Pharmacy Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing August 26, 2020, as "Women's Equality Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing August 26, 2020, as "Women's Equality Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting temporary Rules of the House of Representatives relating to roll call votes, to voting meetings of committees, to consideration of bills, to third consideration and final passage bills, to conference committee reports and to members' and employees' expenses; and repealing the temporary Rule adopted March 16, 2020.. Description: A Resolution adopting temporary Rules of the House of Representatives relating to roll call votes, to voting meetings of committees, to consideration of bills, to third consideration and final passage bills, to conference committee reports and to members' and employees' expenses; and repealing the temporary Rule adopted March 16, 2020.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing November 19, 2020, as "The Great American Smokeout Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing November 19, 2020, as "The Great American Smokeout Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of July 2020 as "MECP2 Duplication Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of July 2020 as "MECP2 Duplication Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2020 as "Military Service-Related Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2020 as "Military Service-Related Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Requesting the United States Department of Transportation relinquish to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania the ownership of the Philadelphia to Harrisburg railroad line, the former Pennsylvania Railroad Main Line now known as the "Harrisburg Line," currently utilized by the National Railroad Passenger Corporation (Amtrak) and the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (SEPTA) for passenger rail operations.. Description: A Resolution requesting the United States Department of Transportation relinquish to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania the ownership of the Philadelphia to Harrisburg railroad line, the former Pennsylvania Railroad Main Line now known as the "Harrisburg Line," currently utilized by the National Railroad Passenger Corporation (Amtrak) and the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (SEPTA) for passenger rail operations.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Lifesharing Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Lifesharing Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 12, 2020, as "Behavior Analyst Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 12, 2020, as "Behavior Analyst Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2020 as "Histiocytosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2020 as "Histiocytosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2020 as "Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2020 as "Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2020 as "Hirschsprung's Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to coincide with a global initiative in Australia.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2020 as "Hirschsprung's Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to coincide with a global initiative in Australia.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 26, 2020, as "Bangladesh Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 26, 2020, as "Bangladesh Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing August 31, 2020, as "International Overdose Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing August 31, 2020, as "International Overdose Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of September 19 through 25, 2020, as "Thank a Local Farmer Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of September 19 through 25, 2020, as "Thank a Local Farmer Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 75th anniversary of the Slinky.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 75th anniversary of the Slinky.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2020 as "National Recovery Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2020 as "National Recovery Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2020 as "Childhood Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2020 as "Childhood Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of August 2020 as "Stevens-Johnson Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of August 2020 as "Stevens-Johnson Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2020 as "National Suicide Prevention Awareness Month" and September 10, 2020, as "World Suicide Prevention Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2020 as "National Suicide Prevention Awareness Month" and September 10, 2020, as "World Suicide Prevention Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2020 as "Business Month" in Pennsylvania to celebrate the history of this Commonwealth's businesses and industries and acknowledge the need to adapt to the ever-changing needs of our business community.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2020 as "Business Month" in Pennsylvania to celebrate the history of this Commonwealth's businesses and industries and acknowledge the need to adapt to the ever-changing needs of our business community.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 10, 2020, as "Put the Brakes on Fatalities Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 10, 2020, as "Put the Brakes on Fatalities Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 16, 2020, as "Congenital Disorders of Glycosylation (CDG) Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 16, 2020, as "Congenital Disorders of Glycosylation (CDG) Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing June 29, 2020, as "World Scleroderma Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing June 29, 2020, as "World Scleroderma Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 5 through 12, 2020, as "Pediatric Nurses Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 5 through 12, 2020, as "Pediatric Nurses Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2020 as "Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2020 as "Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the baseball life of Danny Murtaugh and supporting his 2020 election to the Baseball Hall of Fame.. Description: A Resolution honoring the baseball life of Danny Murtaugh and supporting his 2020 election to the Baseball Hall of Fame.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2020 as "Choose Love and Compassion Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2020 as "Choose Love and Compassion Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2020 as "Light the Night Walk Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2020 as "Light the Night Walk Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of November 2020 as "National Epilepsy Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of November 2020 as "National Epilepsy Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2020 as "International Underground Railroad Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2020 as "International Underground Railroad Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 4 through 10, 2020, as "National Midwifery Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 4 through 10, 2020, as "National Midwifery Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 18, 2020, as "HIV/AIDS and Aging Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing September 18, 2020, as "HIV/AIDS and Aging Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating September 7, 2020, as "Great Lakes-St. Lawrence River Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating September 7, 2020, as "Great Lakes-St. Lawrence River Appreciation Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 21 through 27, 2020, as "Diaper Need Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 21 through 27, 2020, as "Diaper Need Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Expressing condolences and honoring the life and legacy of Congressman John Lewis.. Description: A Resolution expressing condolences and honoring the life and legacy of Congressman John Lewis.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring educators and education support professionals in this Commonwealth for their efforts during the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: A Resolution honoring educators and education support professionals in this Commonwealth for their efforts during the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing August 11, 2020, as "National Sons and Daughters Day" in Pennsylvania to encourage outdoor activities and the use of parks and recreational facilities throughout this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution recognizing August 11, 2020, as "National Sons and Daughters Day" in Pennsylvania to encourage outdoor activities and the use of parks and recreational facilities throughout this Commonwealth.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2020 as "Hunger Action Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2020 as "Hunger Action Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating September 14, 2020, as "EMS Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating September 14, 2020, as "EMS Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2020 as "Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2020 as "Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Observing September 15 through October 15, 2020, as "Hispanic Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution observing September 15 through October 15, 2020, as "Hispanic Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 6, 2020, as "German-American Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 6, 2020, as "German-American Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Dyslexia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Dyslexia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution encouraging the International Olympic Committee to reinstate Jim Thorpe as the sole gold medal winner of the pentathlon and the decathlon events of the 1912 Olympic games in Stockholm, Sweden.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution encouraging the International Olympic Committee to reinstate Jim Thorpe as the sole gold medal winner of the pentathlon and the decathlon events of the 1912 Olympic games in Stockholm, Sweden.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 21 through 27, 2020, as "Rail Safety Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 21 through 27, 2020, as "Rail Safety Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "National Dwarfism Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to raise positive awareness about dwarfism and promote the welfare of people having dwarfism in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "National Dwarfism Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to raise positive awareness about dwarfism and promote the welfare of people having dwarfism in this Commonwealth.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 2, 2020, as "Manufacturing Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 2, 2020, as "Manufacturing Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing December 1, 2020, as "World AIDS Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing December 1, 2020, as "World AIDS Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 21 through 28, 2020, as "Safe2Say Something Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 21 through 28, 2020, as "Safe2Say Something Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 5, 2020, as "Peroxisomal Disorder Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 5, 2020, as "Peroxisomal Disorder Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 30, 2020, as "NICU Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing September 30, 2020, as "NICU Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the essential work performed by individuals with disabilities during the 2020 pandemic and thanking them for their continued efforts through the remainder of the pandemic as they continue their work into the future.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the essential work performed by individuals with disabilities during the 2020 pandemic and thanking them for their continued efforts through the remainder of the pandemic as they continue their work into the future.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2020 as "Leukodystrophy Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2020 as "Leukodystrophy Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Observing the month of September 2020 as "Newborn Screening Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution observing the month of September 2020 as "Newborn Screening Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2020 as "Krabbe Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2020 as "Krabbe Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Civic Education Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Civic Education Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 5, 2020, as "Blue Shirt Day® World Day of Bullying PreventionTM" in Pennsylvania in support of those working hard to raise awareness of bullying and prevent its occurrence.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 5, 2020, as "Blue Shirt Day® World Day of Bullying PreventionTM" in Pennsylvania in support of those working hard to raise awareness of bullying and prevent its occurrence.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 18 through 24, 2020, as "National Teen Driver Safety Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 18 through 24, 2020, as "National Teen Driver Safety Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the bicentennial of the Grace United Methodist Church in Harrisburg.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the bicentennial of the Grace United Methodist Church in Harrisburg.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Energy Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Energy Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Agent Orange Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Agent Orange Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 11 through 17, 2020, as "Credit Union Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 11 through 17, 2020, as "Credit Union Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 8, 2020, as "National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 8, 2020, as "National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating November 22, 2020, as "Veterans Suicide Prevention and Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating November 22, 2020, as "Veterans Suicide Prevention and Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the cultural, religious and interfaith importance of Shri Guru Granth Sahib Ji as "Living Guru" of Sikhs in promoting peace and declaring Sikhs as a distinct ethnic and religious minority.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the cultural, religious and interfaith importance of Shri Guru Granth Sahib Ji as "Living Guru" of Sikhs in promoting peace and declaring Sikhs as a distinct ethnic and religious minority.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 27 through October 2, 2020, as "Juvenile Services Providers Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 27 through October 2, 2020, as "Juvenile Services Providers Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 10 through 16, 2020, as "Direct Support Professionals Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 10 through 16, 2020, as "Direct Support Professionals Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2020 as "Emergency Preparedness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2020 as "Emergency Preparedness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Rett Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Rett Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 25, 2020, as the "Day of Remembrance for Murder Victims" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing September 25, 2020, as the "Day of Remembrance for Murder Victims" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Domestic Violence Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Domestic Violence Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and accomplishments of United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and expressing condolences on her passing.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and accomplishments of United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and expressing condolences on her passing.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 20, 2020, as "Mast Cell Diseases Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 20, 2020, as "Mast Cell Diseases Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of August 2020 as "Gastroparesis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to improve our understanding and awareness of this condition and encourage preventive strategies.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of August 2020 as "Gastroparesis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to improve our understanding and awareness of this condition and encourage preventive strategies.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 11 through 17, 2020, as "International Sterile Processing Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 11 through 17, 2020, as "International Sterile Processing Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Celebrating Penn State Health Milton S. Hershey Medical Center's 50th anniversary on October 14, 2020; and recognizing the health care workers at Penn State Health Milton S. Hershey Medical Center who deliver safe and compassionate health care services that improve the health and quality of life for residents of the central Pennsylvania region.. Description: A Resolution celebrating Penn State Health Milton S. Hershey Medical Center's 50th anniversary on October 14, 2020; and recognizing the health care workers at Penn State Health Milton S. Hershey Medical Center who deliver safe and compassionate health care services that improve the health and quality of life for residents of the central Pennsylvania region.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Careers in Construction Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Careers in Construction Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Fire Prevention Month" and recognizing the week of October 4 through 10, 2020, as "National Fire Prevention Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Fire Prevention Month" and recognizing the week of October 4 through 10, 2020, as "National Fire Prevention Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing November 23, 2020, as "National Adoption Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing November 23, 2020, as "National Adoption Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of November 2020, as "National Adoption Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of November 2020, as "National Adoption Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2020 as "Family Caregiver Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2020 as "Family Caregiver Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2020 as "Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2020 as "Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Wine, Wineries and Grapes Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Wine, Wineries and Grapes Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Distracted Driving Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Distracted Driving Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of November 2020 as "Carbon Monoxide Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of November 2020 as "Carbon Monoxide Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Dysautonomia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Dysautonomia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2020 as "Pulmonary Hypertension Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and commending the work of the Pulmonary Hypertension Association.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2020 as "Pulmonary Hypertension Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and commending the work of the Pulmonary Hypertension Association.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 29, 2020, as "World Stroke Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 29, 2020, as "World Stroke Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing November 15, 2020, as "World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing November 15, 2020, as "World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 10, 2020, as "National Period Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 10, 2020, as "National Period Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 25 through 31, 2020, as "Pro Bono Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 25 through 31, 2020, as "Pro Bono Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing Jay Sung, Osang Park, Bong Pil Yang and Sung Woong Kim for their lifesaving and generous donation of personal protective equipment to organizations and institutions in Montgomery County during the global health pandemic.. Description: A Resolution recognizing Jay Sung, Osang Park, Bong Pil Yang and Sung Woong Kim for their lifesaving and generous donation of personal protective equipment to organizations and institutions in Montgomery County during the global health pandemic.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 24, 2020, as "World Polio Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 24, 2020, as "World Polio Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 125th anniversary of the Pennsylvania Game Commission.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 125th anniversary of the Pennsylvania Game Commission.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 25th anniversary of the establishment of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 25th anniversary of the establishment of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 21, 2020, as "Reptile Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 21, 2020, as "Reptile Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life of Dr. Frank Erdman Boston as a World War I veteran, military surgeon, community doctor and founder of the Elm Terrace/Abington-Lansdale Hospital and the Volunteer Medical Service Corps' ambulance corps.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life of Dr. Frank Erdman Boston as a World War I veteran, military surgeon, community doctor and founder of the Elm Terrace/Abington-Lansdale Hospital and the Volunteer Medical Service Corps' ambulance corps.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2020 as "National Protect Your Hearing Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2020 as "National Protect Your Hearing Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2020 as "Infant Safe Sleep Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2020 as "Infant Safe Sleep Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of November 4 through 11, 2020, as "Veterans Week of Service" in Pennsylvania to coincide with the annual Veterans Day observance on November 11, 2020.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of November 4 through 11, 2020, as "Veterans Week of Service" in Pennsylvania to coincide with the annual Veterans Day observance on November 11, 2020.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Bullying Prevention Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to help Pennsylvanians recognize bullying, stop bullying and gain the tools needed to appropriately deal with situations involving bullies.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Bullying Prevention Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to help Pennsylvanians recognize bullying, stop bullying and gain the tools needed to appropriately deal with situations involving bullies.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 11 through 17, 2020, as "Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 11 through 17, 2020, as "Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2020 as "NovemBEARD Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2020 as "NovemBEARD Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Polish-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Polish-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Supporting the observance of "National Women's Small Business Month" to celebrate women entrepreneurs and small business owners and affirming their progress.. Description: A Resolution supporting the observance of "National Women's Small Business Month" to celebrate women entrepreneurs and small business owners and affirming their progress.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 18 through 23, 2020, as "National Business Women's Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 18 through 23, 2020, as "National Business Women's Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Italian-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2020 as "Italian-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating November 30, 2020, as "Cancer of Unknown Primary Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating November 30, 2020, as "Cancer of Unknown Primary Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of November 2020 as "National Alzheimer's Disease Awareness and Family Caregivers Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of November 2020 as "National Alzheimer's Disease Awareness and Family Caregivers Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2020 as "Assistive Technology Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2020 as "Assistive Technology Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Down Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Down Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring and recognizing Small Business Development Centers in Pennsylvania for the valuable work provided to small businesses in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution honoring and recognizing Small Business Development Centers in Pennsylvania for the valuable work provided to small businesses in this Commonwealth.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of November 16 through 20, 2020, as "Pennsylvania Education for Students Experiencing Homelessness Awareness Week" and November 20, 2020, as "Red Shirt Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of November 16 through 20, 2020, as "Pennsylvania Education for Students Experiencing Homelessness Awareness Week" and November 20, 2020, as "Red Shirt Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a review of the data collection by the Department of Health during the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a review of the data collection by the Department of Health during the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 20 through 26, 2019, as "Nurse Anesthetists Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 20 through 26, 2019, as "Nurse Anesthetists Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Employee Ownership Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Employee Ownership Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 10 through 16, 2020, as "National Women's Health Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 10 through 16, 2020, as "National Women's Health Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2020 as "Equine Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2020 as "Equine Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of December 2020 as "Salvation Army Red Kettle Campaign Month.". Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of December 2020 as "Salvation Army Red Kettle Campaign Month."
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to coordinate a risk-limiting audit of ballots canvassed in the 2020 general election.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to coordinate a risk-limiting audit of ballots canvassed in the 2020 general election.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting Ethical Conduct Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution adopting Ethical Conduct Rules of the Senate.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting Financial Operating Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution adopting Financial Operating Rules of the Senate.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 203rd and 204th Regular Session.. Description: A Resolution adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 203rd and 204th Regular Session.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 14 through 20, 2019, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 14 through 20, 2019, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 27 through February 2, 2019, as "Catholic Schools Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 27 through February 2, 2019, as "Catholic Schools Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating January 23, 2019, as "Maternal Health Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania to recognize all the women who die from complications of pregnancy or childbirth.. Description: A Resolution designating January 23, 2019, as "Maternal Health Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania to recognize all the women who die from complications of pregnancy or childbirth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievement of the Honorable Edwin B. Erickson, III, and expressing condolences on his passing.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievement of the Honorable Edwin B. Erickson, III, and expressing condolences on his passing.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of January 2019 as "Cervical Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of January 2019 as "Cervical Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of January 2019 as "National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of January 2019 as "National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 1 through 7, 2019, as "First Responder Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 1 through 7, 2019, as "First Responder Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of January 2019 as "National Blood Donor Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of January 2019 as "National Blood Donor Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of January 2019 as "School Director Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of January 2019 as "School Director Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 1, 2019, as "National Wear Red Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 1, 2019, as "National Wear Red Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 27 through February 2, 2019, as "Physician Anesthesiologist Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 27 through February 2, 2019, as "Physician Anesthesiologist Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of March 10 through 16, 2019, as "Pulmonary Rehabilitation Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of March 10 through 16, 2019, as "Pulmonary Rehabilitation Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of February 10 through 16, 2019, as "Cardiac Rehabilitation Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of February 10 through 16, 2019, as "Cardiac Rehabilitation Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 15, 2019, as "International Childhood Cancer Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 15, 2019, as "International Childhood Cancer Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study of the impact of venue for medical professional liability actions on access to medical care and maintenance of health care systems in this Commonwealth and requesting that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court delay action on the proposed amendment to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1006.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study of the impact of venue for medical professional liability actions on access to medical care and maintenance of health care systems in this Commonwealth and requesting that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court delay action on the proposed amendment to Pa.R.C.P. No. 1006.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of February 16 through 23, 2019, as "National FFA Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of February 16 through 23, 2019, as "National FFA Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 100th anniversary of the Violet Oakley murals.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of the Violet Oakley murals.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Observing March 1, 2019, as "St. David's Day" in Pennsylvania and honoring the many Pennsylvanians of Welsh heritage.. Description: A Resolution observing March 1, 2019, as "St. David's Day" in Pennsylvania and honoring the many Pennsylvanians of Welsh heritage.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 7, 2019, as "National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 7, 2019, as "National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of February 2019 as "Mutual Insurance Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of February 2019 as "Mutual Insurance Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of February 25 through March 3, 2019, as "Eating Disorders Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania in conjunction with the observance of "National Eating Disorders Awareness Week.". Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of February 25 through March 3, 2019, as "Eating Disorders Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania in conjunction with the observance of "National Eating Disorders Awareness Week."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 11, 2019, as "PA 2-1-1 Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 11, 2019, as "PA 2-1-1 Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 22, 2019, as "Keith Valley Challenge Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 22, 2019, as "Keith Valley Challenge Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of February 2019 as "Turner Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of February 2019 as "Turner Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of March 8 through 14, 2019, as "National Catholic Sisters Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of March 8 through 14, 2019, as "National Catholic Sisters Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2019, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.. Description: A Resolution adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2019, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Athletic Training Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Athletic Training Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Professional Social Work Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Professional Social Work Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of March 18 through 22, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Ag Literacy Week" and commending Pennsylvania Friends of Agriculture Foundation, originator of this observance, and Pennsylvania Farm Bureau, its sponsor.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of March 18 through 22, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Ag Literacy Week" and commending Pennsylvania Friends of Agriculture Foundation, originator of this observance, and Pennsylvania Farm Bureau, its sponsor.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Brain Injury Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Brain Injury Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Irish American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Irish American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Problem Gambling Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Problem Gambling Awareness Month.". Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Problem Gambling Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Problem Gambling Awareness Month."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of March 17 through 23, 2019, as "Maple Producers Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of March 17 through 23, 2019, as "Maple Producers Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Nutrition Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2019 as "National Nutrition Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 19, 2019, as "Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 19, 2019, as "Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 21, 2019, as "World Down Syndrome Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 21, 2019, as "World Down Syndrome Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 2019 as "Sikh Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 2019 as "Sikh Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 100th anniversary of the American Legion and recognizing and honoring the American Legion for its years of dedicated service to the United States Armed Forces service members, veterans and their families.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 100th anniversary of the American Legion and recognizing and honoring the American Legion for its years of dedicated service to the United States Armed Forces service members, veterans and their families.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing a legislative task force on the delivery of high-speed broadband services and directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish an advisory committee to conduct a study on the delivery of high-speed broadband services in unserved areas and underserved areas of this Commonwealth and to report its findings and recommendations to the Senate.. Description: A Resolution establishing a legislative task force on the delivery of high-speed broadband services and directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish an advisory committee to conduct a study on the delivery of high-speed broadband services in unserved areas and underserved areas of this Commonwealth and to report its findings and recommendations to the Senate.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a review of the compliance of telecommunication carriers with the high-speed broadband deployment mandates of the Public Utility Code and to report findings and recommendations to the Senate.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a review of the compliance of telecommunication carriers with the high-speed broadband deployment mandates of the Public Utility Code and to report findings and recommendations to the Senate.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 27, 2019, as "Female Veterans Recognition Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 27, 2019, as "Female Veterans Recognition Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Fibromuscular Dysplasia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Fibromuscular Dysplasia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Autism Acceptance Month" and April 2, 2019, as "World Autism Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Autism Acceptance Month" and April 2, 2019, as "World Autism Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of March 25 through 29, 2019, as "Higher Education Affordability Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of March 25 through 29, 2019, as "Higher Education Affordability Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 25, 2019, as "Greek Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 25, 2019, as "Greek Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2019 as "Save Your Vision Month" in Pennsylvania and urging all residents to observe this month of awareness by paying special attention to personal eye and vision care needs and the eye and vision care needs of others.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2019 as "Save Your Vision Month" in Pennsylvania and urging all residents to observe this month of awareness by paying special attention to personal eye and vision care needs and the eye and vision care needs of others.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "International DeMolay Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "International DeMolay Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 8, 2019, as "International Women's Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing March 8, 2019, as "International Women's Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2019 as "Eye Donor Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2019 as "Eye Donor Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Encouraging gender equity within the United States Soccer Federation.. Description: A Resolution encouraging gender equity within the United States Soccer Federation.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2019 as "American Red Cross Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2019 as "American Red Cross Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2019 as "Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2019 as "Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the centennial of the March First Movement and First Korean Congress and noting their historic roles in Korea's nationwide resistance against imperial Japan, and designating April 12 through 14, 2019, as "The First Korean Congress Days".. Description: A Resolution commemorating the centennial of the March First Movement and First Korean Congress and noting their historic roles in Korea's nationwide resistance against imperial Japan, and designating April 12 through 14, 2019, as "The First Korean Congress Days".
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Endometriosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Endometriosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the year 2019 as "Junior Achievement's 80th Anniversary in Pennsylvania" and "100th Centennial Anniversary" in the United States of America.. Description: A Resolution designating the year 2019 as "Junior Achievement's 80th Anniversary in Pennsylvania" and "100th Centennial Anniversary" in the United States of America.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "Local Government Week" and April 10, 2019, as "Local Government Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "Local Government Week" and April 10, 2019, as "Local Government Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Jazz Appreciation Month" in Pennsylvania and the contributions of Nat King Cole for defying racial prejudices and bringing jazz to audiences worldwide.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Jazz Appreciation Month" in Pennsylvania and the contributions of Nat King Cole for defying racial prejudices and bringing jazz to audiences worldwide.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "Crime Victims' Rights Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "Crime Victims' Rights Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "National Library Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 7 through 13, 2019, as "National Library Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing April 8 through 12, 2019, as the "Week of the Young Child" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing April 8 through 12, 2019, as the "Week of the Young Child" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Pennsylvania 8-1-1 Safe Digging Month.". Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Pennsylvania 8-1-1 Safe Digging Month."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of April 22 through 26, 2019, as "Every Kid Healthy Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of April 22 through 26, 2019, as "Every Kid Healthy Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of April 14 through 20, 2019, as "National Osteopathic Medicine Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of April 14 through 20, 2019, as "National Osteopathic Medicine Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Lyme and Tick-borne Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Lyme and Tick-borne Disease Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "World HIE Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "World HIE Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Donate Life Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Donate Life Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Pennsylvania Community College Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Pennsylvania Community College Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Distracted Driving Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Distracted Driving Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing April 17, 2019, as "World Hemophilia Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing April 17, 2019, as "World Hemophilia Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Sexual Assault Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Sexual Assault Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 8, 2019, as "Cushing's Syndrome Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 8, 2019, as "Cushing's Syndrome Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution designating April 10, 2019, as "Stronger Than Hate Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution designating April 10, 2019, as "Stronger Than Hate Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Limb Loss Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of April 2019 as "Limb Loss Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of April 28 through May 5, 2019, as "Days of Remembrance of the Victims of the Holocaust" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of April 28 through May 5, 2019, as "Days of Remembrance of the Victims of the Holocaust" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring the 25th anniversary of the Automobile Theft Prevention Authority.. Description: A Resolution recognizing and honoring the 25th anniversary of the Automobile Theft Prevention Authority.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 30, 2019, as "Life Sciences Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 30, 2019, as "Life Sciences Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Bike Month," the week of May 13 through 19, 2019, as "Bike to Work Week" and May 17, 2019, as "Bike to Work Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Bike Month," the week of May 13 through 19, 2019, as "Bike to Work Week" and May 17, 2019, as "Bike to Work Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 30, 2019, as "Pocono Raceway Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating April 30, 2019, as "Pocono Raceway Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Drinking Water Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Drinking Water Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Child Abuse Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Child Abuse Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 2, 2019, as "National Day of Prayer" in Pennsylvania and encouraging the celebration of religious freedom.. Description: A Resolution recognizing May 2, 2019, as "National Day of Prayer" in Pennsylvania and encouraging the celebration of religious freedom.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating April 30, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Health Care Information Technology Awareness Day.". Description: A Resolution designating April 30, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Health Care Information Technology Awareness Day."
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 6 through 12, 2019, as "Nurses Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 6 through 12, 2019, as "Nurses Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of April 2019 as "Occupational Therapy Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of April 2019 as "Occupational Therapy Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Declaring March 4, 2019, as "Andrew Askin Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution declaring March 4, 2019, as "Andrew Askin Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Junior Achievement Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Junior Achievement Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Blue Star Mothers of America Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Blue Star Mothers of America Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "National Police Week" and designating May 6, 2019, as "Police Officers' Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "National Police Week" and designating May 6, 2019, as "Police Officers' Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Conservation District Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Conservation District Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 5 through 11, 2019, as "Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study of the statutory cap on the Pennsylvania State Police complement and issue a report of its findings and recommendations to the Senate.. Description: A Resolution directing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee to conduct a study of the statutory cap on the Pennsylvania State Police complement and issue a report of its findings and recommendations to the Senate.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing all Pennsylvania nurses who served with honor and distinction during World War II, especially those who served in Bataan and Corregidor.. Description: A Resolution recognizing all Pennsylvania nurses who served with honor and distinction during World War II, especially those who served in Bataan and Corregidor.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Postpartum Depression Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Postpartum Depression Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Stroke Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Stroke Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 14, 2019, as "Apraxia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 14, 2019, as "Apraxia Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Older Americans Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Older Americans Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 15 through June 15, 2019, as "Tourette Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 15 through June 15, 2019, as "Tourette Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., for more than a century of commitment to social activism, academic excellence and civic engagement in this Commonwealth on the occasion of Delta Day at the State Capitol.. Description: A Resolution recognizing and honoring the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., for more than a century of commitment to social activism, academic excellence and civic engagement in this Commonwealth on the occasion of Delta Day at the State Capitol.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Community Action Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Community Action Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Building Safety Month" in Pennsylvania and encouraging residents to participate in "Building Safety Month" activities.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Building Safety Month" in Pennsylvania and encouraging residents to participate in "Building Safety Month" activities.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2019 as "Youth Art Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2019 as "Youth Art Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 18 through 24, 2019, as "National Safe Boating Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 18 through 24, 2019, as "National Safe Boating Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 10 through 17, 2019, as "Disability Pride Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 10 through 17, 2019, as "Disability Pride Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Summer Camps Month" in Pennsylvania in recognition of the rich benefits that summer camps provide for the positive development of youths and the enhancement of local communities.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Summer Camps Month" in Pennsylvania in recognition of the rich benefits that summer camps provide for the positive development of youths and the enhancement of local communities.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "National Hospital Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "National Hospital Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Melanoma and Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Melanoma and Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 2 through 8, 2019, as "Chesapeake Bay Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 2 through 8, 2019, as "Chesapeake Bay Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Neurofibromatosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Neurofibromatosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Lupus Awareness Month" and May 10, 2019, as "World Lupus Day" in Pennsylvania to give more attention and awareness to the disease.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Lupus Awareness Month" and May 10, 2019, as "World Lupus Day" in Pennsylvania to give more attention and awareness to the disease.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "Women's Lung Health Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 12 through 18, 2019, as "Women's Lung Health Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Childhood Trauma Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Childhood Trauma Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 25, 2019, as "Missing Adult Persons Remembrance Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 25, 2019, as "Missing Adult Persons Remembrance Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of May 19 through 25, 2019, as "Emergency Medical Services Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of May 19 through 25, 2019, as "Emergency Medical Services Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 22, 2019, as "Emergency Medical Services for Children Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 22, 2019, as "Emergency Medical Services for Children Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Pennsylvania Public School Employees' Retirement System on July 1, 2019.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Pennsylvania Public School Employees' Retirement System on July 1, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 8, 2019, as the 74th anniversary of "Victory in Europe Day" or "V-E Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing May 8, 2019, as the 74th anniversary of "Victory in Europe Day" or "V-E Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 40th Anniversary of the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act and enhancing the friendship and bilateral relationship between the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and Taiwan.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 40th Anniversary of the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act and enhancing the friendship and bilateral relationship between the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and Taiwan.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of May 19 through 25, 2019, as "Public Works Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of May 19 through 25, 2019, as "Public Works Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 11, 2019, as "National Association of Letter Carriers Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive Day" in Pennsylvania and commending the National Association of Letter Carriers for its humanitarian efforts to eliminate hunger.. Description: A Resolution designating May 11, 2019, as "National Association of Letter Carriers Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive Day" in Pennsylvania and commending the National Association of Letter Carriers for its humanitarian efforts to eliminate hunger.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 7, 2019, as "Rare Disease Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 7, 2019, as "Rare Disease Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 14, 2019, as "Israel Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 14, 2019, as "Israel Independence Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May 2019 as "Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of May 2019 as "Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating May 8, 2019, as "School Nurse Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating May 8, 2019, as "School Nurse Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Urging the Congress of the United States to ensure the United States Department of Veterans Affairs sufficiently implements the letter and spirit of the VA Maintaining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks (MISSION) Act of 2018 and provide veterans in this Commonwealth with the care they have earned for their military service.. Description: A Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to ensure the United States Department of Veterans Affairs sufficiently implements the letter and spirit of the VA Maintaining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks (MISSION) Act of 2018 and provide veterans in this Commonwealth with the care they have earned for their military service.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Congratulating Jayson Stark, a resident of Newtown, Pennsylvania, who was elected the 2019 winner of the J.G. Taylor Spink Award in balloting by the Baseball Writers' Association of America.. Description: A Resolution congratulating Jayson Stark, a resident of Newtown, Pennsylvania, who was elected the 2019 winner of the J.G. Taylor Spink Award in balloting by the Baseball Writers' Association of America.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2019 as "Alzheimer's and Brain Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2019 as "Alzheimer's and Brain Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 3, 2019, as "Alex's Lemonade Stand Day" in Pennsylvania and encouraging all residents to contribute to the Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation and other pediatric cancer research programs.. Description: A Resolution designating June 3, 2019, as "Alex's Lemonade Stand Day" in Pennsylvania and encouraging all residents to contribute to the Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation and other pediatric cancer research programs.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of June 3 through 9, 2019, as "Hemp History Week" in Pennsylvania to acknowledge industrial hemp's role in our cultural heritage and promote its uses and benefits.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of June 3 through 9, 2019, as "Hemp History Week" in Pennsylvania to acknowledge industrial hemp's role in our cultural heritage and promote its uses and benefits.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Observing June 4, 2019, as "Eid al-Fitr Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution observing June 4, 2019, as "Eid al-Fitr Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of June 1 through 7, 2019, as "Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation and Automated External Defibrillator Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of June 1 through 7, 2019, as "Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation and Automated External Defibrillator Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing and celebrating July 19, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Park and Recreation Professionals Day" in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution recognizing and celebrating July 19, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Park and Recreation Professionals Day" in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Remembering the sacrifices of the brave men and women in our armed forces.. Description: A Resolution remembering the sacrifices of the brave men and women in our armed forces.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Suicide Prevention Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to promote suicide prevention and raise greater awareness of the problem of suicide.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Suicide Prevention Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania to promote suicide prevention and raise greater awareness of the problem of suicide.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 7, 2019, as "Gun Violence Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania in recognition of this public safety and public health issue and in commemoration of the lives lost to gun violence in this Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution designating June 7, 2019, as "Gun Violence Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania in recognition of this public safety and public health issue and in commemoration of the lives lost to gun violence in this Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 75th anniversary of D-Day on June 6, 2019.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 75th anniversary of D-Day on June 6, 2019.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to ratify the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement on Trade.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to ratify the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement on Trade.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of June 2019 as "Reentry Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of June 2019 as "Reentry Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Celebrating the 30th anniversary of the Appalachian Region Independent Power Producers Association and designating the week of June 10 through 17, 2019, as "ARIPPA - 30 Years of Producing Environmentally Beneficial Alternative Energy - Recognition Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution celebrating the 30th anniversary of the Appalachian Region Independent Power Producers Association and designating the week of June 10 through 17, 2019, as "ARIPPA - 30 Years of Producing Environmentally Beneficial Alternative Energy - Recognition Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of July 8 through 14, 2019, as "Juror Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of July 8 through 14, 2019, as "Juror Appreciation Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating July 31, 2019, as "Heatstroke Prevention Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating July 31, 2019, as "Heatstroke Prevention Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the historical importance of the 15th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States and encouraging the establishment of a monument upon the grounds of the Pennsylvania State Capitol Complex.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the historical importance of the 15th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States and encouraging the establishment of a monument upon the grounds of the Pennsylvania State Capitol Complex.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 12, 2019, as "National Guard Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 12, 2019, as "National Guard Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of June 2019 as "Amateur Radio Month" and the week of June 16 through 22, 2019, as "Amateur Radio Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of June 2019 as "Amateur Radio Month" and the week of June 16 through 22, 2019, as "Amateur Radio Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing June 27, 2019, as "Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day" and the month of June 2019 as "Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing June 27, 2019, as "Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day" and the month of June 2019 as "Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 15, 2019, as "Elder Abuse Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 15, 2019, as "Elder Abuse Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and achievements of Brian Henry Swatt and expressing condolences on his passing.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life and achievements of Brian Henry Swatt and expressing condolences on his passing.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 244th anniversary of the founding of the United States Army.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 244th anniversary of the founding of the United States Army.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 15, 2019, as "LRRP of Company I, (Rangers), 75th Infantry Division Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 15, 2019, as "LRRP of Company I, (Rangers), 75th Infantry Division Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing June 14, 2019, as "National Flag Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing June 14, 2019, as "National Flag Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as a Purple Heart State and recognizing August 7th as "Purple Heart Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as a Purple Heart State and recognizing August 7th as "Purple Heart Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Establishing a task force on services for veterans, including the coordination of services in this Commonwealth among Federal, State, local and nonprofit programs aimed at serving veterans, and directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish an advisory committee to the task force and conduct a comprehensive review and analysis of services for veterans.. Description: A Resolution establishing a task force on services for veterans, including the coordination of services in this Commonwealth among Federal, State, local and nonprofit programs aimed at serving veterans, and directing the Joint State Government Commission to establish an advisory committee to the task force and conduct a comprehensive review and analysis of services for veterans.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commending the Pennsylvania Academy of Audiology for its efforts to educate Pennsylvanians about the importance of having regular hearing screenings, and recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Better Hearing Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution commending the Pennsylvania Academy of Audiology for its efforts to educate Pennsylvanians about the importance of having regular hearing screenings, and recognizing the month of May 2019 as "Better Hearing Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing June 24, 2019, as "Cystinuria Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing June 24, 2019, as "Cystinuria Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 100th anniversary of ratification of the 19th Amendment, the constitutional amendment extending equal voting rights to women.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of ratification of the 19th Amendment, the constitutional amendment extending equal voting rights to women.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Observing June 19, 2019, as "Juneteenth National Freedom Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution observing June 19, 2019, as "Juneteenth National Freedom Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing June 19, 2019, as "World Sickle Cell Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania to shine the light on sickle cell disease.. Description: A Resolution recognizing June 19, 2019, as "World Sickle Cell Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania to shine the light on sickle cell disease.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of July 2019 as "Lakes Appreciation Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of July 2019 as "Lakes Appreciation Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing PHEAA's new PA Forward Student Loan Program as a cooperative effort utilizing Commonwealth resources for students and families in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing PHEAA's new PA Forward Student Loan Program as a cooperative effort utilizing Commonwealth resources for students and families in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Congratulating the YMCA on its 175th birthday.. Description: A Resolution congratulating the YMCA on its 175th birthday.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating June 30, 2019, as "Arthrogryposis Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating June 30, 2019, as "Arthrogryposis Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of July 2019 as "Free Community Paper Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of July 2019 as "Free Community Paper Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 8 through 14, 2019, as "Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis Research and Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania to increase awareness and understanding of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 8 through 14, 2019, as "Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis Research and Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania to increase awareness and understanding of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of July 8 through 14, 2019, as "Whiskey Rebellion Heritage Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of July 8 through 14, 2019, as "Whiskey Rebellion Heritage Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating July 8 through 13, 2019, as "Summer Learning Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating July 8 through 13, 2019, as "Summer Learning Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating July 20, 2019, as "Anthracite Heritage Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating July 20, 2019, as "Anthracite Heritage Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating August 25, 2019, as "Banana Split Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating August 25, 2019, as "Banana Split Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2019 as "Lithuanian Partnership Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2019 as "Lithuanian Partnership Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: A Concurrent Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to reauthorize provisions related to the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund.. Description: A Concurrent Resolution urging the Congress of the United States to reauthorize provisions related to the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 23 through 27, 2019, as "Clean Energy Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 23 through 27, 2019, as "Clean Energy Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 23 through 29, 2019, as "Safe2Say Something Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 23 through 29, 2019, as "Safe2Say Something Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2019 as "National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2019 as "National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 10, 2019, as "World Suicide Prevention Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing September 10, 2019, as "World Suicide Prevention Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Childhood Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania, encouraging young Pennsylvanians who are fighting cancer, honoring young people who have lost their lives to childhood cancer, expressing gratitude to the doctors and nurses who provide special care to patients and families affected by childhood cancer and encouraging all residents in this Commonwealth to join the fight against childhood cancer.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Childhood Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania, encouraging young Pennsylvanians who are fighting cancer, honoring young people who have lost their lives to childhood cancer, expressing gratitude to the doctors and nurses who provide special care to patients and families affected by childhood cancer and encouraging all residents in this Commonwealth to join the fight against childhood cancer.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Prostate Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and acknowledging the importance of raising public awareness of the threat and causes of prostate cancer.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Prostate Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and acknowledging the importance of raising public awareness of the threat and causes of prostate cancer.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 23, 2019, as "Teal Talk Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing September 23, 2019, as "Teal Talk Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 23 through 29, 2019, as "Community Supervision Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 23 through 29, 2019, as "Community Supervision Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Hunger Action Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Hunger Action Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2019 as "Dyslexia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2019 as "Dyslexia Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of August 10 through 17, 2019, as "Local Water Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of August 10 through 17, 2019, as "Local Water Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of September 15 through 21, 2019, as "National Medicare Education Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of September 15 through 21, 2019, as "National Medicare Education Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Preparedness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Preparedness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating September 24, 2019, as the day to commemorate "United States National Health IT Week - September 23, 2019, to September 27, 2019," in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating September 24, 2019, as the day to commemorate "United States National Health IT Week - September 23, 2019, to September 27, 2019," in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2019 as "National Recovery Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2019 as "National Recovery Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Observing September 15 through October 15, 2019, as "Hispanic Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania and recognizing the achievements of Hispanic Americans in our Commonwealth.. Description: A Resolution observing September 15 through October 15, 2019, as "Hispanic Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania and recognizing the achievements of Hispanic Americans in our Commonwealth.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 6 through 12, 2019, as "National Newspaper Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 6 through 12, 2019, as "National Newspaper Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Senate Library's exhibition on the history of the Constitution of Pennsylvania occurring on September 23, 2019, through February 28, 2020.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the Senate Library's exhibition on the history of the Constitution of Pennsylvania occurring on September 23, 2019, through February 28, 2020.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2019 as "National Senior Center Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2019 as "National Senior Center Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of September 30 through October 4, 2019, as "Juvenile Detention Centers and Alternative Programs Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of September 30 through October 4, 2019, as "Juvenile Detention Centers and Alternative Programs Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 21, 2019, as "International Day of Peace," expressing support of its ideals and principles and encouraging Pennsylvanians to meaningfully engage in this worldwide event.. Description: A Resolution recognizing September 21, 2019, as "International Day of Peace," expressing support of its ideals and principles and encouraging Pennsylvanians to meaningfully engage in this worldwide event.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of September 2 through 6, 2019, as "National Payroll Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of September 2 through 6, 2019, as "National Payroll Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 5, 2019, as "Ostomy Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 5, 2019, as "Ostomy Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating Pennsylvania's contribution to the Allied victory in the First World War.. Description: A Resolution commemorating Pennsylvania's contribution to the Allied victory in the First World War.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee on its 60th anniversary.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the Legislative Budget and Finance Committee on its 60th anniversary.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Sepsis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Sepsis Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of September 17 through 23, 2019, as "Constitution Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of September 17 through 23, 2019, as "Constitution Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Vertebral Subluxation Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of September 2019 as "Vertebral Subluxation Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring Fannie Lou Hamer on the 102nd anniversary of her birth, October 6, 2019, in recognition of her vast and valiant efforts to ensure the civil rights of minorities, women and low-income families.. Description: A Resolution honoring Fannie Lou Hamer on the 102nd anniversary of her birth, October 6, 2019, in recognition of her vast and valiant efforts to ensure the civil rights of minorities, women and low-income families.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Sudden Cardiac Arrest Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Sudden Cardiac Arrest Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating September 25, 2019, as "Someone You Know Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating September 25, 2019, as "Someone You Know Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing 2019 as the "International Year of the Periodic Table of Chemical Elements" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing 2019 as the "International Year of the Periodic Table of Chemical Elements" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of September 2019 as "Mushroom Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of September 2019 as "Mushroom Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 2, 2019, as "Energy Efficiency Day" and October 19, 2019, as "Clean Energy/Solar Tour Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 2, 2019, as "Energy Efficiency Day" and October 19, 2019, as "Clean Energy/Solar Tour Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Domestic Violence Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Domestic Violence Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "Respiratory Care Week" in Pennsylvania and commending respiratory therapists for their outstanding contributions to health care.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "Respiratory Care Week" in Pennsylvania and commending respiratory therapists for their outstanding contributions to health care.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2019 as "Italian-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2019 as "Italian-American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 13 through 19, 2019, as "Homeless Children's Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 13 through 19, 2019, as "Homeless Children's Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 125th anniversary of The Hershey Company.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 125th anniversary of The Hershey Company.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2019 as "National Breast Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and October 18, 2019, as "National Mammography Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2019 as "National Breast Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania and October 18, 2019, as "National Mammography Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2019 as "National Disability Employment Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2019 as "National Disability Employment Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2019 as "Chiropractic Health Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2019 as "Chiropractic Health Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Bullying Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Bullying Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 9, 2019, as "PANS/PANDAS Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 9, 2019, as "PANS/PANDAS Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "Pro Bono Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of October 20 through 26, 2019, as "Pro Bono Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 5, 2019, as "Peroxisomal Disorder Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 5, 2019, as "Peroxisomal Disorder Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2019 as "Down Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2019 as "Down Syndrome Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2019 as "National Principals Month" in Pennsylvania and honoring the contribution of principals in the elementary schools, middle schools and high schools of our nation.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2019 as "National Principals Month" in Pennsylvania and honoring the contribution of principals in the elementary schools, middle schools and high schools of our nation.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 7, 2019, as "World Duchenne Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing September 7, 2019, as "World Duchenne Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of October 21 through 27, 2019, as "Business Women's Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of October 21 through 27, 2019, as "Business Women's Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating November 12, 2019, the 550th anniversary of the birth of Guru Nanak, the founder of Sikhism, as "World Equality Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating November 12, 2019, the 550th anniversary of the birth of Guru Nanak, the founder of Sikhism, as "World Equality Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing Fallingwater, the Western Pennsylvania Conservancy and the Frank Lloyd Wright Building Conservancy on Fallingwater being named a UNESCO World Heritage Site.. Description: A Resolution recognizing Fallingwater, the Western Pennsylvania Conservancy and the Frank Lloyd Wright Building Conservancy on Fallingwater being named a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2019 as "National Sensory Processing Disorder Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2019 as "National Sensory Processing Disorder Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating October 2019 as "National Physical Therapy Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating October 2019 as "National Physical Therapy Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 24, 2019, as "Lights on Afterschool Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 24, 2019, as "Lights on Afterschool Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 13, 2019, as "Metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 13, 2019, as "Metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating December 1, 2019, as "Penske Truck Leasing Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating December 1, 2019, as "Penske Truck Leasing Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of October 2019 as "Polish American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania and designating October 6, 2019, as "Pulaski Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of October 2019 as "Polish American Heritage Month" in Pennsylvania and designating October 6, 2019, as "Pulaski Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating Diwali, the Hindu Festival of Lights.. Description: A Resolution commemorating Diwali, the Hindu Festival of Lights.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 8, 2019, as "National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 8, 2019, as "National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commending Korean and Korean-American Vietnam War veterans for their service to the United States during the Vietnam War.. Description: A Resolution commending Korean and Korean-American Vietnam War veterans for their service to the United States during the Vietnam War.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 29, 2019, as "International Data Center Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 29, 2019, as "International Data Center Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of November 2019 as "Carbon Monoxide Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of November 2019 as "Carbon Monoxide Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2019 as "Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2019 as "Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing November 11, 2019, as "Veterans Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing November 11, 2019, as "Veterans Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2019 as "Slinky Toy Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2019 as "Slinky Toy Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing November 10, 2019, as "Marine Corps Day" in Pennsylvania in honor of the United States Marine Corps' 244th anniversary of its founding.. Description: A Resolution recognizing November 10, 2019, as "Marine Corps Day" in Pennsylvania in honor of the United States Marine Corps' 244th anniversary of its founding.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of November 10 through 16, 2019, as "Nurse Practitioner Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of November 10 through 16, 2019, as "Nurse Practitioner Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of November 2019 as "Military Family Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of November 2019 as "Military Family Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2019 as "Victims of Communism Memorial Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2019 as "Victims of Communism Memorial Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commending the International 22q11.2 Foundation, Inc., and recognizing November 22, 2019, as "22q Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution commending the International 22q11.2 Foundation, Inc., and recognizing November 22, 2019, as "22q Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of January 2020 as "Learn to Ski and Snowboard Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of January 2020 as "Learn to Ski and Snowboard Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of November 17 through 22, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Education for Students Experiencing Homelessness Awareness Week" and November 22, 2019, as "Red Shirt Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of November 17 through 22, 2019, as "Pennsylvania Education for Students Experiencing Homelessness Awareness Week" and November 22, 2019, as "Red Shirt Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of November 2019 as "Construction Cares Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of November 2019 as "Construction Cares Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the Special Olympics Pennsylvania on the 50th anniversary of its founding.. Description: A Resolution honoring the Special Olympics Pennsylvania on the 50th anniversary of its founding.
In 2019, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Congratulating The Pennsylvania State University wrestling team on its eighth National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Wrestling Championship in the past nine years.. Description: A Resolution congratulating The Pennsylvania State University wrestling team on its eighth National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Wrestling Championship in the past nine years.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 13 through 19, 2020, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 13 through 19, 2020, as "Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Holiday Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of January 2020 as "School Director Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of January 2020 as "School Director Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 26 through February 1, 2020, as "Catholic Schools Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 26 through February 1, 2020, as "Catholic Schools Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of January 2020 as "National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of January 2020 as "National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating January 23, 2020, as "Maternal Health Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania to recognize all women who die from complications of pregnancy or childbirth.. Description: A Resolution designating January 23, 2020, as "Maternal Health Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania to recognize all women who die from complications of pregnancy or childbirth.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the decommissioning of USS Pittsburgh (SSN 720) in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the decommissioning of USS Pittsburgh (SSN 720) in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of January 20 through 26, 2020, as "Community Risk Reduction (CRR) Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of January 20 through 26, 2020, as "Community Risk Reduction (CRR) Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of January 26 through February 1, 2020, as "Physician Anesthesiologist Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of January 26 through February 1, 2020, as "Physician Anesthesiologist Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of January 19 through 25, 2020, as "Nurse Anesthetists Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of January 19 through 25, 2020, as "Nurse Anesthetists Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 11, 2020, as "PA 2-1-1 Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 11, 2020, as "PA 2-1-1 Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of February 24 through March 1, 2020, as "Eating Disorders Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania in conjunction with the observance of "National Eating Disorders Awareness Week.". Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of February 24 through March 1, 2020, as "Eating Disorders Awareness Week" in Pennsylvania in conjunction with the observance of "National Eating Disorders Awareness Week."
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating Pennsylvania's contribution to Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm.. Description: A Resolution commemorating Pennsylvania's contribution to Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 7, 2020, as "National Wear Red Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 7, 2020, as "National Wear Red Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of February 17 through 23, 2020, as "THON Week" in Pennsylvania and honoring the work of The Pennsylvania State University IFC/Panhellenic Dance Marathon student volunteers.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of February 17 through 23, 2020, as "THON Week" in Pennsylvania and honoring the work of The Pennsylvania State University IFC/Panhellenic Dance Marathon student volunteers.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 7, 2020, as "National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 7, 2020, as "National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating March 11, 2020, as "Registered Dietitian Nutritionist Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating March 11, 2020, as "Registered Dietitian Nutritionist Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of March 2020 as "National Nutrition Month®" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of March 2020 as "National Nutrition Month®" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 3 through 7, 2020, as "National School Counseling Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 3 through 7, 2020, as "National School Counseling Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of February 24 through 28, 2020, as "Public Schools Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of February 24 through 28, 2020, as "Public Schools Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of February 2020 as "Career and Technical Education Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of February 2020 as "Career and Technical Education Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of February 22 through 29, 2020, as "FFA Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of February 22 through 29, 2020, as "FFA Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 15, 2020, as "International Childhood Cancer Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing February 15, 2020, as "International Childhood Cancer Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of March 2020 as "Disabilities Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of March 2020 as "Disabilities Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Observing March 1, 2020, as "St. David's Day" in Pennsylvania and honoring the many Pennsylvanians of Welsh heritage.. Description: A Resolution observing March 1, 2020, as "St. David's Day" in Pennsylvania and honoring the many Pennsylvanians of Welsh heritage.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of February 9 through 15, 2020, as "Cardiac Rehabilitation Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of February 9 through 15, 2020, as "Cardiac Rehabilitation Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 7 through February 14, 2020, as "Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week" and further designating February 14, 2020, as "Emersyn's Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 7 through February 14, 2020, as "Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week" and further designating February 14, 2020, as "Emersyn's Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating February 21, 2020, as "Keith Valley Challenge Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating February 21, 2020, as "Keith Valley Challenge Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of February 2 through 8, 2020, as "National Future Business Leaders of America-Phi Beta Lambda Week" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the week of February 2 through 8, 2020, as "National Future Business Leaders of America-Phi Beta Lambda Week" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2020, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.. Description: A Resolution adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2020, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting temporary emergency Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution adopting temporary emergency Rules of the Senate.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of June 2020 as "Cancer Survivors Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania and honoring all cancer survivors for their strength and courage in the face of this devastating illness.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of June 2020 as "Cancer Survivors Recognition Month" in Pennsylvania and honoring all cancer survivors for their strength and courage in the face of this devastating illness.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Observing June 19, 2020, as "Juneteenth National Freedom Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution observing June 19, 2020, as "Juneteenth National Freedom Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Extending the temporary emergency Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution extending the temporary emergency Rules of the Senate.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating September 14, 2020, as "EMS Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating September 14, 2020, as "EMS Memorial Day" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Wesley A.M.E. Zion Church on its 200 years of service to the City of Philadelphia and its dedication to improving lives in its community.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the Wesley A.M.E. Zion Church on its 200 years of service to the City of Philadelphia and its dedication to improving lives in its community.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Honoring the life of Dr. Frank Erdman Boston as a World War I veteran, military surgeon, community doctor and founder of the Elm Terrace/Lansdale Hospital and the Volunteer Medical Service Corps (VMSC) ambulance corps.. Description: A Resolution honoring the life of Dr. Frank Erdman Boston as a World War I veteran, military surgeon, community doctor and founder of the Elm Terrace/Lansdale Hospital and the Volunteer Medical Service Corps (VMSC) ambulance corps.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of November 2020 as "Carbon Monoxide Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the month of November 2020 as "Carbon Monoxide Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Extending the temporary emergency Rules of the Senate.. Description: A Resolution extending the temporary emergency Rules of the Senate.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 23, 2020, as "Drugs Kill Dreams Day" in Pennsylvania and encouraging Pennsylvanians to participate in drug prevention education activities throughout the year to demonstrate their strong commitment to stopping drug and alcohol addiction and abuse before it begins.. Description: A Resolution recognizing October 23, 2020, as "Drugs Kill Dreams Day" in Pennsylvania and encouraging Pennsylvanians to participate in drug prevention education activities throughout the year to demonstrate their strong commitment to stopping drug and alcohol addiction and abuse before it begins.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 125th anniversary of Frederick Douglass' last public lecture at the West Chester Normal School, now West Chester University.. Description: A Resolution commemorating the 125th anniversary of Frederick Douglass' last public lecture at the West Chester Normal School, now West Chester University.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Recognizing the essential work performed by individuals with disabilities during the 2020 pandemic and thanking them for their continued efforts through the remainder of the pandemic as they continue their work into the future.. Description: A Resolution recognizing the essential work performed by individuals with disabilities during the 2020 pandemic and thanking them for their continued efforts through the remainder of the pandemic as they continue their work into the future.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the month of October 2020 as "Domestic Violence Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the month of October 2020 as "Domestic Violence Awareness Month" in Pennsylvania.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to the Supplement to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2020, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.. Description: A Resolution adopting a temporary rule of the Senate relating solely to amendments to the Supplement to the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2020, including any amendments offered to or for supplemental appropriations for prior fiscal years.
In 2020, Pennsylvania passed a bill titled: Designating the week of November 16 through 20, 2020, as "Pennsylvania Education for Students Experiencing Homelessness Awareness Week" and November 20, 2020, as "Red Shirt Day" in Pennsylvania.. Description: A Resolution designating the week of November 16 through 20, 2020, as "Pennsylvania Education for Students Experiencing Homelessness Awareness Week" and November 20, 2020, as "Red Shirt Day" in Pennsylvania.
