Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of South Dakota:
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Expand the policy advisory committee for animal damage control.. Description: Expand the policy advisory committee for animal damage control.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Update a reference to the Internal Revenue Code for purposes of higher education savings plans.. Description: Update a reference to the Internal Revenue Code for purposes of higher education savings plans.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: To require that all certified educators to take a course in South Dakota Indian Studies.. Description: To require that all certified educators to take a course in South Dakota Indian Studies.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Amend definitions pertaining to the school funding formula.. Description: Amend definitions pertaining to the school funding formula.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to the stenographic recording of certain proceedings.. Description: Revise provisions related to the stenographic recording of certain proceedings.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Modify provisions related to emergency medical services personnel and to declare an emergency.. Description: Modify provisions related to emergency medical services personnel and to declare an emergency.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit the misbranding of any cell-cultured protein product.. Description: Prohibit the misbranding of any cell-cultured protein product.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Modify the definition of a conviction for purposes of license revocation.. Description: Modify the definition of a conviction for purposes of license revocation.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Update the official code of laws.. Description: Update the official code of laws.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Require age verification by websites containing material that is harmful to minors, and to provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Require age verification by websites containing material that is harmful to minors, and to provide a penalty therefor.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit the preparation, sale, and distribution of certain kratom products and to provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Prohibit the preparation, sale, and distribution of certain kratom products and to provide a penalty therefor.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Update references to certain federal motor carrier regulations.. Description: Update references to certain federal motor carrier regulations.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Increase civil penalties for commercial driver violations.. Description: Increase civil penalties for commercial driver violations.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Permit a sheriff to charge a fee for service of process, whether service is completed or not.. Description: Permit a sheriff to charge a fee for service of process, whether service is completed or not.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit the adoption or implementation of certain policies related to immigration enforcement.. Description: Prohibit the adoption or implementation of certain policies related to immigration enforcement.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Shorten the time before records of a Governor or a lieutenant governor are opened to the public.. Description: Shorten the time before records of a Governor or a lieutenant governor are opened to the public.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Limit the amount of money that may be loaned to a candidate or political committee.. Description: Limit the amount of money that may be loaned to a candidate or political committee.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Clarify the enactment and effective date of a measure initiated or referred within a political subdivision.. Description: Clarify the enactment and effective date of a measure initiated or referred within a political subdivision.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Clarify when a political committee must file certain campaign finance disclosure statements.. Description: Clarify when a political committee must file certain campaign finance disclosure statements.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Remove outdated provisions within the insurance code.. Description: Remove outdated provisions within the insurance code.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Modify substances listed on the controlled substances schedule and to declare an emergency.. Description: Modify substances listed on the controlled substances schedule and to declare an emergency.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Repeal the oath requirement for an application for a lodging establishment, campground, food service establishment, or mobile food service establishment license.. Description: Repeal the oath requirement for an application for a lodging establishment, campground, food service establishment, or mobile food service establishment license.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise and repeal provisions related to the 911 emergency surcharge and the 911 Coordination Board.. Description: Revise and repeal provisions related to the 911 emergency surcharge and the 911 Coordination Board.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Modify requirements for a vehicle approaching a vehicle that is stopped or occupying the shoulder of the highway with warning lights flashing.. Description: Modify requirements for a vehicle approaching a vehicle that is stopped or occupying the shoulder of the highway with warning lights flashing.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise the description of highways included in the state trunk highway system.. Description: Revise the description of highways included in the state trunk highway system.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise Department of Transportation regulatory authority regarding aeronautics.. Description: Revise Department of Transportation regulatory authority regarding aeronautics.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Clarify the minimum age requirements for a hunting license.. Description: Clarify the minimum age requirements for a hunting license.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Require the publication and review of an explanation of the open meeting laws of this state.. Description: Require the publication and review of an explanation of the open meeting laws of this state.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, conditioning the requirement of expanded Medicaid on the level of federal medical assistance.. Description: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, conditioning the requirement of expanded Medicaid on the level of federal medical assistance.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, requiring that a constitutional amendment receive an affirmative vote of sixty percent of the votes cast before the measure is enacted.. Description: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, requiring that a constitutional amendment receive an affirmative vote of sixty percent of the votes cast before the measure is enacted.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Providing legislative approval for a future use water permit application by the Western Dakota Regional Water System.. Description: Providing legislative approval for a future use water permit application by the Western Dakota Regional Water System.
In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Applying to the United States Congress for a convention of the states to propose amendments to the United States Constitution regarding the imposition of fiscal restraints on the federal government, further limiting the power and jurisdiction of the federal government, and limiting the terms of office for members of Congress and other federal officials.. Description: Applying to the United States Congress for a convention of the states to propose amendments to the United States Constitution regarding the imposition of fiscal restraints on the federal government, further limiting the power and jurisdiction of the federal government, and limiting the terms of office for members of Congress and other federal officials.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Promote continued fairness in women's sports.. Description: Promote continued fairness in women's sports.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise contracting procedure options for certain highway construction contracts.. Description: Revise contracting procedure options for certain highway construction contracts.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain requirements for contesting certificates of assessment.. Description: Revise certain requirements for contesting certificates of assessment.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require the provision of information regarding perinatal hospice.. Description: Require the provision of information regarding perinatal hospice.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize counties to issue off-sale liquor licenses.. Description: Authorize counties to issue off-sale liquor licenses.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Extend the period of renewal for an enhanced permit to carry a concealed pistol.. Description: Extend the period of renewal for an enhanced permit to carry a concealed pistol.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding grain buyers.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding grain buyers.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize school districts and nonpublic schools to acquire and administer nasal glucagon.. Description: Authorize school districts and nonpublic schools to acquire and administer nasal glucagon.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions pertaining to the consolidation or boundary changes of counties.. Description: Revise provisions pertaining to the consolidation or boundary changes of counties.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the salary for state's attorneys.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the salary for state's attorneys.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update and clarify certain provisions relating to the South Dakota Retirement System.. Description: Update and clarify certain provisions relating to the South Dakota Retirement System.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal the sunset date for provisions related to the licensure of behavior analysts.. Description: Repeal the sunset date for provisions related to the licensure of behavior analysts.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise employer contribution rates.. Description: Revise employer contribution rates.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal the annual grievance reporting requirements for health carriers.. Description: Repeal the annual grievance reporting requirements for health carriers.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update references to certain federal motor carrier regulations.. Description: Update references to certain federal motor carrier regulations.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Supporting the Recovering America's Wildlife Act.. Description: Supporting the Recovering America's Wildlife Act.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Supporting the right to pray in public schools.. Description: Supporting the right to pray in public schools.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Expand the definition of a pesticide dealer.. Description: Expand the definition of a pesticide dealer.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Bolster the workforce of South Dakota.. Description: Bolster the workforce of South Dakota.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Annually adjust the rate for community-based providers to one hundred percent of methodology.. Description: Annually adjust the rate for community-based providers to one hundred percent of methodology.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Exempt records regarding jail inmate disciplinary matters from public inspection and copying.. Description: Exempt records regarding jail inmate disciplinary matters from public inspection and copying.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit ranked-choice voting.. Description: Prohibit ranked-choice voting.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise requirements to relocate a county seat.. Description: Revise requirements to relocate a county seat.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions relating to voter registration.. Description: Revise certain provisions relating to voter registration.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Clarify and modernize cremation requirements and procedures.. Description: Clarify and modernize cremation requirements and procedures.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit certain persons from using the title veterinary technician.. Description: Prohibit certain persons from using the title veterinary technician.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Raise the revenue threshold for a required audit of a water development district.. Description: Raise the revenue threshold for a required audit of a water development district.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions pertaining to township eligibility for the rural access infrastructure fund.. Description: Revise provisions pertaining to township eligibility for the rural access infrastructure fund.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Raise the appraisal value of surplus property that may be sold by a political subdivision without notice.. Description: Raise the appraisal value of surplus property that may be sold by a political subdivision without notice.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Limit parole for violent offenders.. Description: Limit parole for violent offenders.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide free birth certificates to persons experiencing homelessness.. Description: Provide free birth certificates to persons experiencing homelessness.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish educational standards for the expanded practice of optometry.. Description: Establish educational standards for the expanded practice of optometry.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Add a provision regarding the use of a designated refrigerant.. Description: Add a provision regarding the use of a designated refrigerant.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Improve agriculture in South Dakota.. Description: Improve agriculture in South Dakota.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Limit directives and incentives for extreme risk protection orders and to provide a penalty.. Description: Limit directives and incentives for extreme risk protection orders and to provide a penalty.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Require that birth certificates reflect biological sex.. Description: Require that birth certificates reflect biological sex.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Permit a homeowner's association, development, or incorporated community to modify a restrictive covenant.. Description: Permit a homeowner's association, development, or incorporated community to modify a restrictive covenant.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify provisions related to medical cannabis.. Description: Modify provisions related to medical cannabis.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal the Visitation Grant Advisory Group.. Description: Repeal the Visitation Grant Advisory Group.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to the licensure and regulation of ambulance services.. Description: Revise provisions related to the licensure and regulation of ambulance services.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for licensure by endorsement for certain licensed professionals and occupations.. Description: Provide for licensure by endorsement for certain licensed professionals and occupations.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the South Dakota State Historical Society.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the South Dakota State Historical Society.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to the regulation of emergency medical services and associated personnel.. Description: Revise provisions related to the regulation of emergency medical services and associated personnel.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify time limits for collection efforts for debts owed to the state.. Description: Modify time limits for collection efforts for debts owed to the state.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise a provision related to an action to quiet title to real property.. Description: Revise a provision related to an action to quiet title to real property.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Improve the workforce of South Dakota.. Description: Improve the workforce of South Dakota.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain definitions for sex offender registry.. Description: Revise certain definitions for sex offender registry.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise and repeal provisions related to the licensure of athletic trainers.. Description: Revise and repeal provisions related to the licensure of athletic trainers.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the amount of time permitted the Interim Rules Review Committee to review final permanent rulemaking materials.. Description: Increase the amount of time permitted the Interim Rules Review Committee to review final permanent rulemaking materials.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend the requirement to employ a county veterans' service officer.. Description: Amend the requirement to employ a county veterans' service officer.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide a landowner-on-own-land license for antlerless elk.. Description: Provide a landowner-on-own-land license for antlerless elk.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the eligibility for admission to the state veterans' home and repeal the residency requirement.. Description: Modify the eligibility for admission to the state veterans' home and repeal the residency requirement.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Add a domestic abuse shelter to the definition of a community safety zone.. Description: Add a domestic abuse shelter to the definition of a community safety zone.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the membership of the South Dakota Capitol Complex Restoration and Beautification Commission.. Description: Revise the membership of the South Dakota Capitol Complex Restoration and Beautification Commission.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Adopt the interstate counseling licensure compact and revise educational requirements to comply with the compact.. Description: Adopt the interstate counseling licensure compact and revise educational requirements to comply with the compact.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Adopt the advanced practice registered nurse compact.. Description: Adopt the advanced practice registered nurse compact.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Adopt the social work licensure compact.. Description: Adopt the social work licensure compact.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Repeal the expiration of a reduction in certain gross receipts and use tax rates.. Description: Repeal the expiration of a reduction in certain gross receipts and use tax rates.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update a reference to the Internal Revenue Code for purposes of higher education savings plans.. Description: Update a reference to the Internal Revenue Code for purposes of higher education savings plans.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update the official code of laws.. Description: Update the official code of laws.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the manner of citing the Administrative Rules of South Dakota.. Description: Revise the manner of citing the Administrative Rules of South Dakota.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Adopt the psychology interjurisdictional licensure compact.. Description: Adopt the psychology interjurisdictional licensure compact.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain references to the Internal Revenue Code.. Description: Revise certain references to the Internal Revenue Code.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Clarify language regarding sales and use tax in certain statutes.. Description: Clarify language regarding sales and use tax in certain statutes.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the method by which completion of a required suicide awareness and prevention training is verified.. Description: Revise the method by which completion of a required suicide awareness and prevention training is verified.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to the Department of Education to provide professional development in literacy to teachers, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to the Department of Education to provide professional development in literacy to teachers, and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide immunity from liability for certain actions of the State Bar and its agents.. Description: Provide immunity from liability for certain actions of the State Bar and its agents.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require that an application for a medical marijuana registry identification card include a notice of federal law regarding firearms and the unlawful use of a controlled substance.. Description: Require that an application for a medical marijuana registry identification card include a notice of federal law regarding firearms and the unlawful use of a controlled substance.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish the crime of exposure of a law enforcement officer to a controlled drug or substance and to provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Establish the crime of exposure of a law enforcement officer to a controlled drug or substance and to provide a penalty therefor.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Clarify the requirement for the construction or expansion of a municipal campground or tourist accommodation facility.. Description: Clarify the requirement for the construction or expansion of a municipal campground or tourist accommodation facility.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify substances listed on the controlled substances schedule and to declare an emergency.. Description: Modify substances listed on the controlled substances schedule and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Classify xylazine as a Schedule III controlled substance, establish permissible uses, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Classify xylazine as a Schedule III controlled substance, establish permissible uses, and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify and repeal provisions related to the licensure of hearing aid dispensers and audiologists.. Description: Modify and repeal provisions related to the licensure of hearing aid dispensers and audiologists.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update statutory and regulatory references pertaining to water pollution.. Description: Update statutory and regulatory references pertaining to water pollution.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update the development and implementation of conservation district standards.. Description: Update the development and implementation of conservation district standards.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Address the administration of State Conservation Commission functions by the Department of Agriculture and Natural Resources.. Description: Address the administration of State Conservation Commission functions by the Department of Agriculture and Natural Resources.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require hydrogen pipelines to be permitted by the Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Require hydrogen pipelines to be permitted by the Public Utilities Commission.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Require that a dispensary post notice of the federal law regarding possession of a firearm and the use of marijuana and to provide a civil penalty.. Description: Require that a dispensary post notice of the federal law regarding possession of a firearm and the use of marijuana and to provide a civil penalty.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Exclude certain habitual DUI offenders from eligibility for presumptive probation.. Description: Exclude certain habitual DUI offenders from eligibility for presumptive probation.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the payment of legal expenses originating from crime committed at a facility maintained by the Department of Corrections.. Description: Provide for the payment of legal expenses originating from crime committed at a facility maintained by the Department of Corrections.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the definition of public infrastructure to allow a federally recognized Indian tribe to be eligible for housing infrastructure grants and loans and to declare an emergency.. Description: Modify the definition of public infrastructure to allow a federally recognized Indian tribe to be eligible for housing infrastructure grants and loans and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Include lithium in the definition of precious metal for purposes of the minerals severance tax, and to set the tax rate for lithium severed in this state.. Description: Include lithium in the definition of precious metal for purposes of the minerals severance tax, and to set the tax rate for lithium severed in this state.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit the intentional disarming of a law enforcement officer and to provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Prohibit the intentional disarming of a law enforcement officer and to provide a penalty therefor.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Enhance the penalties for eluding law enforcement.. Description: Enhance the penalties for eluding law enforcement.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise the requirements pertaining to average teacher compensation and to establish a minimum teacher salary.. Description: Revise the requirements pertaining to average teacher compensation and to establish a minimum teacher salary.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the Board of Regents to accept and use easement proceeds for the purposes authorized by the 2022 Session Laws, chapter 198.. Description: Authorize the Board of Regents to accept and use easement proceeds for the purposes authorized by the 2022 Session Laws, chapter 198.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update references to certain federal motor carrier regulations.. Description: Update references to certain federal motor carrier regulations.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make technical changes to provisions regarding the compensation of agents.. Description: Make technical changes to provisions regarding the compensation of agents.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Create the Commission on Indigent Legal Services and Office of Indigent Legal Services, to make an appropriation for reimbursing county indigent legal services, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Create the Commission on Indigent Legal Services and Office of Indigent Legal Services, to make an appropriation for reimbursing county indigent legal services, and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify agency reporting requirements on licensure, certification, job placements, and the labor market.. Description: Modify agency reporting requirements on licensure, certification, job placements, and the labor market.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding insurance holding companies.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding insurance holding companies.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions related to travel reimbursement.. Description: Revise certain provisions related to travel reimbursement.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for costs related to emergencies and disasters impacting the state and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for costs related to emergencies and disasters impacting the state and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for costs related to the suppression of wildfires impacting the state and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for costs related to the suppression of wildfires impacting the state and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend the valuation service used to value vehicles.. Description: Amend the valuation service used to value vehicles.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for increases in the construction costs of infrastructure at Lake Alvin and Newell Lake, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for increases in the construction costs of infrastructure at Lake Alvin and Newell Lake, and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the design and construction of a multi-use building on the grounds of the State Fair and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the design and construction of a multi-use building on the grounds of the State Fair and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Designate Medal of Honor Recognition Day.. Description: Designate Medal of Honor Recognition Day.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Allow disabled veterans to obtain a standard issue county motor vehicle or motorcycle license plate.. Description: Allow disabled veterans to obtain a standard issue county motor vehicle or motorcycle license plate.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Permit the display of campaign signs in municipalities in conjunction with the beginning of absentee voting.. Description: Permit the display of campaign signs in municipalities in conjunction with the beginning of absentee voting.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise a provision providing authority to the Governor to enter into agreements with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.. Description: Revise a provision providing authority to the Governor to enter into agreements with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Keep interest earned on incarceration construction fund moneys in the same fund.. Description: Keep interest earned on incarceration construction fund moneys in the same fund.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Expand eligibility to practice as a dental hygienist under the collaborative supervision of a dentist.. Description: Expand eligibility to practice as a dental hygienist under the collaborative supervision of a dentist.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require the consideration of the definition of antisemitism when investigating unfair or discriminatory practices.. Description: Require the consideration of the definition of antisemitism when investigating unfair or discriminatory practices.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the disbursement of the catastrophic county poor relief fund to the participating counties in the event of the discontinuance of the fund.. Description: Provide for the disbursement of the catastrophic county poor relief fund to the participating counties in the event of the discontinuance of the fund.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Change the eligibility requirements, and the exempt value, of a property tax relief program for disabled veterans and surviving spouses.. Description: Change the eligibility requirements, and the exempt value, of a property tax relief program for disabled veterans and surviving spouses.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Permit a person convicted of certain driving under the influence offenses to drive for certain purposes.. Description: Permit a person convicted of certain driving under the influence offenses to drive for certain purposes.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal a provision related to habeas corpus proceedings.. Description: Repeal a provision related to habeas corpus proceedings.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Specify the venue of appeal to circuit court for persons committed to a mental health facility.. Description: Specify the venue of appeal to circuit court for persons committed to a mental health facility.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish an enhanced penalty for probationers intentionally causing contact with bodily fluids or human waste with a Unified Judicial System employee.. Description: Establish an enhanced penalty for probationers intentionally causing contact with bodily fluids or human waste with a Unified Judicial System employee.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the definitions of a child in need of supervision and a delinquent child.. Description: Modify the definitions of a child in need of supervision and a delinquent child.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Remove the option for a court services officer to prepare documentation in an adoption proceeding.. Description: Remove the option for a court services officer to prepare documentation in an adoption proceeding.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Exclude certain crimes from presumptive probation.. Description: Exclude certain crimes from presumptive probation.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to tax deeds and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise provisions related to tax deeds and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Enact the Interstate Insurance Product Regulation Compact.. Description: Enact the Interstate Insurance Product Regulation Compact.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the 911 emergency surcharge.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the 911 emergency surcharge.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to provide a grant for the construction of a facility to provide certain health facilities and services.. Description: Make an appropriation to provide a grant for the construction of a facility to provide certain health facilities and services.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish provisions for the operation of automated motor vehicles.. Description: Establish provisions for the operation of automated motor vehicles.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide that a temporary restraining order may extend beyond thirty days in certain circumstances involving stalking.. Description: Provide that a temporary restraining order may extend beyond thirty days in certain circumstances involving stalking.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize transportation activities by air ambulance operators.. Description: Authorize transportation activities by air ambulance operators.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify certain requirements for eligibility to receive a gift of a museum collection from a county or municipality.. Description: Modify certain requirements for eligibility to receive a gift of a museum collection from a county or municipality.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide a special motor vehicle license plate for recipients of the Legion of Merit award.. Description: Provide a special motor vehicle license plate for recipients of the Legion of Merit award.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Enhance the penalty for accessory to first- or second-degree murder.. Description: Enhance the penalty for accessory to first- or second-degree murder.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make fraudulent solicitation of charitable contributions a deceptive act or practice.. Description: Make fraudulent solicitation of charitable contributions a deceptive act or practice.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal a requirement for the filing of an annual report regarding prearranged funeral trust contracts.. Description: Repeal a requirement for the filing of an annual report regarding prearranged funeral trust contracts.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise unclaimed property provisions.. Description: Revise unclaimed property provisions.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Create a habitat conservation specialty plate and emblem.. Description: Create a habitat conservation specialty plate and emblem.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide special motor vehicle license plates for advanced life support personnel and emergency medical technicians.. Description: Provide special motor vehicle license plates for advanced life support personnel and emergency medical technicians.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Allow for an action to establish paternity after age eighteen based on genetic test results.. Description: Allow for an action to establish paternity after age eighteen based on genetic test results.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the temporary filling of water development district board positions created as a result of population increases.. Description: Provide for the temporary filling of water development district board positions created as a result of population increases.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit the chemical modification or conversion of industrial hemp and the sale or distribution of chemically modified or converted industrial hemp and to provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Prohibit the chemical modification or conversion of industrial hemp and the sale or distribution of chemically modified or converted industrial hemp and to provide a penalty therefor.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Permit an alternative delivery method for issuance of a policy by an insurer.. Description: Permit an alternative delivery method for issuance of a policy by an insurer.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify requirements for incorporating municipalities that are within three miles of another incorporated municipality.. Description: Modify requirements for incorporating municipalities that are within three miles of another incorporated municipality.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require a zoning authority to determine that a well is an established well that has not been abandoned in making a permitting decision.. Description: Require a zoning authority to determine that a well is an established well that has not been abandoned in making a permitting decision.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal the session law authorizing the Board of Regents to contract for the design and construction of a new dairy research and extension farm on the campus of South Dakota State University, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Repeal the session law authorizing the Board of Regents to contract for the design and construction of a new dairy research and extension farm on the campus of South Dakota State University, and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise water development district boundaries.. Description: Revise water development district boundaries.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Waive certain fees for nondriver identification cards for individuals who are homeless.. Description: Waive certain fees for nondriver identification cards for individuals who are homeless.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions pertaining to municipal government.. Description: Revise certain provisions pertaining to municipal government.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Expand definitions pertaining to the purchasing of grain.. Description: Expand definitions pertaining to the purchasing of grain.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise the renewal fee for barber's certificate of registration.. Description: Revise the renewal fee for barber's certificate of registration.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Revise certain provisions relating to petitions containing illegal actions and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise certain provisions relating to petitions containing illegal actions and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Improve public safety in South Dakota.. Description: Improve public safety in South Dakota.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Improve education and to provide for the workforce of South Dakota.. Description: Improve education and to provide for the workforce of South Dakota.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify brand registration and use laws.. Description: Modify brand registration and use laws.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Address discriminatory acts against entities participating in a 340B drug pricing program.. Description: Address discriminatory acts against entities participating in a 340B drug pricing program.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to enhance the economic health of South Dakota.. Description: Make an appropriation to enhance the economic health of South Dakota.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the economic development of South Dakota.. Description: Make an appropriation for the economic development of South Dakota.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Limit reliance upon secondary sources as statements of law.. Description: Limit reliance upon secondary sources as statements of law.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Regulate the acceptance of a central bank digital currency.. Description: Regulate the acceptance of a central bank digital currency.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions pertaining to time of school district elections.. Description: Revise certain provisions pertaining to time of school district elections.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code.. Description: Amend provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit the Board of Regents or any institution under its control from using state resources for obscene live conduct.. Description: Prohibit the Board of Regents or any institution under its control from using state resources for obscene live conduct.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions pertaining to the observation of the conduct of an election.. Description: Revise provisions pertaining to the observation of the conduct of an election.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modernize the process for annual audits of third-party insurance administrators.. Description: Modernize the process for annual audits of third-party insurance administrators.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend provisions regarding entry on private property for examination and survey of a project requiring a siting permit.. Description: Amend provisions regarding entry on private property for examination and survey of a project requiring a siting permit.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Define the requirements for granting a carbon pipeline easement.. Description: Define the requirements for granting a carbon pipeline easement.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Create a one-year career and technical education instructor educator permit.. Description: Create a one-year career and technical education instructor educator permit.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Enhance the penalty for rape of a child twelve years of age or under.. Description: Enhance the penalty for rape of a child twelve years of age or under.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Clarify provisions pertaining to tax increment finance districts.. Description: Clarify provisions pertaining to tax increment finance districts.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide authority for a court to order offenders convicted of vehicular homicide to pay restitution to a victim's children until age eighteen.. Description: Provide authority for a court to order offenders convicted of vehicular homicide to pay restitution to a victim's children until age eighteen.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Streamline the process by which an on-sale retail license holder may acquire a special event license.. Description: Streamline the process by which an on-sale retail license holder may acquire a special event license.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require the publication of measures taken to restrict the access of obscene materials by minors.. Description: Require the publication of measures taken to restrict the access of obscene materials by minors.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the minimum fee required with an application for construction of an energy conversion and transmission facility.. Description: Increase the minimum fee required with an application for construction of an energy conversion and transmission facility.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the teacher apprenticeship pathway program.. Description: Make an appropriation for the teacher apprenticeship pathway program.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish procedures for the termination of services by a provider through the CHOICES waiver program.. Description: Establish procedures for the termination of services by a provider through the CHOICES waiver program.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Clarify references to the court in a condemnation proceeding.. Description: Clarify references to the court in a condemnation proceeding.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal the Midwestern Regional Higher Education Compact.. Description: Repeal the Midwestern Regional Higher Education Compact.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Require certain vehicles to be equipped with mud flaps.. Description: Require certain vehicles to be equipped with mud flaps.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Create the Dr. Nicholas W. Drummond Center for Civic Engagement at Black Hills State University.. Description: Create the Dr. Nicholas W. Drummond Center for Civic Engagement at Black Hills State University.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Allow an appeal of a decision of the Department of Education regarding special education or related services by a civil action against the department.. Description: Allow an appeal of a decision of the Department of Education regarding special education or related services by a civil action against the department.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require the creation of an informational video and other materials describing the state's abortion law and medical care for a pregnant woman experiencing life-threatening or health-threatening medical conditions.. Description: Require the creation of an informational video and other materials describing the state's abortion law and medical care for a pregnant woman experiencing life-threatening or health-threatening medical conditions.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Define a multi-passenger quadricycle and to provide for the regulation of multi-passenger quadricycles.. Description: Define a multi-passenger quadricycle and to provide for the regulation of multi-passenger quadricycles.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide that required exterior hunting garments may be fluorescent pink.. Description: Provide that required exterior hunting garments may be fluorescent pink.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Add a county as able to be assigned responsibility for secondary highways on municipal boundaries.. Description: Add a county as able to be assigned responsibility for secondary highways on municipal boundaries.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Place restrictions on the ownership of agricultural land.. Description: Place restrictions on the ownership of agricultural land.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Create the Indian Child Welfare Advisory Council.. Description: Create the Indian Child Welfare Advisory Council.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend requirements for a cosmetology apprenticeship.. Description: Amend requirements for a cosmetology apprenticeship.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Recognize students as Rushmore State Athletes upon demonstrating prescribed levels of physical fitness.. Description: Recognize students as Rushmore State Athletes upon demonstrating prescribed levels of physical fitness.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit the dissemination of incorrect or misleading ballot information and to provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Prohibit the dissemination of incorrect or misleading ballot information and to provide a penalty therefor.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide a process to withdraw a signature from a petition for an initiated measure, constitutional amendment, or a referendum on a law in certain situations and to declare an emergency.. Description: Provide a process to withdraw a signature from a petition for an initiated measure, constitutional amendment, or a referendum on a law in certain situations and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to the custody of an alleged delinquent child before and after a temporary custody hearing.. Description: Revise provisions related to the custody of an alleged delinquent child before and after a temporary custody hearing.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Require the Executive Board of the Legislative Research Council to establish an interim study committee on minors' access to pornographic material.. Description: Require the Executive Board of the Legislative Research Council to establish an interim study committee on minors' access to pornographic material.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Appropriate money for the ordinary expenses of the legislative, judicial, and executive departments of the state, the current expenses of state institutions, interest on the public debt, and for common schools.. Description: Appropriate money for the ordinary expenses of the legislative, judicial, and executive departments of the state, the current expenses of state institutions, interest on the public debt, and for common schools.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Expand eligibility for the reduced tuition benefit for certain school district and Head Start employees at Board of Regents institutions to school counselors.. Description: Expand eligibility for the reduced tuition benefit for certain school district and Head Start employees at Board of Regents institutions to school counselors.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Remove provisions for establishing a uniform method for calculating high school credit received from completing a postsecondary course.. Description: Remove provisions for establishing a uniform method for calculating high school credit received from completing a postsecondary course.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Extend the length of time allowed for a tax agreement with an Indian tribe.. Description: Extend the length of time allowed for a tax agreement with an Indian tribe.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding township contracts for snow removal.. Description: Revise provisions regarding township contracts for snow removal.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Reduce the amount of time required before the removal of a city manager is effective.. Description: Reduce the amount of time required before the removal of a city manager is effective.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to death by distribution of a Schedule I or II substance.. Description: Revise provisions related to death by distribution of a Schedule I or II substance.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the water resources projects list.. Description: Revise the water resources projects list.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Further limit applications for clemency for violent crime offenders sentenced to life imprisonment.. Description: Further limit applications for clemency for violent crime offenders sentenced to life imprisonment.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require that a notification of medical cannabis certification be provided to a patient's primary or referring practitioner.. Description: Require that a notification of medical cannabis certification be provided to a patient's primary or referring practitioner.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit a practitioner from referring a patient to a medical cannabis clinic with which the practitioner or an immediate family member has a financial relationship and to provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Prohibit a practitioner from referring a patient to a medical cannabis clinic with which the practitioner or an immediate family member has a financial relationship and to provide a penalty therefor.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize certain employer actions regarding the use of cannabis by an employee or a prospective employee.. Description: Authorize certain employer actions regarding the use of cannabis by an employee or a prospective employee.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise the process for nominating candidates for the offices of lieutenant governor, attorney general, and secretary of state.. Description: Revise the process for nominating candidates for the offices of lieutenant governor, attorney general, and secretary of state.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Expand authorization for the conditional taking of coyotes from snowmobiles.. Description: Expand authorization for the conditional taking of coyotes from snowmobiles.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require a convicted defendant to reimburse the cost of digital forensic examination fees.. Description: Require a convicted defendant to reimburse the cost of digital forensic examination fees.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make appropriations for water and environmental purposes and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make appropriations for water and environmental purposes and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Modify the residency requirements for voter registration and declare an emergency.. Description: Modify the residency requirements for voter registration and declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Allow the secretary of state to share information from the statewide voter registration file.. Description: Allow the secretary of state to share information from the statewide voter registration file.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Rescind rulemaking authority pertaining to the process for publishing required voter registration numbers.. Description: Rescind rulemaking authority pertaining to the process for publishing required voter registration numbers.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish the crime of threatening or intimidating an election official or election worker.. Description: Establish the crime of threatening or intimidating an election official or election worker.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Rescind rule-making authority for the annual report of the number of voters removed from a county's voter registration list.. Description: Rescind rule-making authority for the annual report of the number of voters removed from a county's voter registration list.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend language regarding the licensing period for a grain buyer.. Description: Amend language regarding the licensing period for a grain buyer.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Exempt an electric vehicle charging station from being subject to a civil fine for overcharging.. Description: Exempt an electric vehicle charging station from being subject to a civil fine for overcharging.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the maximum user fee for a participant submitting to wear a drug patch under the 24/7 sobriety program.. Description: Increase the maximum user fee for a participant submitting to wear a drug patch under the 24/7 sobriety program.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Clarify the membership of the Open Meeting Commission.. Description: Clarify the membership of the Open Meeting Commission.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the criteria for removal from the sex offender registry.. Description: Modify the criteria for removal from the sex offender registry.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify tax refunds for elderly persons and persons with a disability, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Modify tax refunds for elderly persons and persons with a disability, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Allow eligible members of the South Dakota National Guard attending an in-state private, nonprofit post-secondary institution to receive the state tuition benefit.. Description: Allow eligible members of the South Dakota National Guard attending an in-state private, nonprofit post-secondary institution to receive the state tuition benefit.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal the Petroleum Release Compensation Board.. Description: Repeal the Petroleum Release Compensation Board.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide that certain personal information of a lottery prize winner may only be used for advertising or promotion with the winner's consent.. Description: Provide that certain personal information of a lottery prize winner may only be used for advertising or promotion with the winner's consent.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding repair and maintenance of mail routes.. Description: Revise provisions regarding repair and maintenance of mail routes.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend the amount a merchant or place of business may assess against returned checks.. Description: Amend the amount a merchant or place of business may assess against returned checks.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit a homeowners' association from placing restrictions on firearms or firearm ammunition.. Description: Prohibit a homeowners' association from placing restrictions on firearms or firearm ammunition.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish a criminal background check requirement for licensure as an occupational therapist or occupational therapy assistant.. Description: Establish a criminal background check requirement for licensure as an occupational therapist or occupational therapy assistant.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify an administrative procedure for revoking a nonresponsive insurance producer's license.. Description: Modify an administrative procedure for revoking a nonresponsive insurance producer's license.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish procedures for the imposition of fines and probation against medical cannabis establishments, increase the allowable fee for a medical cannabis establishment registration certificate, and direct the Department of Health to promulgate rules to increase the fee for a registration certificate.. Description: Establish procedures for the imposition of fines and probation against medical cannabis establishments, increase the allowable fee for a medical cannabis establishment registration certificate, and direct the Department of Health to promulgate rules to increase the fee for a registration certificate.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to reimburse health care professionals who have complied with the requirements for health care recruitment assistance programs, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to reimburse health care professionals who have complied with the requirements for health care recruitment assistance programs, and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the establishment of a Center for Quantum Information Science and Technology and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the establishment of a Center for Quantum Information Science and Technology and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the disclosure of referral status by Department of Human Services personnel.. Description: Authorize the disclosure of referral status by Department of Human Services personnel.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the incentive program for juvenile diversion opportunities.. Description: Revise the incentive program for juvenile diversion opportunities.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the site preparation of a prison facility for offenders committed to the Department of Corrections, to transfer moneys to the incarceration construction fund, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the site preparation of a prison facility for offenders committed to the Department of Corrections, to transfer moneys to the incarceration construction fund, and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the site preparation and construction of a prison facility for offenders committed to the Department of Corrections in Rapid City, to transfer moneys to the incarceration construction fund, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the site preparation and construction of a prison facility for offenders committed to the Department of Corrections in Rapid City, to transfer moneys to the incarceration construction fund, and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise property tax levies for school districts and to revise the state aid to general and special education formulas.. Description: Revise property tax levies for school districts and to revise the state aid to general and special education formulas.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the General Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2024.. Description: Revise the General Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for eligible water and wastewater projects and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for eligible water and wastewater projects and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update hunting and fishing residency requirements.. Description: Update hunting and fishing residency requirements.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Remove multiple vehicle ownership as a condition for purchasing an additional park entry license at a reduced price.. Description: Remove multiple vehicle ownership as a condition for purchasing an additional park entry license at a reduced price.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Permit the operation of a Class I electric bicycle on the Mickelson Trail.. Description: Permit the operation of a Class I electric bicycle on the Mickelson Trail.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Create uniform procedures for consideration of criminal histories and convictions in professional or occupational licensure.. Description: Create uniform procedures for consideration of criminal histories and convictions in professional or occupational licensure.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding money transmission.. Description: Revise provisions regarding money transmission.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the downgrade of commercial driver licenses and commercial learners permits upon notice of certain drug and alcohol violations.. Description: Provide for the downgrade of commercial driver licenses and commercial learners permits upon notice of certain drug and alcohol violations.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update references to certain regulations regarding medical qualifications for certain commercial drivers.. Description: Update references to certain regulations regarding medical qualifications for certain commercial drivers.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for eligible water, wastewater, and storm water projects throughout state government, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for eligible water, wastewater, and storm water projects throughout state government, and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the sale of certain real estate located in Hughes County and to provide for the deposit of the proceeds into a continuously appropriated fund.. Description: Provide for the sale of certain real estate located in Hughes County and to provide for the deposit of the proceeds into a continuously appropriated fund.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend certain provisions pertaining to the South Dakota Retirement System to comply with federal law.. Description: Amend certain provisions pertaining to the South Dakota Retirement System to comply with federal law.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend certain provisions pertaining to the South Dakota Retirement System.. Description: Amend certain provisions pertaining to the South Dakota Retirement System.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the replacement of the Richmond Lake dam and spillway, for the general maintenance and repair of other state-owned dams, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the replacement of the Richmond Lake dam and spillway, for the general maintenance and repair of other state-owned dams, and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Remove a prohibition on the ability of law enforcement and various governmental entities to inspect, search, seize, prosecute, or impose disciplinary action on cannabis dispensaries, cultivation facilities, manufacturing facilities, and testing facilities.. Description: Remove a prohibition on the ability of law enforcement and various governmental entities to inspect, search, seize, prosecute, or impose disciplinary action on cannabis dispensaries, cultivation facilities, manufacturing facilities, and testing facilities.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the annual limit of tax credits that an insurance company may claim through the partners in education tax credit program.. Description: Increase the annual limit of tax credits that an insurance company may claim through the partners in education tax credit program.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide that the presiding officer of the Senate is required to sign each enrolled bill.. Description: Provide that the presiding officer of the Senate is required to sign each enrolled bill.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify provisions pertaining to the designation of a legal newspaper.. Description: Modify provisions pertaining to the designation of a legal newspaper.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify provisions pertaining to the appointment of vacant positions on a board or commission.. Description: Modify provisions pertaining to the appointment of vacant positions on a board or commission.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise a provision related to threatening law enforcement officers.. Description: Revise a provision related to threatening law enforcement officers.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for an E15 fuel tax refund.. Description: Provide for an E15 fuel tax refund.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to the possession, distribution, and manufacture of child pornography.. Description: Revise provisions related to the possession, distribution, and manufacture of child pornography.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Improve technology equipment for providers of elderly care and to make an appropriation therefor.. Description: Improve technology equipment for providers of elderly care and to make an appropriation therefor.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Expand permission on installing electric wiring in a residence.. Description: Expand permission on installing electric wiring in a residence.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the revised construction costs of maintenance shops for the Wildland Fire Suppression Division and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the revised construction costs of maintenance shops for the Wildland Fire Suppression Division and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update the edition of the guidebook used for measuring damages to trees or plants.. Description: Update the edition of the guidebook used for measuring damages to trees or plants.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Allow a municipality authorized to allow legal games of chance to issue additional off-sale liquor licenses to hotel-motel convention facilities.. Description: Allow a municipality authorized to allow legal games of chance to issue additional off-sale liquor licenses to hotel-motel convention facilities.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to the State Board of Medical and Osteopathic Examiners and its appointed professional councils.. Description: Revise provisions related to the State Board of Medical and Osteopathic Examiners and its appointed professional councils.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide information to an injured employee about eligibility in a program offered by a nonprofit organization.. Description: Provide information to an injured employee about eligibility in a program offered by a nonprofit organization.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Reduce the notice requirement period to terminate a tenancy at will.. Description: Reduce the notice requirement period to terminate a tenancy at will.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise and repeal provisions related to forcible entry and detainer.. Description: Revise and repeal provisions related to forcible entry and detainer.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend provisions pertaining to the partners in education tax credit program.. Description: Amend provisions pertaining to the partners in education tax credit program.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit the use of a deepfake to influence an election and to provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Prohibit the use of a deepfake to influence an election and to provide a penalty therefor.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish the admissibility of evidence of similar crimes in sexual assault cases.. Description: Establish the admissibility of evidence of similar crimes in sexual assault cases.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish the admissibility of evidence of similar crimes in child molestation cases.. Description: Establish the admissibility of evidence of similar crimes in child molestation cases.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify provisions pertaining to applying for an absentee ballot application and to declare an emergency.. Description: Modify provisions pertaining to applying for an absentee ballot application and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise a provision related to retrocession of jurisdiction over federal enclaves.. Description: Revise a provision related to retrocession of jurisdiction over federal enclaves.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise requirements for mining and mineral exploration.. Description: Revise requirements for mining and mineral exploration.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish a non-resident title fee.. Description: Establish a non-resident title fee.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prevent a county, township, or municipality from authorizing a guaranteed income program.. Description: Prevent a county, township, or municipality from authorizing a guaranteed income program.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding industrial hemp.. Description: Revise provisions regarding industrial hemp.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Permit the use of an online management and communication platform to be used by homeowners who are governed by a restrictive contract.. Description: Permit the use of an online management and communication platform to be used by homeowners who are governed by a restrictive contract.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Permit the use of tribal identification cards when registering to vote.. Description: Permit the use of tribal identification cards when registering to vote.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide an additional basis for the Interim Rules Review Committee to revert a proposed administrative rule.. Description: Provide an additional basis for the Interim Rules Review Committee to revert a proposed administrative rule.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise provisions pertaining to voter registration requirements and the state board of elections.. Description: Revise provisions pertaining to voter registration requirements and the state board of elections.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the eligibility of roads for the rural access infrastructure fund.. Description: Revise the eligibility of roads for the rural access infrastructure fund.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Improve agriculture in South Dakota.. Description: Improve agriculture in South Dakota.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the requirements pertaining to average teacher compensation and to establish a minimum teacher salary.. Description: Revise the requirements pertaining to average teacher compensation and to establish a minimum teacher salary.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Improve public safety in South Dakota.. Description: Improve public safety in South Dakota.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Include shelterbelts as a factor affecting productivity in determining assessed value of agricultural land.. Description: Include shelterbelts as a factor affecting productivity in determining assessed value of agricultural land.
In 2024, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to create the healthy forest critical infrastructure relief and grant program and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to create the healthy forest critical infrastructure relief and grant program and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Expand the scope of a physician wellness program and to declare an emergency.. Description: Expand the scope of a physician wellness program and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Repeal the expiration of a reduction in certain gross receipts and use tax rates.. Description: Repeal the expiration of a reduction in certain gross receipts and use tax rates.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Make an appropriation to provide for the development of South Dakota.. Description: Make an appropriation to provide for the development of South Dakota.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for grants to support airport terminal infrastructure projects and terminal improvement and expansion.. Description: Make an appropriation for grants to support airport terminal infrastructure projects and terminal improvement and expansion.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise and repeal provisions related to threatening persons holding statewide office, judicial officers, and elected officers and to provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Revise and repeal provisions related to threatening persons holding statewide office, judicial officers, and elected officers and to provide a penalty therefor.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the distribution of informational materials regarding palliative care.. Description: Provide for the distribution of informational materials regarding palliative care.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide permissive authority to a governing body of a municipality or county to deny reissuance of an on-sale license not actively used.. Description: Provide permissive authority to a governing body of a municipality or county to deny reissuance of an on-sale license not actively used.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish maximum fees for legal publications and to remove related rule-making authority from the Bureau of Administration.. Description: Establish maximum fees for legal publications and to remove related rule-making authority from the Bureau of Administration.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Create the South Dakota-Ireland Trade Commission.. Description: Create the South Dakota-Ireland Trade Commission.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for victim services.. Description: Make an appropriation for victim services.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding drones.. Description: Revise provisions regarding drones.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal and replace an appropriation regarding the South Dakota women's prison and to declare an emergency.. Description: Repeal and replace an appropriation regarding the South Dakota women's prison and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make and change an appropriation related to the construction of the new state public health laboratory and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make and change an appropriation related to the construction of the new state public health laboratory and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Allow a person to temporarily take responsibility of a feral cat for the purpose of spaying or neutering the animal.. Description: Allow a person to temporarily take responsibility of a feral cat for the purpose of spaying or neutering the animal.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Permit the appointment of a circuit court judge or Supreme Court justice as a member of the Public Utilities Commission in place of a disqualified or incapacitated commissioner.. Description: Permit the appointment of a circuit court judge or Supreme Court justice as a member of the Public Utilities Commission in place of a disqualified or incapacitated commissioner.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal and revise certain provisions regarding the petition circulation process to comply with federal court decisions.. Description: Repeal and revise certain provisions regarding the petition circulation process to comply with federal court decisions.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to establish a cybersecurity services initiative for counties and municipalities and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to establish a cybersecurity services initiative for counties and municipalities and to declare an emergency.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the time before which rural access infrastructure grant moneys must be expended or obligated.. Description: Modify the time before which rural access infrastructure grant moneys must be expended or obligated.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require a comparison of reemployment assistance recipients against death records for reemployment assistance eligibility integrity.. Description: Require a comparison of reemployment assistance recipients against death records for reemployment assistance eligibility integrity.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Restrict the use of medical cannabis for individuals on probation or conditional release.. Description: Restrict the use of medical cannabis for individuals on probation or conditional release.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Create a license plate for certain retired firefighters and clarify provisions regarding special firefighter license plates.. Description: Create a license plate for certain retired firefighters and clarify provisions regarding special firefighter license plates.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide new statutory requirements for regulating linear transmission facilities, to allow counties to impose a surcharge on certain pipeline companies, and to establish a landowner bill of rights.. Description: Provide new statutory requirements for regulating linear transmission facilities, to allow counties to impose a surcharge on certain pipeline companies, and to establish a landowner bill of rights.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Expand certain privileges for individuals who hold an unrestricted enhanced concealed carry permit.. Description: Expand certain privileges for individuals who hold an unrestricted enhanced concealed carry permit.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish reporting requirements for future fund awards or grants and to make technical changes.. Description: Establish reporting requirements for future fund awards or grants and to make technical changes.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for grants to assisted living centers and nursing facilities for costs related to telemedicine.. Description: Make an appropriation for grants to assisted living centers and nursing facilities for costs related to telemedicine.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise notarial acts.. Description: Revise notarial acts.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Allow for the payment of goods or services by a school district between school board meetings in certain circumstances.. Description: Allow for the payment of goods or services by a school district between school board meetings in certain circumstances.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require disclosure of certain information prior to the sale of property bound by a homeowners' association.. Description: Require disclosure of certain information prior to the sale of property bound by a homeowners' association.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify provisions related to the control of counties and municipalities over medical marijuana establishments within their jurisdictions.. Description: Modify provisions related to the control of counties and municipalities over medical marijuana establishments within their jurisdictions.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: In support of investigating and opening an official inquiry into the Medals of Honor given to the United States soldiers who participated in the Wounded Knee Massacre of 1890.. Description: In support of investigating and opening an official inquiry into the Medals of Honor given to the United States soldiers who participated in the Wounded Knee Massacre of 1890.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Supporting the Electoral College.. Description: Supporting the Electoral College.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To create the One Hundredth Session Planning Committee of the South Dakota Legislature.. Description: To create the One Hundredth Session Planning Committee of the South Dakota Legislature.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Affirming the Legislature's support and commitment of the State of Israel.. Description: Affirming the Legislature's support and commitment of the State of Israel.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Urging the members of South Dakota's congressional delegation to sponsor and support an amendment to the Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) Act.. Description: Urging the members of South Dakota's congressional delegation to sponsor and support an amendment to the Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) Act.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Encouraging the United States Department of Veteran Affairs to allow veterans to receive long-term care services at facilities that do not otherwise meet the requirements set by the department.. Description: Encouraging the United States Department of Veteran Affairs to allow veterans to receive long-term care services at facilities that do not otherwise meet the requirements set by the department.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Opposing an initiated measure to place the right to an abortion in the Constitution of South Dakota.. Description: Opposing an initiated measure to place the right to an abortion in the Constitution of South Dakota.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Acknowledging the need to protect our borders and affirming South Dakota's support of the defense of the southern border.. Description: Acknowledging the need to protect our borders and affirming South Dakota's support of the defense of the southern border.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Urging the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) law enforcement to establish a law enforcement training academy in South Dakota.. Description: Urging the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) law enforcement to establish a law enforcement training academy in South Dakota.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Celebrating the sister-state relationship with Taiwan.. Description: Celebrating the sister-state relationship with Taiwan.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To analyze and report information on the healthcare workforce in South Dakota.. Description: To analyze and report information on the healthcare workforce in South Dakota.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Opposing the adoption and development of a central bank digital currency.. Description: Opposing the adoption and development of a central bank digital currency.
In 2024, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Affirming the value of grassland ecosystems and the importance of farmers and ranchers as managers.. Description: Affirming the value of grassland ecosystems and the importance of farmers and ranchers as managers.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election, an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, authorizing the state to impose work requirements on certain individuals who are eligible for expanded Medicaid.. Description: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election, an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, authorizing the state to impose work requirements on certain individuals who are eligible for expanded Medicaid.
In 2024, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Providing legislative approval for a future use water permit application by the Lewis and Clark Regional Water System.. Description: Providing legislative approval for a future use water permit application by the Lewis and Clark Regional Water System.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Allow the Government Operations and Audit Committee to issue subpoenas without Executive Board approval.. Description: Allow the Government Operations and Audit Committee to issue subpoenas without Executive Board approval.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update the official code of laws.. Description: Update the official code of laws.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal provisions requiring prison or jail cost estimates and to declare an emergency.. Description: Repeal provisions requiring prison or jail cost estimates and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update a reference to the Internal Revenue Code for purposes of higher education savings plans.. Description: Update a reference to the Internal Revenue Code for purposes of higher education savings plans.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update certain citations to federal regulations regarding pipeline safety inspections.. Description: Update certain citations to federal regulations regarding pipeline safety inspections.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the funding for construction of an addition to the Kinsman Building in Pierre, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Increase the funding for construction of an addition to the Kinsman Building in Pierre, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Add emergency medical services personnel to Class B public safety membership of the South Dakota Retirement System.. Description: Add emergency medical services personnel to Class B public safety membership of the South Dakota Retirement System.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions relating to actuarial terminology used by the South Dakota Retirement System.. Description: Revise provisions relating to actuarial terminology used by the South Dakota Retirement System.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update provisions related to the licensure of speech-language pathologists and speech-language pathology assistants.. Description: Update provisions related to the licensure of speech-language pathologists and speech-language pathology assistants.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update provisions related to the licensure of funeral directors and the provision of funeral services.. Description: Update provisions related to the licensure of funeral directors and the provision of funeral services.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the South Dakota Department of Corrections to construct a prison facility for offenders committed to the Department of Corrections in Rapid City, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the South Dakota Department of Corrections to construct a prison facility for offenders committed to the Department of Corrections in Rapid City, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the Department of Corrections to purchase certain real property, to contract for the design of a prison facility for offenders committed to the Department of Corrections, to make an appropriation therefor, to transfer funds to the incarceration construction fund, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the Department of Corrections to purchase certain real property, to contract for the design of a prison facility for offenders committed to the Department of Corrections, to make an appropriation therefor, to transfer funds to the incarceration construction fund, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal the authorized forfeiture of property used in the illegal capture of fish.. Description: Repeal the authorized forfeiture of property used in the illegal capture of fish.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal certain requirements for Game, Fish and Parks licensing agents.. Description: Repeal certain requirements for Game, Fish and Parks licensing agents.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to the State Conservation Commission and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to the State Conservation Commission and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for increased costs related to the construction of the new state public health laboratory, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for increased costs related to the construction of the new state public health laboratory, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the construction of a maintenance shop for the Wildland Fire Suppression Division in Rapid City and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the construction of a maintenance shop for the Wildland Fire Suppression Division in Rapid City and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the construction of a maintenance shop for the Wildland Fire Suppression Division in Hot Springs and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the construction of a maintenance shop for the Wildland Fire Suppression Division in Hot Springs and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the fees for registration of an apiary.. Description: Revise the fees for registration of an apiary.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for costs related to suppression of wildfires in the state and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for costs related to suppression of wildfires in the state and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for costs related to disasters in the state and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for costs related to disasters in the state and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify expiration dates and enforcement actions pertaining to pesticide applicator licenses.. Description: Modify expiration dates and enforcement actions pertaining to pesticide applicator licenses.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the county zoning and appeals process.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the county zoning and appeals process.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the revised construction costs of the bioproducts facility in Brookings, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the revised construction costs of the bioproducts facility in Brookings, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the demolition and reconstruction of agricultural-use structures at South Dakota State University, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the demolition and reconstruction of agricultural-use structures at South Dakota State University, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the uniform administration of tobacco products taxes.. Description: Provide for the uniform administration of tobacco products taxes.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify tax refunds for elderly persons and persons with a disability, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Modify tax refunds for elderly persons and persons with a disability, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to the Department of Revenue for the modernization of the motor vehicle administration system, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to the Department of Revenue for the modernization of the motor vehicle administration system, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase civil penalties for commercial driver's license holders and motor carriers.. Description: Increase civil penalties for commercial driver's license holders and motor carriers.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Amend the eligibility for admission to the state veterans home and repeal the residency requirement.. Description: Amend the eligibility for admission to the state veterans home and repeal the residency requirement.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions pertaining to the Department of Veterans Affairs and residency in the State Veterans Home.. Description: Revise certain provisions pertaining to the Department of Veterans Affairs and residency in the State Veterans Home.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the payment of tuition for members of the South Dakota National Guard.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the payment of tuition for members of the South Dakota National Guard.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide an exception to the definition of drug paraphernalia.. Description: Provide an exception to the definition of drug paraphernalia.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update additional charges allowed for mailing decals and plates and to declare an emergency.. Description: Update additional charges allowed for mailing decals and plates and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the basic salary schedule for county veterans' service officers.. Description: Increase the basic salary schedule for county veterans' service officers.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide free tuition at Board of Technical Education institutions for children or spouses of members of the South Dakota National Guard disabled or deceased in the line of duty.. Description: Provide free tuition at Board of Technical Education institutions for children or spouses of members of the South Dakota National Guard disabled or deceased in the line of duty.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding military affairs.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding military affairs.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal and make technical changes to provisions regarding the Board of Military Affairs.. Description: Repeal and make technical changes to provisions regarding the Board of Military Affairs.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the General Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2023.. Description: Revise the General Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit the issuance of a written certification to a pregnant woman or breastfeeding mother for purposes of medical cannabis use.. Description: Prohibit the issuance of a written certification to a pregnant woman or breastfeeding mother for purposes of medical cannabis use.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide a stipend for the erection of a private headstone for a deceased veteran.. Description: Provide a stipend for the erection of a private headstone for a deceased veteran.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the dollar amount of South Dakota opportunity scholarships.. Description: Increase the dollar amount of South Dakota opportunity scholarships.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the limit of consecutive terms for members of the Board of Technical Education.. Description: Modify the limit of consecutive terms for members of the Board of Technical Education.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Allow for the appointment of county coroner by all counties.. Description: Allow for the appointment of county coroner by all counties.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise the water resources projects list.. Description: Revise the water resources projects list.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish a community paramedic endorsement.. Description: Establish a community paramedic endorsement.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify provisions related to procurement for the state and other purchasing agencies.. Description: Modify provisions related to procurement for the state and other purchasing agencies.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Clarify the convening of recount boards for primary elections.. Description: Clarify the convening of recount boards for primary elections.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require the Unified Judicial System to assemble a task force to address barriers to services for emerging adults involved in the justice system in South Dakota.. Description: Require the Unified Judicial System to assemble a task force to address barriers to services for emerging adults involved in the justice system in South Dakota.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require the Unified Judicial System to assemble a task force to address the provision of legal services to indigent parties within the South Dakota court system and to declare an emergency.. Description: Require the Unified Judicial System to assemble a task force to address the provision of legal services to indigent parties within the South Dakota court system and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the maximum amount of dollars payable by the state to erect the headstone of a deceased veteran.. Description: Increase the maximum amount of dollars payable by the state to erect the headstone of a deceased veteran.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish use of force course standards.. Description: Establish use of force course standards.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Subject lithium to severance tax.. Description: Subject lithium to severance tax.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to the Department of Human Services for the development and expansion of adult day services programs and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to the Department of Human Services for the development and expansion of adult day services programs and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to the Department of Health to provide grants to support mental health and suicide prevention programs, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to the Department of Health to provide grants to support mental health and suicide prevention programs, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit certain medical and surgical interventions on minor patients.. Description: Prohibit certain medical and surgical interventions on minor patients.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update requirements for an insurance company seeking to do business in this state.. Description: Update requirements for an insurance company seeking to do business in this state.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify protections for agricultural operations from nuisance claims.. Description: Modify protections for agricultural operations from nuisance claims.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend provisions of the insurance statutes regarding producer recommendations and responsibilities.. Description: Amend provisions of the insurance statutes regarding producer recommendations and responsibilities.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to enhance the economic health of South Dakota and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to enhance the economic health of South Dakota and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Lower the state sales tax rate and the state use tax rate on food to zero percent, and to repeal a conditional reduction of certain gross receipts tax rates.. Description: Lower the state sales tax rate and the state use tax rate on food to zero percent, and to repeal a conditional reduction of certain gross receipts tax rates.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to juror compensation.. Description: Revise provisions related to juror compensation.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Ensure the proper labeling of American Indian arts and crafts.. Description: Ensure the proper labeling of American Indian arts and crafts.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Revise certain provisions pertaining to poll watchers.. Description: Revise certain provisions pertaining to poll watchers.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to abandoned mobile or manufactured homes.. Description: Revise provisions related to abandoned mobile or manufactured homes.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify provisions for a statewide runoff election.. Description: Modify provisions for a statewide runoff election.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the qualifications to be a member of a county recount board.. Description: Revise the qualifications to be a member of a county recount board.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions pertaining to the destruction of ballots and pollbooks after an election.. Description: Revise certain provisions pertaining to the destruction of ballots and pollbooks after an election.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit the use of state resources in hosting lewd or lascivious content.. Description: Prohibit the use of state resources in hosting lewd or lascivious content.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to support the small and mid-sized manufacturers, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to support the small and mid-sized manufacturers, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to support the South Dakota Small Business Development Center and the South Dakota Procurement Technical Assistance Center, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to support the South Dakota Small Business Development Center and the South Dakota Procurement Technical Assistance Center, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize school boards to modify the length of terms for members to allow for holding joint elections.. Description: Authorize school boards to modify the length of terms for members to allow for holding joint elections.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify provisions pertaining to the testing of automatic tabulating equipment.. Description: Modify provisions pertaining to the testing of automatic tabulating equipment.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to support volunteer fire departments and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to support volunteer fire departments and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Modify and establish provisions related to medical cannabis.. Description: Modify and establish provisions related to medical cannabis.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the duties of the medical marijuana oversight committee.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the duties of the medical marijuana oversight committee.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Define a commodity for the purpose of qualifying as a common carrier.. Description: Define a commodity for the purpose of qualifying as a common carrier.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for transparency in the pricing of prescription drugs.. Description: Provide for transparency in the pricing of prescription drugs.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Reduce certain gross receipts tax rates and a use tax rate, and to repeal a conditional reduction of certain gross receipts tax rates.. Description: Reduce certain gross receipts tax rates and a use tax rate, and to repeal a conditional reduction of certain gross receipts tax rates.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Require updated cost report information for certain community-based health and human services providers.. Description: Require updated cost report information for certain community-based health and human services providers.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require the secretary of state to determine if a legislatively proposed constitutional amendment complies with the single subject requirement and is not a constitutional revision.. Description: Require the secretary of state to determine if a legislatively proposed constitutional amendment complies with the single subject requirement and is not a constitutional revision.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Provide property tax relief for owner-occupied single-family dwellings.. Description: Provide property tax relief for owner-occupied single-family dwellings.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Improve education outcomes and college affordability.. Description: Improve education outcomes and college affordability.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the restoration, maintenance, and repair of the state capitol and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the restoration, maintenance, and repair of the state capitol and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the order of precedence for the right to control the disposition of the remains of a deceased person.. Description: Revise the order of precedence for the right to control the disposition of the remains of a deceased person.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the organization of townships or fractions of townships.. Description: Provide for the organization of townships or fractions of townships.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Clarify registration and residence requirements for voting at a township meeting.. Description: Clarify registration and residence requirements for voting at a township meeting.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide a medical cannabis patient a registry identification card fee waiver in certain circumstances.. Description: Provide a medical cannabis patient a registry identification card fee waiver in certain circumstances.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update travel expenses, moving expenses, and other reimbursements.. Description: Update travel expenses, moving expenses, and other reimbursements.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify acceptable conduct for practitioners related to medical cannabis.. Description: Modify acceptable conduct for practitioners related to medical cannabis.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Add dental practices as eligible facilities to participate in the rural health care recruitment assistance program.. Description: Add dental practices as eligible facilities to participate in the rural health care recruitment assistance program.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Ban counterfeit airbags.. Description: Ban counterfeit airbags.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Limit probation for offenders with four or more felony convictions.. Description: Limit probation for offenders with four or more felony convictions.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize employers to acquire and make available opioid antagonists.. Description: Authorize employers to acquire and make available opioid antagonists.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify certain provisions pertaining to absentee voting.. Description: Modify certain provisions pertaining to absentee voting.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions related to mileage reimbursement.. Description: Revise certain provisions related to mileage reimbursement.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish mandatory sentences for certain driving while under the influence violations.. Description: Establish mandatory sentences for certain driving while under the influence violations.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Require a practitioner's medical assessment of a patient to occur in certain facilities for purposes of medical cannabis use.. Description: Require a practitioner's medical assessment of a patient to occur in certain facilities for purposes of medical cannabis use.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for appropriate civil commitment of certain persons.. Description: Provide for appropriate civil commitment of certain persons.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update references to the Governor, lieutenant governor, and other persons.. Description: Update references to the Governor, lieutenant governor, and other persons.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding on-sale alcoholic beverage licenses for use at municipality-owned facilities.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding on-sale alcoholic beverage licenses for use at municipality-owned facilities.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the state's participation in the interstate compact on occupational therapy licensure.. Description: Authorize the state's participation in the interstate compact on occupational therapy licensure.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to the One-Call Notification Board.. Description: Revise provisions related to the One-Call Notification Board.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit certain restrictions in employment contracts.. Description: Prohibit certain restrictions in employment contracts.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require certain entities owning agricultural land to report foreign beneficial ownership interests.. Description: Require certain entities owning agricultural land to report foreign beneficial ownership interests.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Clarify the duties of truancy officers.. Description: Clarify the duties of truancy officers.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for improving the buildings and grounds of the capitol complex and declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for improving the buildings and grounds of the capitol complex and declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Require a percentage of signatures on a petition to initiate a constitutional amendment to be obtained from each legislative district.. Description: Require a percentage of signatures on a petition to initiate a constitutional amendment to be obtained from each legislative district.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide for the election of State Brand Board members.. Description: Provide for the election of State Brand Board members.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the use of conservation district special revenue fund monies and to provide an appropriation therefor.. Description: Modify the use of conservation district special revenue fund monies and to provide an appropriation therefor.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the operation of a golf cart on a state or county highway.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the operation of a golf cart on a state or county highway.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide that a female who undergoes an unlawful abortion may not be held criminally liable.. Description: Provide that a female who undergoes an unlawful abortion may not be held criminally liable.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Limit the liability of permit and certificate-issuing entities and certified use of force instructors.. Description: Limit the liability of permit and certificate-issuing entities and certified use of force instructors.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Regulate industrial hemp-derived delta-8 and delta-10 tetrahydrocannabinol products, and other hemp-derived psychoactive compounds, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Regulate industrial hemp-derived delta-8 and delta-10 tetrahydrocannabinol products, and other hemp-derived psychoactive compounds, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Clarify references to the court in a condemnation action.. Description: Clarify references to the court in a condemnation action.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions related to the sealing of adoption records.. Description: Revise certain provisions related to the sealing of adoption records.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit a ban of fuel gas appliances used by consumers.. Description: Prohibit a ban of fuel gas appliances used by consumers.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend provisions addressing guardianships and conservatorships.. Description: Amend provisions addressing guardianships and conservatorships.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify debilitating medical conditions for medical cannabis use.. Description: Modify debilitating medical conditions for medical cannabis use.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise Department of Corrections reporting requirements concerning abuse and neglect of individuals in private contracted facilities.. Description: Revise Department of Corrections reporting requirements concerning abuse and neglect of individuals in private contracted facilities.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit the issuance of a written certification to a pregnant woman or breastfeeding mother for purposes of medical cannabis use.. Description: Prohibit the issuance of a written certification to a pregnant woman or breastfeeding mother for purposes of medical cannabis use.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify a court's authority to commit a habitual juvenile offender to the Department of Corrections.. Description: Modify a court's authority to commit a habitual juvenile offender to the Department of Corrections.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Extend the termination date of the Juvenile Justice Oversight Council and modify its membership requirements.. Description: Extend the termination date of the Juvenile Justice Oversight Council and modify its membership requirements.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize community response teams to recommend alternative community-based resources for children alleged to be delinquent and children alleged to be in need of supervision prior to adjudication.. Description: Authorize community response teams to recommend alternative community-based resources for children alleged to be delinquent and children alleged to be in need of supervision prior to adjudication.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Clarify emergency commitments of severely mentally ill persons by appropriate regional facilities.. Description: Clarify emergency commitments of severely mentally ill persons by appropriate regional facilities.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions relating to addiction and prevention services professionals.. Description: Revise provisions relating to addiction and prevention services professionals.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify discharge notice procedures applicable to developmentally disabled persons.. Description: Modify discharge notice procedures applicable to developmentally disabled persons.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Expand certification options for interpreters for the deaf.. Description: Expand certification options for interpreters for the deaf.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update the deposit threshold for actions related to general rate cases.. Description: Update the deposit threshold for actions related to general rate cases.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the construction of a National Guard vehicle maintenance shop in Watertown, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the construction of a National Guard vehicle maintenance shop in Watertown, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the construction of an addition to the BG Dean Mann Readiness Center in Sioux Falls, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the construction of an addition to the BG Dean Mann Readiness Center in Sioux Falls, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the legal description for the construction of a National Guard Readiness Center in Sioux Falls, make an additional appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise the legal description for the construction of a National Guard Readiness Center in Sioux Falls, make an additional appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Accept Uniformed Services ID as proof of veteran status to have veteran designation added to a state license or ID card.. Description: Accept Uniformed Services ID as proof of veteran status to have veteran designation added to a state license or ID card.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to rehabilitate the rail line from the city of Milbank to the city of Sisseton and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to rehabilitate the rail line from the city of Milbank to the city of Sisseton and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make appropriations for water and environmental purposes and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make appropriations for water and environmental purposes and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the appropriation for a livestock and equestrian complex at the State Fair, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise the appropriation for a livestock and equestrian complex at the State Fair, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the payment of extraordinary litigation expenses and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the payment of extraordinary litigation expenses and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the awarding of deobligated grants in accordance with policies of the Board of Water and Natural Resources.. Description: Authorize the awarding of deobligated grants in accordance with policies of the Board of Water and Natural Resources.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for costs related to the Black Hills National Forest Land and Resource Management Plan revision process and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for costs related to the Black Hills National Forest Land and Resource Management Plan revision process and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Streamline examination reports.. Description: Streamline examination reports.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the modernization of the state's enterprise resource planning systems and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the modernization of the state's enterprise resource planning systems and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise property tax levies for school districts and to revise the state aid to general and special education formulas.. Description: Revise property tax levies for school districts and to revise the state aid to general and special education formulas.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to reimburse health care professionals who have complied with the requirements for health care recruitment assistance programs and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to reimburse health care professionals who have complied with the requirements for health care recruitment assistance programs and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Transfer a property tax relief program, to change income requirements for certain property tax relief programs, and to index certain income schedules to inflation.. Description: Transfer a property tax relief program, to change income requirements for certain property tax relief programs, and to index certain income schedules to inflation.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Place certain substances on the controlled substances schedule and to declare an emergency.. Description: Place certain substances on the controlled substances schedule and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise and repeal obsolete provisions related to the Department of Social Services.. Description: Revise and repeal obsolete provisions related to the Department of Social Services.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain references to the Internal Revenue Code.. Description: Revise certain references to the Internal Revenue Code.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the criteria for remote sellers who must remit sales tax.. Description: Revise the criteria for remote sellers who must remit sales tax.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Create an off-road vehicle decal for non-residents visiting the state.. Description: Create an off-road vehicle decal for non-residents visiting the state.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend an appropriation for the revised construction costs of the Mineral Industries Building at the School of Mines and Technology, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Amend an appropriation for the revised construction costs of the Mineral Industries Building at the School of Mines and Technology, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the sale of real property in Lake County by the Board of Regents, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the sale of real property in Lake County by the Board of Regents, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to expand laboratory space at the Sanford Underground Research Facility and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to expand laboratory space at the Sanford Underground Research Facility and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions pertaining to the South Dakota School for the Deaf.. Description: Revise provisions pertaining to the South Dakota School for the Deaf.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Revise the process for nominating candidates for lieutenant governor and to make related technical changes.. Description: Revise the process for nominating candidates for lieutenant governor and to make related technical changes.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish a program for housing infrastructure loans and grants, make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Establish a program for housing infrastructure loans and grants, make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify power of attorney requirements for certain vehicle transfer authorizations.. Description: Modify power of attorney requirements for certain vehicle transfer authorizations.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding money transmission.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding money transmission.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal provisions regarding the creation of river basin natural resource districts.. Description: Repeal provisions regarding the creation of river basin natural resource districts.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Repeal the requirement for an annual report by the Board of Regents regarding intellectual diversity and the free exchange of ideas. Description: Repeal the requirement for an annual report by the Board of Regents regarding intellectual diversity and the free exchange of ideas
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Enhance the penalty for petition circulation perjury.. Description: Enhance the penalty for petition circulation perjury.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Enhance the penalty for attempted first degree murder of a law enforcement officer.. Description: Enhance the penalty for attempted first degree murder of a law enforcement officer.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the crime of witness tampering.. Description: Revise the crime of witness tampering.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the reimbursement of county expenses in detaining parole violators.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the reimbursement of county expenses in detaining parole violators.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update certain provisions regarding the Department of Corrections and the authority of the Secretary of Corrections.. Description: Update certain provisions regarding the Department of Corrections and the authority of the Secretary of Corrections.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Clarify that the special amusement excise tax applies to the sale of amusement devices.. Description: Clarify that the special amusement excise tax applies to the sale of amusement devices.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to the Department of Education for grants to support career and technical education programs, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to the Department of Education for grants to support career and technical education programs, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise driver's license suspensions for restricted permit holders over the age of sixteen.. Description: Revise driver's license suspensions for restricted permit holders over the age of sixteen.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend provisions regarding delivery of electronic insurance documents.. Description: Amend provisions regarding delivery of electronic insurance documents.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal provisions related to the jail mental health screening pilot program and oversight council.. Description: Repeal provisions related to the jail mental health screening pilot program and oversight council.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to emergency and involuntary commitment for alcohol and drug abuse.. Description: Revise provisions related to emergency and involuntary commitment for alcohol and drug abuse.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Modify the approval process for certain out-of-state travel and related costs by a legislative member.. Description: Modify the approval process for certain out-of-state travel and related costs by a legislative member.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the composition of the State-Tribal Relations Committee.. Description: Modify the composition of the State-Tribal Relations Committee.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to courtroom modifications for child witnesses.. Description: Revise provisions related to courtroom modifications for child witnesses.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize other fuel taxes to be included in the states International Fuel Tax Agreement collections.. Description: Authorize other fuel taxes to be included in the states International Fuel Tax Agreement collections.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to the discharge of a defendant restored to competency.. Description: Revise provisions related to the discharge of a defendant restored to competency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Exclude township-owned self-propelled machinery, equipment, and vehicles from fuel excise tax.. Description: Exclude township-owned self-propelled machinery, equipment, and vehicles from fuel excise tax.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide for the establishment of regional jail authorities.. Description: Provide for the establishment of regional jail authorities.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to parental support for expenses related to pregnancy and childbirth.. Description: Revise provisions related to parental support for expenses related to pregnancy and childbirth.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for licensure by endorsement for certain licensed professionals and occupations.. Description: Provide for licensure by endorsement for certain licensed professionals and occupations.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Reinstate the restricted real estate broker's license for auctioneers and revise real estate licensing.. Description: Reinstate the restricted real estate broker's license for auctioneers and revise real estate licensing.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Create the South Dakota Board of Physical Therapy and make an appropriation therefor.. Description: Create the South Dakota Board of Physical Therapy and make an appropriation therefor.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to the Department of Game, Fish and Parks to improve and repair infrastructure around Hiddenwood Lake and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to the Department of Game, Fish and Parks to improve and repair infrastructure around Hiddenwood Lake and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal outdated sections regarding enhanced concealed carry permit requirements.. Description: Repeal outdated sections regarding enhanced concealed carry permit requirements.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish the stronger families scholarship program for children in foster care, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Establish the stronger families scholarship program for children in foster care, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding water development districts.. Description: Revise provisions regarding water development districts.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize compensation for water project district directors.. Description: Authorize compensation for water project district directors.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise rebating provisions in the insurance code.. Description: Revise rebating provisions in the insurance code.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require candidates for party precinct committeeman or committeewoman to include an email address and phone number in the written statement submitted to the county auditor.. Description: Require candidates for party precinct committeeman or committeewoman to include an email address and phone number in the written statement submitted to the county auditor.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish educational standards for the expanded practice of optometry.. Description: Establish educational standards for the expanded practice of optometry.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend a provision allowing municipalities to jointly license and regulate intercity services.. Description: Amend a provision allowing municipalities to jointly license and regulate intercity services.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the daily maximum award for the alternative care program administered by the Unified Judicial System.. Description: Increase the daily maximum award for the alternative care program administered by the Unified Judicial System.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide certain definitions related to the crime of rape.. Description: Provide certain definitions related to the crime of rape.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the crime of rape and provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the crime of rape and provide a penalty therefor.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require that certain operations obtain their own general or individual water pollution permits.. Description: Require that certain operations obtain their own general or individual water pollution permits.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide an increased appropriation for the construction costs of an athletics events center at Dakota State University, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Provide an increased appropriation for the construction costs of an athletics events center at Dakota State University, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Amend provisions regarding trusts.. Description: Amend provisions regarding trusts.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Identify the means of conducting a criminal background check for the renewal of a gold card or an enhanced permit to carry a concealed pistol.. Description: Identify the means of conducting a criminal background check for the renewal of a gold card or an enhanced permit to carry a concealed pistol.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide the Department of Health with oversight authority for the provision of emergency medical services.. Description: Provide the Department of Health with oversight authority for the provision of emergency medical services.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require the continued maintenance of the official list of candidates prior to an election.. Description: Require the continued maintenance of the official list of candidates prior to an election.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Create a pilot program in the Unified Judicial System for risk and lethality assessments for certain persons accused of assault or protection order violations.. Description: Create a pilot program in the Unified Judicial System for risk and lethality assessments for certain persons accused of assault or protection order violations.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Reduce certain gross receipts tax rates and a use tax rate, and to repeal a conditional reduction of certain gross receipts tax rates.. Description: Reduce certain gross receipts tax rates and a use tax rate, and to repeal a conditional reduction of certain gross receipts tax rates.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Require updated cost report information for certain community-based health and human services providers.. Description: Require updated cost report information for certain community-based health and human services providers.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish and modify provisions related to economic development.. Description: Establish and modify provisions related to economic development.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Reduce certain gross receipts tax rates and a use tax rate, and to repeal a conditional reduction of certain gross receipts tax rates.. Description: Reduce certain gross receipts tax rates and a use tax rate, and to repeal a conditional reduction of certain gross receipts tax rates.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish and modify provisions related to initiated petitions.. Description: Establish and modify provisions related to initiated petitions.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding consideration of out-of-state convictions for driving under the influence.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding consideration of out-of-state convictions for driving under the influence.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Authorize legislative intervention into certain cases pertaining to election law.. Description: Authorize legislative intervention into certain cases pertaining to election law.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Expand eligibility for certain teachers who receive reduced tuition at Board of Regents institutions.. Description: Expand eligibility for certain teachers who receive reduced tuition at Board of Regents institutions.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase an amount of property value owned by a local industrial development corporation that is exempt from taxation.. Description: Increase an amount of property value owned by a local industrial development corporation that is exempt from taxation.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the appointment of legislators to the Agricultural Land Assessment Implementation and Oversight Advisory Task Force.. Description: Revise the appointment of legislators to the Agricultural Land Assessment Implementation and Oversight Advisory Task Force.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise membership of the Medical Marijuana Oversight Committee.. Description: Revise membership of the Medical Marijuana Oversight Committee.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise residency requirements for the purposes of voter registration.. Description: Revise residency requirements for the purposes of voter registration.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Change provisions regarding the appointment of legislators to represent South Dakota in the Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement.. Description: Change provisions regarding the appointment of legislators to represent South Dakota in the Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Create the Medicaid expansion fund and to transfer monies received as a result of expanding Medicaid eligibility.. Description: Create the Medicaid expansion fund and to transfer monies received as a result of expanding Medicaid eligibility.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Add provisions regarding construction and maintenance of livestock pipelines on highways.. Description: Add provisions regarding construction and maintenance of livestock pipelines on highways.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide increased funding for the water and environment fund.. Description: Provide increased funding for the water and environment fund.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Create the jail improvement and construction fund for the improvement and construction of jails, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Create the jail improvement and construction fund for the improvement and construction of jails, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Make an appropriation of American Rescue Plan Act monies for eligible water projects and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation of American Rescue Plan Act monies for eligible water projects and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to provide funding for major infrastructure projects to support South Dakota airports.. Description: Make an appropriation to provide funding for major infrastructure projects to support South Dakota airports.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding vehicle warranty claims.. Description: Revise provisions regarding vehicle warranty claims.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish post-election audits.. Description: Establish post-election audits.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for voter roll maintenance, ballot machines, and election security.. Description: Make an appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for voter roll maintenance, ballot machines, and election security.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise public meeting requirements.. Description: Revise public meeting requirements.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize a board of a school district to adopt policies regarding students who are registered sex offenders, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize a board of a school district to adopt policies regarding students who are registered sex offenders, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for design costs related to the health services center at Black Hills State UniversityRapid City, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for design costs related to the health services center at Black Hills State UniversityRapid City, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for design costs related to the new Lincoln Hall at Northern State University, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for design costs related to the new Lincoln Hall at Northern State University, and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit the enactment or implementation of an ordinance, resolution, or policy that prohibits the use of an energy utility service.. Description: Prohibit the enactment or implementation of an ordinance, resolution, or policy that prohibits the use of an energy utility service.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify certain requirements for removal from the sex offender registry.. Description: Modify certain requirements for removal from the sex offender registry.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to the South Dakota Science and Technology Authority.. Description: Revise provisions related to the South Dakota Science and Technology Authority.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Address requirements for the execution of a living will.. Description: Address requirements for the execution of a living will.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the provision of medical records and the imposition of related fees.. Description: Authorize the provision of medical records and the imposition of related fees.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish a uniform method for calculating high school credit received from completing postsecondary courses.. Description: Establish a uniform method for calculating high school credit received from completing postsecondary courses.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit purchasing agencies from contracting with companies owned or controlled by certain foreign entities or governments.. Description: Prohibit purchasing agencies from contracting with companies owned or controlled by certain foreign entities or governments.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish the task force to address the welfare of Indian children in South Dakota.. Description: Establish the task force to address the welfare of Indian children in South Dakota.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit the spouse of a member of the Legislature from being employed as a private lobbyist.. Description: Prohibit the spouse of a member of the Legislature from being employed as a private lobbyist.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Allow medical cannabis establishments to maintain certain cardholder data and to declare an emergency.. Description: Allow medical cannabis establishments to maintain certain cardholder data and to declare an emergency.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize participation in contracts by certain board members and employees of water districts.. Description: Authorize participation in contracts by certain board members and employees of water districts.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Expand critical incident stress management to health care facility personnel providing emergency services.. Description: Expand critical incident stress management to health care facility personnel providing emergency services.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Clarify good cause for the purpose of continuing an involuntary commitment hearing.. Description: Clarify good cause for the purpose of continuing an involuntary commitment hearing.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide a penalty for the expenditure of public funds to influence the outcome of an election.. Description: Provide a penalty for the expenditure of public funds to influence the outcome of an election.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Appropriate money for the ordinary expenses of the legislative, judicial, and executive departments of the state, the current expenses of state institutions, interest on the public debt, and for common schools.. Description: Appropriate money for the ordinary expenses of the legislative, judicial, and executive departments of the state, the current expenses of state institutions, interest on the public debt, and for common schools.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To recommend the Executive Board establish a task force to study a potential optional educational path.. Description: To recommend the Executive Board establish a task force to study a potential optional educational path.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To encourage the Executive Board of the Legislature to continue researching childhood mental health and mental health services available to children in this state.. Description: To encourage the Executive Board of the Legislature to continue researching childhood mental health and mental health services available to children in this state.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Encouraging the Executive Board of the Legislature to authorize the interim legislative study of long-term care services for veterans regardless of disability ratings and to develop long-term care plans for VA-operated purchased and subsidized long-term care services.. Description: Encouraging the Executive Board of the Legislature to authorize the interim legislative study of long-term care services for veterans regardless of disability ratings and to develop long-term care plans for VA-operated purchased and subsidized long-term care services.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Encouraging the Executive Board of the Legislature to authorize an interim study of the licensure and nomenclature of emergency medical and advanced life support personnel.. Description: Encouraging the Executive Board of the Legislature to authorize an interim study of the licensure and nomenclature of emergency medical and advanced life support personnel.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Affirming the importance of the constitutionally required legislative oath of office.. Description: Affirming the importance of the constitutionally required legislative oath of office.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Celebrating the sister-state relationship with Taiwan.. Description: Celebrating the sister-state relationship with Taiwan.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Encouraging the Executive Board of the Legislature to authorize and form an interim legislative committee on nuclear power in South Dakota.. Description: Encouraging the Executive Board of the Legislature to authorize and form an interim legislative committee on nuclear power in South Dakota.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Affirming the Legislature's support of the United States Supreme Court decision of Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization.. Description: Affirming the Legislature's support of the United States Supreme Court decision of Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization.
In 2023, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Urging the United States Congress to re-introduce the Consumer and Fuel Retailer Choice Act.. Description: Urging the United States Congress to re-introduce the Consumer and Fuel Retailer Choice Act.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election, an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, authorizing the state to impose work requirements on certain individuals who are eligible for expanded Medicaid.. Description: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election, an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, authorizing the state to impose work requirements on certain individuals who are eligible for expanded Medicaid.
In 2023, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election amendments to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota  revising and establishing certain constitutional provisions regarding the lieutenant governor and the presiding officers of the Senate and House of Representatives.. Description: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election amendments to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota  revising and establishing certain constitutional provisions regarding the lieutenant governor and the presiding officers of the Senate and House of Representatives.
In 2023, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Proposing and submitting to the electors at the next general election an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, updating references to certain officeholders and persons.. Description: Proposing and submitting to the electors at the next general election an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, updating references to certain officeholders and persons.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a select committee to investigate whether articles of impeachment should issue against Jason Ravnsborg, Attorney General of the State of South Dakota, and draft any resulting articles.. Description: Establishing a select committee to investigate whether articles of impeachment should issue against Jason Ravnsborg, Attorney General of the State of South Dakota, and draft any resulting articles.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Establishing the period of day-to-day adjournment of the House of Representatives within the Special Session on the Impeachment of Jason Ravnsborg.. Description: Establishing the period of day-to-day adjournment of the House of Representatives within the Special Session on the Impeachment of Jason Ravnsborg.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Establishing the period of day-to-day adjournment of the Senate within the Special Session on the Impeachment of Jason Ravnsborg.. Description: Establishing the period of day-to-day adjournment of the Senate within the Special Session on the Impeachment of Jason Ravnsborg.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the decennial redistricting of the Legislature.. Description: Provide for the decennial redistricting of the Legislature.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Correct technical errors in statutory cross-references regarding insurance.. Description: Correct technical errors in statutory cross-references regarding insurance.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding fingerprint-based background checks for the Real Estate Commission and the appraiser certification program.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding fingerprint-based background checks for the Real Estate Commission and the appraiser certification program.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding credit for reinsurance.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding credit for reinsurance.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal the registration requirement for medical assistants.. Description: Repeal the registration requirement for medical assistants.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal the emergency medical technician-student status license requirement.. Description: Repeal the emergency medical technician-student status license requirement.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the practice of chiropractic.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the practice of chiropractic.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding checks or bid bonds for public improvements.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding checks or bid bonds for public improvements.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise technical errors in statutory cross references relating to the Department of Executive Management.. Description: Revise technical errors in statutory cross references relating to the Department of Executive Management.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the licensing of electricians and electrical contractors.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the licensing of electricians and electrical contractors.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase certain boiler inspection fees and dedicate more of the fees to the state's boiler inspection program.. Description: Increase certain boiler inspection fees and dedicate more of the fees to the state's boiler inspection program.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update references to certain federal motor carrier regulations.. Description: Update references to certain federal motor carrier regulations.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to fund tax refunds for elderly persons and persons with a disability and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to fund tax refunds for elderly persons and persons with a disability and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish uniform complaint and declaratory ruling procedures for agencies regulating certain professions and occupations.. Description: Establish uniform complaint and declaratory ruling procedures for agencies regulating certain professions and occupations.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide rule-making authority for establishing an appraiser experience training and setting fees.. Description: Provide rule-making authority for establishing an appraiser experience training and setting fees.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: To revise the appropriation for the construction of a cold storage building located in Sioux Falls and to declare an emergency.. Description: To revise the appropriation for the construction of a cold storage building located in Sioux Falls and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the construction of a National Guard Readiness Center in Sioux Falls, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the construction of a National Guard Readiness Center in Sioux Falls, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to continue the veteran's bonus program and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to continue the veteran's bonus program and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to reimburse certain health care professionals who have complied with the requirements for certain health care recruitment assistance programs and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to reimburse certain health care professionals who have complied with the requirements for certain health care recruitment assistance programs and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal certain obsolete state estate and inheritance tax provisions.. Description: Repeal certain obsolete state estate and inheritance tax provisions.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal obsolete property tax provisions and to revise property tax cross-reference and land classification statutes.. Description: Repeal obsolete property tax provisions and to revise property tax cross-reference and land classification statutes.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal obsolete provisions and revise statutory cross-references for the energy minerals severance tax, state and municipal sales taxes, contractor's excise tax, alcohol licenses, and gaming tax.. Description: Repeal obsolete provisions and revise statutory cross-references for the energy minerals severance tax, state and municipal sales taxes, contractor's excise tax, alcohol licenses, and gaming tax.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Delete or revise certain outdated language relating to education.. Description: Delete or revise certain outdated language relating to education.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the payment of extraordinary litigation expenses and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the payment of extraordinary litigation expenses and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Identify Water Management Board officers, authorize appointment of a prehearing officer, and define the duties of the prehearing officer.. Description: Identify Water Management Board officers, authorize appointment of a prehearing officer, and define the duties of the prehearing officer.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise petition requirements and the criteria for issuance of a water right permit.. Description: Revise petition requirements and the criteria for issuance of a water right permit.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require a permit to conduct mining operations for certain ore milling facilities.. Description: Require a permit to conduct mining operations for certain ore milling facilities.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise and clarify certain provisions regarding the required minimum distribution methods of the South Dakota Retirement System.. Description: Revise and clarify certain provisions regarding the required minimum distribution methods of the South Dakota Retirement System.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions relating to the South Dakota Retirement System.. Description: Revise certain provisions relating to the South Dakota Retirement System.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the minimum cost of living adjustment and revise terminology of the South Dakota Retirement System.. Description: Revise the minimum cost of living adjustment and revise terminology of the South Dakota Retirement System.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update certain provisions relating to the South Dakota Retirement System, to revise certain provisions relating to reemployment after retirement with the South Dakota Retirement System, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Update certain provisions relating to the South Dakota Retirement System, to revise certain provisions relating to reemployment after retirement with the South Dakota Retirement System, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain youth hunting requirements.. Description: Revise certain youth hunting requirements.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Remove the locking seal requirement for the transportation of big game animals.. Description: Remove the locking seal requirement for the transportation of big game animals.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Correct technical errors in certain code cross-references regarding the Department of Game, Fish and Parks.. Description: Correct technical errors in certain code cross-references regarding the Department of Game, Fish and Parks.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the increase of certain fees by the State Electrical Commission.. Description: Authorize the increase of certain fees by the State Electrical Commission.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation from the coordinated natural resources conservation fund to the State Conservation Commission and declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation from the coordinated natural resources conservation fund to the State Conservation Commission and declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for costs related to suppression of wildfires in the state and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for costs related to suppression of wildfires in the state and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding riparian buffer strips. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding riparian buffer strips
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide enhanced permit criteria for current and former law enforcement officers.. Description: Provide enhanced permit criteria for current and former law enforcement officers.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Limit liability for certain exposures to COVID-19.. Description: Limit liability for certain exposures to COVID-19.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide limited deer and antelope licenses to landowners.. Description: Provide limited deer and antelope licenses to landowners.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the sales of certain older vehicles at auction.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the sales of certain older vehicles at auction.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Maintain the life of any child born alive.. Description: Maintain the life of any child born alive.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish an annual fee for certain electric motor vehicles.. Description: Establish an annual fee for certain electric motor vehicles.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize certain children who are subject to a military relocation to be eligible for registration with a state-approved distance learning provider.. Description: Authorize certain children who are subject to a military relocation to be eligible for registration with a state-approved distance learning provider.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish resident tuition requirements for veterans and armed forces personnel and family members.. Description: Establish resident tuition requirements for veterans and armed forces personnel and family members.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Direct certain persons to notify funeral directors of communicable diseases or conditions.. Description: Direct certain persons to notify funeral directors of communicable diseases or conditions.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit smoking and consuming marijuana and its derivatives in a motor vehicle and create a penalty therefor.. Description: Prohibit smoking and consuming marijuana and its derivatives in a motor vehicle and create a penalty therefor.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for and the establishment of peer support and critical incident stress management training for first responder organizations, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for and the establishment of peer support and critical incident stress management training for first responder organizations, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Adopt the emergency medical personnel licensure interstate compact.. Description: Adopt the emergency medical personnel licensure interstate compact.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the transfer of wind energy tax revenue from a school district general fund.. Description: Authorize the transfer of wind energy tax revenue from a school district general fund.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify identification requirements for a marriage license and to provide certain provisions for a name change.. Description: Modify identification requirements for a marriage license and to provide certain provisions for a name change.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the requirement for written findings of fact and conclusions in certain judicial proceedings involving a child.. Description: Revise the requirement for written findings of fact and conclusions in certain judicial proceedings involving a child.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the expenditures that are recoverable as disbursements by a prevailing party in a civil action or a special proceeding.. Description: Modify the expenditures that are recoverable as disbursements by a prevailing party in a civil action or a special proceeding.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the Unified Judicial System.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the Unified Judicial System.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Correct incorrect cross-references dealing with crimes and criminal procedures.. Description: Correct incorrect cross-references dealing with crimes and criminal procedures.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize dentists to void certain contract terms with insurers.. Description: Authorize dentists to void certain contract terms with insurers.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Limit the liability regarding authorized boiler inspections.. Description: Limit the liability regarding authorized boiler inspections.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Limit certain actions that may be taken by the executive branch relative to nonprofit corporations or charitable trusts.. Description: Limit certain actions that may be taken by the executive branch relative to nonprofit corporations or charitable trusts.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the enhanced penalty for the crime of simple assault.. Description: Increase the enhanced penalty for the crime of simple assault.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the penalty for protection order violations.. Description: Increase the penalty for protection order violations.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain state aid to education definitions for the 2021-2022 school year.. Description: Revise certain state aid to education definitions for the 2021-2022 school year.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Grant authority to the secretary of education to waive accountability requirements in certain situations.. Description: Grant authority to the secretary of education to waive accountability requirements in certain situations.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the duration of restrictive contracts or declarations.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the duration of restrictive contracts or declarations.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Redefine the criteria for classifying land as agricultural for tax purposes.. Description: Redefine the criteria for classifying land as agricultural for tax purposes.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify certain requirements for domestic not-for-profit corporations and to declare an emergency.. Description: Modify certain requirements for domestic not-for-profit corporations and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the municipal zoning and appeals process.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the municipal zoning and appeals process.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish criteria regarding marijuana.. Description: Establish criteria regarding marijuana.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide a penalty for sexual contact with a minor by a person holding a position of authority.. Description: Provide a penalty for sexual contact with a minor by a person holding a position of authority.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the shipment of cigars to persons in this state under certain conditions and to provide a penalty.. Description: Authorize the shipment of cigars to persons in this state under certain conditions and to provide a penalty.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Modify the medical marijuana program, to create an interim committee to recommend implementation of the medical marijuana program, and to remove and clarify penalties for marijuana use under certain circumstances.. Description: Modify the medical marijuana program, to create an interim committee to recommend implementation of the medical marijuana program, and to remove and clarify penalties for marijuana use under certain circumstances.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify requirements and restrictions related to certain alcoholic beverages.. Description: Modify requirements and restrictions related to certain alcoholic beverages.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit the performance of abortions due to Down syndrome and to provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Prohibit the performance of abortions due to Down syndrome and to provide a penalty therefor.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding inspections and seizures by, and forfeitures involving, the Department of Game, Fish and Parks.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding inspections and seizures by, and forfeitures involving, the Department of Game, Fish and Parks.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain references to the International Building Code.. Description: Revise certain references to the International Building Code.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide a definition of abortion.. Description: Provide a definition of abortion.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise the qualifications of Game, Fish and Parks commissioners.. Description: Revise the qualifications of Game, Fish and Parks commissioners.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain references to secondary elections.. Description: Revise certain references to secondary elections.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify certain requirements concerning the printing of ballots.. Description: Modify certain requirements concerning the printing of ballots.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Define adjournment for the counting of ballots.. Description: Define adjournment for the counting of ballots.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding absentee ballots.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding absentee ballots.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding official meetings conducted by teleconference.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding official meetings conducted by teleconference.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish requirements for the presentation of a written statement regarding the discontinuance of a drug-induced abortion.. Description: Establish requirements for the presentation of a written statement regarding the discontinuance of a drug-induced abortion.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize primary care agreements.. Description: Authorize primary care agreements.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Add dental hygienists to the list of mandatory reporters of child abuse or neglect.. Description: Add dental hygienists to the list of mandatory reporters of child abuse or neglect.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Accommodate legislation on medical services.. Description: Accommodate legislation on medical services.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Accommodate legislation relating to education in South Dakota.. Description: Accommodate legislation relating to education in South Dakota.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the issuance of state park camping permits.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the issuance of state park camping permits.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require that assisted living facilities create and post visitation policies.. Description: Require that assisted living facilities create and post visitation policies.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Restrict the entry of conservation officers onto certain private land without permission.. Description: Restrict the entry of conservation officers onto certain private land without permission.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize certain municipalities to offer limited incentives for industrial development.. Description: Authorize certain municipalities to offer limited incentives for industrial development.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish qualifications for members of the Board of Regents.. Description: Establish qualifications for members of the Board of Regents.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide definitions regarding the crime of rape.. Description: Provide definitions regarding the crime of rape.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the design and construction of a new dairy research and extension farm on the campus of South Dakota State University, together with equipment and furnishings, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the design and construction of a new dairy research and extension farm on the campus of South Dakota State University, together with equipment and furnishings, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit employment contracts restricting competitive health care practices.. Description: Prohibit employment contracts restricting competitive health care practices.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Remove certain restrictions on gifts of agricultural land.. Description: Remove certain restrictions on gifts of agricultural land.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to support the Ellsworth Air Force Base and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to support the Ellsworth Air Force Base and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to improve South Dakota and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to improve South Dakota and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the arts and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the arts and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to the State Conservation Commission and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to the State Conservation Commission and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for physician wellness programs.. Description: Provide for physician wellness programs.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Accommodate legislation relating to the protection of public safety.. Description: Accommodate legislation relating to the protection of public safety.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish a tribal flag display in the rotunda of the capitol building.. Description: Establish a tribal flag display in the rotunda of the capitol building.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Allow an expedited process for local intergovernmental legal disputes.. Description: Allow an expedited process for local intergovernmental legal disputes.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the use of motorized foot scooters.. Description: Provide for the use of motorized foot scooters.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Authorize the review of certain executive orders issued by the President of the United States.. Description: Authorize the review of certain executive orders issued by the President of the United States.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the participation of certified registered nurse anesthetists in the recruitment assistance program.. Description: Authorize the participation of certified registered nurse anesthetists in the recruitment assistance program.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide free tuition and fees to visually impaired residents for courses not subsidized by the state general fund.. Description: Provide free tuition and fees to visually impaired residents for courses not subsidized by the state general fund.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require the attorney general be licensed to practice law in the state.. Description: Require the attorney general be licensed to practice law in the state.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish the Office of Liaison for Missing and Murdered Indigenous Persons.. Description: Establish the Office of Liaison for Missing and Murdered Indigenous Persons.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize banks to engage in business with industrial hemp or marijuana licensees and associated persons.. Description: Authorize banks to engage in business with industrial hemp or marijuana licensees and associated persons.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise criminal provisions regarding certain visual recordings or photographic devices.. Description: Revise criminal provisions regarding certain visual recordings or photographic devices.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to the Board of Regents to provide grant funding for a new bioproducts facility at the research park in Brookings, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to the Board of Regents to provide grant funding for a new bioproducts facility at the research park in Brookings, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Clarify the use of force.. Description: Clarify the use of force.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding industrial hemp and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise provisions regarding industrial hemp and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the pay of certain constitutional officers.. Description: Increase the pay of certain constitutional officers.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make certain revisions to the seller's property condition disclosure statement.. Description: Make certain revisions to the seller's property condition disclosure statement.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the platting of certain land without infrastructure requirements.. Description: Provide for the platting of certain land without infrastructure requirements.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the purpose of funding county and township roads and bridges and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the purpose of funding county and township roads and bridges and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Require reports regarding the intentional disposal, destruction, or other disposition of human embryos.. Description: Require reports regarding the intentional disposal, destruction, or other disposition of human embryos.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit preferential treatment in higher education employment practices.. Description: Prohibit preferential treatment in higher education employment practices.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the cleanup of the Big Sioux watershed and River and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the cleanup of the Big Sioux watershed and River and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding cosmetology apprentice programs.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding cosmetology apprentice programs.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for rural access infrastructure improvements and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for rural access infrastructure improvements and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions related to the training curricula required of a person appointed as a guardian or a conservator.. Description: Revise certain provisions related to the training curricula required of a person appointed as a guardian or a conservator.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Regulate kratom for those under the age of twenty-one.. Description: Regulate kratom for those under the age of twenty-one.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide price transparency for health care costs.. Description: Provide price transparency for health care costs.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make appropriations from the water and environment fund and its revolving fund subfunds for various water and environmental purposes and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make appropriations from the water and environment fund and its revolving fund subfunds for various water and environmental purposes and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the improvement of the radio system in South Dakota and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the improvement of the radio system in South Dakota and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the improvement of information technology servers and infrastructure of state government and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the improvement of information technology servers and infrastructure of state government and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to the Board of Technical Education for the construction of new facilities and renovation of existing facilities and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to the Board of Technical Education for the construction of new facilities and renovation of existing facilities and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the reconstruction of the emergency vehicle operations course and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the reconstruction of the emergency vehicle operations course and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the creation of a missing persons clearinghouse website and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the creation of a missing persons clearinghouse website and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Transfer funds to the state aeronautics fund and to declare an emergency.. Description: Transfer funds to the state aeronautics fund and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Transfer funds to the health care trust fund and to declare an emergency.. Description: Transfer funds to the health care trust fund and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Transfer funds to the state fair fund and to declare an emergency.. Description: Transfer funds to the state fair fund and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the purchase of metrology lab equipment and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the purchase of metrology lab equipment and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for capital improvements to the State Veterans' Home and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for capital improvements to the State Veterans' Home and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the installation of a sprinkler system at the State Veterans' Cemetery and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the installation of a sprinkler system at the State Veterans' Cemetery and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the purchase of a new skid steer and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the purchase of a new skid steer and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the development of a K-12 civics and history curriculum and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the development of a K-12 civics and history curriculum and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for updating the educator certification system within the Department of Education and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for updating the educator certification system within the Department of Education and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Create the state IT modernization fund, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Create the state IT modernization fund, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Codify legislation enacted in 2020.. Description: Codify legislation enacted in 2020.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the duties of the Code Commission.. Description: Modify the duties of the Code Commission.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Enforce directives regarding contagious disease control.. Description: Enforce directives regarding contagious disease control.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the health professionals assistance program.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the health professionals assistance program.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Include a child's legal parents and guardians in the list of parties who may receive information related to reports of the child's abuse or neglect.. Description: Include a child's legal parents and guardians in the list of parties who may receive information related to reports of the child's abuse or neglect.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Correct technical errors in statutory cross-references related to the Department of Social Services.. Description: Correct technical errors in statutory cross-references related to the Department of Social Services.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Permit a government agency to qualify as a victim for purposes of restitution in criminal cases.. Description: Permit a government agency to qualify as a victim for purposes of restitution in criminal cases.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise various provisions related to banks and trusts.. Description: Revise various provisions related to banks and trusts.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise various provisions related to bank trust departments and trust companies.. Description: Revise various provisions related to bank trust departments and trust companies.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the composition of the state trunk highway system.. Description: Revise the composition of the state trunk highway system.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding highways and bridges.. Description: Revise provisions regarding highways and bridges.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update a reference to the U.S. Board on Geographic Names standards manual.. Description: Update a reference to the U.S. Board on Geographic Names standards manual.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise a statutory cross reference in the written waiver of right to a parole hearing or appearance.. Description: Revise a statutory cross reference in the written waiver of right to a parole hearing or appearance.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Limit the time children in need of supervision are held in detention under certain circumstances.. Description: Limit the time children in need of supervision are held in detention under certain circumstances.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the voting requirements necessary for the board to grant or deny parole or recommend clemency.. Description: Revise the voting requirements necessary for the board to grant or deny parole or recommend clemency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the requirements of setting discretionary parole dates by the board.. Description: Revise the requirements of setting discretionary parole dates by the board.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the South Dakota Department of Corrections to purchase certain real property, to make an appropriation, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the South Dakota Department of Corrections to purchase certain real property, to make an appropriation, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Correct errors in statutory cross-references in certain provisions regarding health care.. Description: Correct errors in statutory cross-references in certain provisions regarding health care.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Place certain substances on the controlled substances schedule and to declare an emergency.. Description: Place certain substances on the controlled substances schedule and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Correct a technical error concerning a cross-reference regarding a certain energy conservation program.. Description: Correct a technical error concerning a cross-reference regarding a certain energy conservation program.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Correct a technical error concerning a cross-reference relating to certain reporting requirements for the building South Dakota programs.. Description: Correct a technical error concerning a cross-reference relating to certain reporting requirements for the building South Dakota programs.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Allow a change of voter registration information through an online system provided by the Office of the Secretary of State.. Description: Allow a change of voter registration information through an online system provided by the Office of the Secretary of State.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Remove an incorrect cross-reference in provisions regarding elections.. Description: Remove an incorrect cross-reference in provisions regarding elections.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the type of candidates that may use a joint petition.. Description: Modify the type of candidates that may use a joint petition.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise off-campus tuition rates at institutions governed by the Board of Regents.. Description: Revise off-campus tuition rates at institutions governed by the Board of Regents.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the redesign and renovation of, and the design and construction of an addition to, the Sanford Jackrabbit Athletic Complex on the campus of South Dakota State University, together with equipment and furnishings, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the redesign and renovation of, and the design and construction of an addition to, the Sanford Jackrabbit Athletic Complex on the campus of South Dakota State University, together with equipment and furnishings, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain training and testing requirements for entry level driver applicants for a commercial driver license.. Description: Revise certain training and testing requirements for entry level driver applicants for a commercial driver license.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Extend the issuance period for commercial learner's permits.. Description: Extend the issuance period for commercial learner's permits.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the release of adult abuse case information to certain parties to assist in the provision of adult protective services.. Description: Provide for the release of adult abuse case information to certain parties to assist in the provision of adult protective services.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding access critical nursing facilities.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding access critical nursing facilities.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for certain costs related to the commissioning of the USS Pierre and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for certain costs related to the commissioning of the USS Pierre and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to expand rural access to broadband services and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to expand rural access to broadband services and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to implement provisions concerning the legalization, regulation, and taxation of marijuana, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to implement provisions concerning the legalization, regulation, and taxation of marijuana, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the Department of Human Services to dismantle and demolish Dakota Hall and the root cellar and to restore grounds on the South Dakota Developmental Center campus, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the Department of Human Services to dismantle and demolish Dakota Hall and the root cellar and to restore grounds on the South Dakota Developmental Center campus, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update certain citations to federal regulations regarding pipeline safety inspections.. Description: Update certain citations to federal regulations regarding pipeline safety inspections.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Correct technical errors in and make stylistic revisions to certain provisions regarding public utilities.. Description: Correct technical errors in and make stylistic revisions to certain provisions regarding public utilities.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal the registration requirements for certain amusement devices.. Description: Repeal the registration requirements for certain amusement devices.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain references to the Internal Revenue Code.. Description: Revise certain references to the Internal Revenue Code.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require all documentation supporting a tax refund claim regarding the accidental mixing of undyed and dyed diesel fuel to be submitted to the Department of Revenue within a certain time period.. Description: Require all documentation supporting a tax refund claim regarding the accidental mixing of undyed and dyed diesel fuel to be submitted to the Department of Revenue within a certain time period.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify certain provisions related to motor vehicles.. Description: Modify certain provisions related to motor vehicles.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize, regulate, and tax wagering on sporting events within the city limits of Deadwood and provide a penalty for a violation thereof.. Description: Authorize, regulate, and tax wagering on sporting events within the city limits of Deadwood and provide a penalty for a violation thereof.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Allow for the consideration of certain instruction to count towards the minimum number of hours required in a school term during a declared state of emergency.. Description: Allow for the consideration of certain instruction to count towards the minimum number of hours required in a school term during a declared state of emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the maintenance and repair of state-owned dams and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the maintenance and repair of state-owned dams and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the payment of lease rental obligations to the South Dakota Health and Educational Facilities Authority, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the payment of lease rental obligations to the South Dakota Health and Educational Facilities Authority, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise property tax levies for school districts and to revise the state aid to general and special education formulas.. Description: Revise property tax levies for school districts and to revise the state aid to general and special education formulas.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Repeal the requirement for a well pump installer license.. Description: Repeal the requirement for a well pump installer license.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Transfer licensure of individuals who may alter, repair, construct, or install on-site wastewater systems to the Plumbing Commission.. Description: Transfer licensure of individuals who may alter, repair, construct, or install on-site wastewater systems to the Plumbing Commission.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the permit duration on certain concentrated animal feeding operations.. Description: Revise the permit duration on certain concentrated animal feeding operations.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certification and renewal fees for water supply and treatment system operators.. Description: Revise certification and renewal fees for water supply and treatment system operators.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to build a bison visitors center in Custer State Park and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to build a bison visitors center in Custer State Park and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize certain innovative insurance products and services through insurance innovation waivers.. Description: Authorize certain innovative insurance products and services through insurance innovation waivers.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the provisions regarding the South Dakota state employee health plan.. Description: Revise the provisions regarding the South Dakota state employee health plan.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Remove an outdated cross-reference to the risk pool.. Description: Remove an outdated cross-reference to the risk pool.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the allocation of fees collected by the obligation recovery center and to revise certain venue, jurisdiction, and collection efforts regarding the co-owners of titled motor vehicles, motorcycles, and boats.. Description: Revise the allocation of fees collected by the obligation recovery center and to revise certain venue, jurisdiction, and collection efforts regarding the co-owners of titled motor vehicles, motorcycles, and boats.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the membership of the Law Enforcement Officers Standards Commission.. Description: Revise the membership of the Law Enforcement Officers Standards Commission.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise a cross reference regarding the South Dakota Housing Development Authority's investment agreement.. Description: Revise a cross reference regarding the South Dakota Housing Development Authority's investment agreement.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding appeals by the prosecution.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding appeals by the prosecution.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Correct technical errors and outdated provisions regarding the Department of Environment and Natural Resources.. Description: Correct technical errors and outdated provisions regarding the Department of Environment and Natural Resources.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the General Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2021.. Description: Revise the General Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Create an exception to the dual compensation prohibition for state employees for military service.. Description: Create an exception to the dual compensation prohibition for state employees for military service.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Correct a cross-reference relating to sheriff's compensation.. Description: Correct a cross-reference relating to sheriff's compensation.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Correct certain provisions with incorrect cross references regarding county road district boundaries.. Description: Correct certain provisions with incorrect cross references regarding county road district boundaries.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise and reorganize certain provisions regarding the assessment of property for the purposes of taxation.. Description: Revise and reorganize certain provisions regarding the assessment of property for the purposes of taxation.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Designate Juneteenth as a working holiday.. Description: Designate Juneteenth as a working holiday.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise notification requirements for listing and delisting species on the threatened and endangered species list.. Description: Revise notification requirements for listing and delisting species on the threatened and endangered species list.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the sale of certain government owned vehicles by an auction agency.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the sale of certain government owned vehicles by an auction agency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding drones.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding drones.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Correct an error in a statutory cross-reference within the Uniform Limited Liability Company Act.. Description: Correct an error in a statutory cross-reference within the Uniform Limited Liability Company Act.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require certain font size for initiated measure petitions and constitutional amendment petitions.. Description: Require certain font size for initiated measure petitions and constitutional amendment petitions.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify certain provisions related to trusts.. Description: Modify certain provisions related to trusts.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make certain uses of laser pointers unlawful.. Description: Make certain uses of laser pointers unlawful.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the legislative redistricting process.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the legislative redistricting process.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize certain flags and flagpoles to be located on residential property regardless of any private covenants, restrictions, bylaws, rules, or requirements.. Description: Authorize certain flags and flagpoles to be located on residential property regardless of any private covenants, restrictions, bylaws, rules, or requirements.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain regulations pertaining to dealers of motor vehicles, boats, snowmobiles, or manufactured homes and mobile homes.. Description: Revise certain regulations pertaining to dealers of motor vehicles, boats, snowmobiles, or manufactured homes and mobile homes.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the composition of the Retirement Laws Committee.. Description: Modify the composition of the Retirement Laws Committee.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain requirements regarding the review of initiated amendments to the Constitution and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise certain requirements regarding the review of initiated amendments to the Constitution and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Exempt health benefit plans sponsored by nonprofit agricultural organizations from insurance regulation.. Description: Exempt health benefit plans sponsored by nonprofit agricultural organizations from insurance regulation.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require that certain proposed rules include a housing cost impact statement.. Description: Require that certain proposed rules include a housing cost impact statement.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to rehabilitate the rail line from west of the city of Fort Pierre to the city of Rapid City and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to rehabilitate the rail line from west of the city of Fort Pierre to the city of Rapid City and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise requirements relating to the publication of milk regulation ordinances.. Description: Revise requirements relating to the publication of milk regulation ordinances.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide protection for actions assisting an impaired lawyer or judge.. Description: Provide protection for actions assisting an impaired lawyer or judge.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the use of telehealth technologies.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the use of telehealth technologies.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify provisions regarding the State-Tribal Relations Committee.. Description: Modify provisions regarding the State-Tribal Relations Committee.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the Department of Agriculture to contract for the construction of a livestock and equestrian complex at the State Fair, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the Department of Agriculture to contract for the construction of a livestock and equestrian complex at the State Fair, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Continue the prohibition on the seizure of firearms and ammunitions.. Description: Continue the prohibition on the seizure of firearms and ammunitions.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding warranty agreements with certain repair facilities.. Description: Revise provisions regarding warranty agreements with certain repair facilities.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Protect voter registration information for certain voters.. Description: Protect voter registration information for certain voters.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the confidentiality of personal information of persons affiliated with nonprofit corporations.. Description: Provide for the confidentiality of personal information of persons affiliated with nonprofit corporations.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding operator's licenses, instruction permits, and restricted minor's permits.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding operator's licenses, instruction permits, and restricted minor's permits.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions related to cooperatives.. Description: Revise certain provisions related to cooperatives.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize certain interstate shipments of distilled spirits, to provide for the collection of taxes, and to establish certain penalties.. Description: Authorize certain interstate shipments of distilled spirits, to provide for the collection of taxes, and to establish certain penalties.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Reduce the fee for permits to carry concealed pistols.. Description: Reduce the fee for permits to carry concealed pistols.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish requirements for filling the vacancies of certain constitutional offices.. Description: Establish requirements for filling the vacancies of certain constitutional offices.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Enhance South Dakota.. Description: Enhance South Dakota.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Accommodate legislation on medical services.. Description: Accommodate legislation on medical services.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Accommodate legislation relating to education in South Dakota.. Description: Accommodate legislation relating to education in South Dakota.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Accommodate legislation relating to the protection of public safety.. Description: Accommodate legislation relating to the protection of public safety.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require a comment period for the attorney general's statement regarding initiated measures and initiated amendments.. Description: Require a comment period for the attorney general's statement regarding initiated measures and initiated amendments.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide protections for the exercise of religious freedom.. Description: Provide protections for the exercise of religious freedom.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish the crime of possession, manufacturing, or distribution of obscene dolls.. Description: Establish the crime of possession, manufacturing, or distribution of obscene dolls.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions related to news media coverage of high school activities.. Description: Revise certain provisions related to news media coverage of high school activities.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the enhancement of South Dakota and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the enhancement of South Dakota and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the improvement of South Dakota and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the improvement of South Dakota and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the benefit of South Dakota and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the benefit of South Dakota and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Appropriate coronavirus funds and to declare an emergency.. Description: Appropriate coronavirus funds and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Limit the required application of green building standards.. Description: Limit the required application of green building standards.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Reform training requirements for law enforcement officers.. Description: Reform training requirements for law enforcement officers.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Change the criteria for a petition to vacate a highway.. Description: Change the criteria for a petition to vacate a highway.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide flexibility for certain municipal budget provisions.. Description: Provide flexibility for certain municipal budget provisions.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the base salary for certain judges.. Description: Increase the base salary for certain judges.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise the automatic removal of certain convictions from a background check record.. Description: Revise the automatic removal of certain convictions from a background check record.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the meeting place and notice requirements for county commission meetings.. Description: Modify the meeting place and notice requirements for county commission meetings.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to provide for a crisis stabilization unit and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to provide for a crisis stabilization unit and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the process of filling vacancies for candidates for elected office.. Description: Revise the process of filling vacancies for candidates for elected office.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding eligibility for parole for certain persons sentenced to life imprisonment.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding eligibility for parole for certain persons sentenced to life imprisonment.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish the crime of torture of a human trafficking victim and provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Establish the crime of torture of a human trafficking victim and provide a penalty therefor.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise an appropriation regarding the fire insurance premium tax.. Description: Revise an appropriation regarding the fire insurance premium tax.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Clarify the penalty for using fireworks in violation of a county resolution, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Clarify the penalty for using fireworks in violation of a county resolution, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the construction of a Mineral Industry Building and the demolition of the old Mineral Industry Building on the campus of South Dakota School of Mines and Technology, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the construction of a Mineral Industry Building and the demolition of the old Mineral Industry Building on the campus of South Dakota School of Mines and Technology, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the qualifications to serve as a trustee of a county road district.. Description: Revise the qualifications to serve as a trustee of a county road district.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Appropriate funds for airport route restoration, business development, and air service marketing and to declare an emergency.. Description: Appropriate funds for airport route restoration, business development, and air service marketing and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify the process for civil forfeiture.. Description: Modify the process for civil forfeiture.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish criteria for a regional nursing facility designation.. Description: Establish criteria for a regional nursing facility designation.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the population requirement for appointment of coroners.. Description: Revise the population requirement for appointment of coroners.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the South Dakota Freedom Scholarship, make an appropriation therefor, and declare an emergency.. Description: Provide for the South Dakota Freedom Scholarship, make an appropriation therefor, and declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions related to competency hearings.. Description: Revise certain provisions related to competency hearings.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to the automatic removal of certain charges or convictions from a defendant's public record.. Description: Revise provisions related to the automatic removal of certain charges or convictions from a defendant's public record.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Remove certain eligibility requirements for the partners in education tax credit program.. Description: Remove certain eligibility requirements for the partners in education tax credit program.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Adopt the Uniform Faithful Presidential Electors Act.. Description: Adopt the Uniform Faithful Presidential Electors Act.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the provisions of parental choice regarding compulsory school attendance and matters ancillary thereto.. Description: Revise the provisions of parental choice regarding compulsory school attendance and matters ancillary thereto.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit certain insurers from using genetic information.. Description: Prohibit certain insurers from using genetic information.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Authorize members of the Legislature to submit a request for continuing education to a licensing board or commission in this state.. Description: Authorize members of the Legislature to submit a request for continuing education to a licensing board or commission in this state.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding revenues generated by and donations to the South Dakota State Veterans Cemetery, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding revenues generated by and donations to the South Dakota State Veterans Cemetery, and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for road improvements leading to the State Veterans Cemetery and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for road improvements leading to the State Veterans Cemetery and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding owner occupied dwelling requirements.. Description: Revise provisions regarding owner occupied dwelling requirements.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Declare certain contract provisions regarding abortion as unenforceable and to provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Declare certain contract provisions regarding abortion as unenforceable and to provide a penalty therefor.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require the sorting of absentee ballots.. Description: Require the sorting of absentee ballots.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for behavioral and mental health service support in crisis stabilization and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for behavioral and mental health service support in crisis stabilization and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish provisions concerning the sale of adult-use retail marijuana.. Description: Establish provisions concerning the sale of adult-use retail marijuana.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide an appropriation for a study regarding the future renovation and expansion of the Meat Laboratory on the campus of South Dakota State University and to declare an emergency.. Description: Provide an appropriation for a study regarding the future renovation and expansion of the Meat Laboratory on the campus of South Dakota State University and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide an appropriation for the renovation and upgrading of the South Dakota State University Cottonwood Field Station and to declare an emergency.. Description: Provide an appropriation for the renovation and upgrading of the South Dakota State University Cottonwood Field Station and to declare an emergency.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding remote notarization.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding remote notarization.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Appropriate money for the ordinary expenses of the legislative, judicial, and executive departments of the state, the current expenses of state institutions, interest on the public debt, and for common schools.. Description: Appropriate money for the ordinary expenses of the legislative, judicial, and executive departments of the state, the current expenses of state institutions, interest on the public debt, and for common schools.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: On the potential impeachment of Jason Ravnsborg, Attorney General of the State of South Dakota.. Description: On the potential impeachment of Jason Ravnsborg, Attorney General of the State of South Dakota.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: In support of investigating and opening an official inquiry into the Medals of Honor given to United States soldiers for the involvement and participation of the soldiers in the Wounded Knee Massacre of 1890.. Description: In support of investigating and opening an official inquiry into the Medals of Honor given to United States soldiers for the involvement and participation of the soldiers in the Wounded Knee Massacre of 1890.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Appointing Mr. Russell Olson of Pierre, South Dakota, to the Office of Auditor General.. Description: Appointing Mr. Russell Olson of Pierre, South Dakota, to the Office of Auditor General.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Celebrating the sister-state relationship with Taiwan.. Description: Celebrating the sister-state relationship with Taiwan.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Urging efforts to increase competition and transparency among livestock packers.. Description: Urging efforts to increase competition and transparency among livestock packers.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: To provide for an interim study regarding foreign ownership of agricultural land.. Description: To provide for an interim study regarding foreign ownership of agricultural land.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To reauthorize the Mental Health Services Delivery Task Force for the limited purposes of monitoring the growth and development of current initiatives in the delivery of mental health services, reviewing and proposing adjustments to the levels of funding, and ensuring that the statutory and regulatory framework complements intended outcomes.. Description: To reauthorize the Mental Health Services Delivery Task Force for the limited purposes of monitoring the growth and development of current initiatives in the delivery of mental health services, reviewing and proposing adjustments to the levels of funding, and ensuring that the statutory and regulatory framework complements intended outcomes.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Urging priority to be given to in-state advertising agencies over out-of-state agencies for state issued requests for proposals.. Description: Urging priority to be given to in-state advertising agencies over out-of-state agencies for state issued requests for proposals.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Calling on President Joe Biden and the United States Congress to prevent the enactment of energy policies that negatively impact the State of South Dakota.. Description: Calling on President Joe Biden and the United States Congress to prevent the enactment of energy policies that negatively impact the State of South Dakota.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Opining that Tayamni should be recognized as the official constellation of this state.. Description: Opining that Tayamni should be recognized as the official constellation of this state.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To encourage the Executive Board of the Legislature to reauthorize the Mental Health of First Responders Task Force interim legislative study.. Description: To encourage the Executive Board of the Legislature to reauthorize the Mental Health of First Responders Task Force interim legislative study.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: To protect our Second Amendment rights from federal overreach using the official purpose provision of the REAL ID Act of 2005.. Description: To protect our Second Amendment rights from federal overreach using the official purpose provision of the REAL ID Act of 2005.
In 2021, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: To acknowledge and honor the Native American children who were survivors of the boarding schools in this state.. Description: To acknowledge and honor the Native American children who were survivors of the boarding schools in this state.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To encourage the Executive Board of the Legislature to create an interim legislative study on mental health education in this state.. Description: To encourage the Executive Board of the Legislature to create an interim legislative study on mental health education in this state.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Urging the members of South Dakota's congressional delegation to vote against any act admitting the District of Columbia as a separate state.. Description: Urging the members of South Dakota's congressional delegation to vote against any act admitting the District of Columbia as a separate state.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Supporting a United States Constitutional amendment to retain nine justices on the United States Supreme Court.. Description: Supporting a United States Constitutional amendment to retain nine justices on the United States Supreme Court.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Supporting the establishment of the Economic Development Professionals Association of South Dakota.. Description: Supporting the establishment of the Economic Development Professionals Association of South Dakota.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Supporting trade negotiations to remove barriers to country of origin labelling.. Description: Supporting trade negotiations to remove barriers to country of origin labelling.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Supporting the value of public higher education in South Dakota and encouraging continued efforts to ensure that higher education remains affordable for all South Dakotans.. Description: Supporting the value of public higher education in South Dakota and encouraging continued efforts to ensure that higher education remains affordable for all South Dakotans.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Commending automotive enthusiasts in South Dakota and the Specialty Equipment Market Association for their contributions in preserving classic automobiles and urging the Governor to declare a South Dakota Collector Car Appreciation Week.. Description: Commending automotive enthusiasts in South Dakota and the Specialty Equipment Market Association for their contributions in preserving classic automobiles and urging the Governor to declare a South Dakota Collector Car Appreciation Week.
In 2021, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Affirming the Legislature's support of the constitutional right to keep and bear arms.. Description: Affirming the Legislature's support of the constitutional right to keep and bear arms.
In 2021, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next primary election a new section to Article XI of the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, relating to a three-fifths vote requirement for certain initiated or Legislature-proposed constitutional amendments and initiated or Legislature-referred measures.. Description: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next primary election a new section to Article XI of the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, relating to a three-fifths vote requirement for certain initiated or Legislature-proposed constitutional amendments and initiated or Legislature-referred measures.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding plugging and performance bonds for oil and gas wells.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding plugging and performance bonds for oil and gas wells.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the General Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2021.. Description: Revise the General Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Directing expenditure of certain federal coronavirus relief funds.. Description: Directing expenditure of certain federal coronavirus relief funds.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Repeal certain provisions regarding the organization of the Legislature.. Description: Repeal certain provisions regarding the organization of the Legislature.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding documents of the Legislature.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding documents of the Legislature.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Repeal certain provisions regarding legislative employees.. Description: Repeal certain provisions regarding legislative employees.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide for the defense of laws by the Legislature.. Description: Provide for the defense of laws by the Legislature.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the use of telehealth technologies.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the use of telehealth technologies.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the secretary of revenue to contract with certain entities for purposes of creating or maintaining a database to determine agricultural income value and to specify the mandatory and permissive data of the database.. Description: Authorize the secretary of revenue to contract with certain entities for purposes of creating or maintaining a database to determine agricultural income value and to specify the mandatory and permissive data of the database.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require certain adjustments to the assessed value of agricultural land if factors impact the land's productivity and to require those adjustments to be documented.. Description: Require certain adjustments to the assessed value of agricultural land if factors impact the land's productivity and to require those adjustments to be documented.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Legalize the growth, production, and transportation of industrial hemp in the state, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Legalize the growth, production, and transportation of industrial hemp in the state, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding failure to comply with outpatient commitment or treatment orders.. Description: Revise provisions regarding failure to comply with outpatient commitment or treatment orders.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding testimony of qualified mental health professionals at involuntary commitment hearings.. Description: Revise provisions regarding testimony of qualified mental health professionals at involuntary commitment hearings.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require certain examinations of persons awaiting involuntary commitment hearings.. Description: Require certain examinations of persons awaiting involuntary commitment hearings.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Place certain substances on the controlled substances schedule and to declare an emergency.. Description: Place certain substances on the controlled substances schedule and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding banks.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding banks.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding money transmission.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding money transmission.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for certain insurer corporate governance disclosure requirements.. Description: Provide for certain insurer corporate governance disclosure requirements.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding life and health insurance insolvencies.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding life and health insurance insolvencies.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain references to the Internal Revenue Code.. Description: Revise certain references to the Internal Revenue Code.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the use of exemption certificates.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the use of exemption certificates.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the South Dakota Lottery Commission.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the South Dakota Lottery Commission.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding dealer licenses for motor vehicle, snowmobile, and boat sales.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding dealer licenses for motor vehicle, snowmobile, and boat sales.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Permit the secretary of revenue to issue cease and desist orders and to impose a civil penalty on certain public auctions.. Description: Permit the secretary of revenue to issue cease and desist orders and to impose a civil penalty on certain public auctions.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the payment of extraordinary litigation expenses and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the payment of extraordinary litigation expenses and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions relating to use of security for cleanup and remediation of environmental problems.. Description: Revise certain provisions relating to use of security for cleanup and remediation of environmental problems.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation from the coordinated natural resources conservation fund to the State Conservation Commission and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation from the coordinated natural resources conservation fund to the State Conservation Commission and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding pesticide registration and application.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding pesticide registration and application.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for costs related to suppression of wildfires in the state and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for costs related to suppression of wildfires in the state and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the Board of Technical Education.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the Board of Technical Education.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding school district fiduciary funds.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding school district fiduciary funds.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the authority of the Board of Education Standards to promulgate rules regarding certification.. Description: Revise the authority of the Board of Education Standards to promulgate rules regarding certification.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the prevention of aquatic invasive species contamination in public waters and to declare an emergency.. Description: Provide for the prevention of aquatic invasive species contamination in public waters and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to fund tax refunds for elderly persons and persons with a disability, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to fund tax refunds for elderly persons and persons with a disability, and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation from the water and environment fund and its revolving fund subfunds for various water and environmental purposes, to revise the water resources projects list, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation from the water and environment fund and its revolving fund subfunds for various water and environmental purposes, to revise the water resources projects list, and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update the adoption of certain American Society for Testing and Materials and National Institute of Standards and Technology standards and certain federal regulations.. Description: Update the adoption of certain American Society for Testing and Materials and National Institute of Standards and Technology standards and certain federal regulations.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding manufactured home construction and safety standards.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding manufactured home construction and safety standards.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the rule-making authority of the Human Resources Commissioner regarding the drug screening program for certain state employees.. Description: Revise the rule-making authority of the Human Resources Commissioner regarding the drug screening program for certain state employees.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the frequency of background investigations for certain state employees.. Description: Increase the frequency of background investigations for certain state employees.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions authorizing state employees to opt-out of the state employee health plan and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise provisions authorizing state employees to opt-out of the state employee health plan and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the special education property tax levy for school districts and to revise the state aid to special education formula.. Description: Revise the special education property tax levy for school districts and to revise the state aid to special education formula.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the property tax levies for the general fund of school districts and to revise the state aid to education formula.. Description: Revise the property tax levies for the general fund of school districts and to revise the state aid to education formula.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to the Board of Regents to fund the development of the Cyber Incubator and Entrepreneurial Center at Dakota State University and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to the Board of Regents to fund the development of the Cyber Incubator and Entrepreneurial Center at Dakota State University and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the design, renovation of, and addition to, the E.Y. Berry Library on the campus of Black Hills State University and to make an appropriation therefor.. Description: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the design, renovation of, and addition to, the E.Y. Berry Library on the campus of Black Hills State University and to make an appropriation therefor.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the design, renovation of, and addition to, the Devereaux Library on the campus of the South Dakota School of Mines and Technology and to make an appropriation therefor.. Description: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the design, renovation of, and addition to, the Devereaux Library on the campus of the South Dakota School of Mines and Technology and to make an appropriation therefor.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding human trafficking.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding human trafficking.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain requirements for certain advisory committees under the Board of Medical and Osteopathic Examiners, Board of Nursing, and Board of Social Work Examiners.. Description: Revise certain requirements for certain advisory committees under the Board of Medical and Osteopathic Examiners, Board of Nursing, and Board of Social Work Examiners.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish a maximum on the number of words contained in a statement of a proponent or opponent for the ballot question pamphlet.. Description: Establish a maximum on the number of words contained in a statement of a proponent or opponent for the ballot question pamphlet.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide for voter registration through an online voter registration system provided by the Office of the Secretary of State.. Description: Provide for voter registration through an online voter registration system provided by the Office of the Secretary of State.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding public access to voter registration data.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding public access to voter registration data.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Change a reference from a secondary election to a runoff election to maintain consistency in terms.. Description: Change a reference from a secondary election to a runoff election to maintain consistency in terms.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the submission process for ballot measures.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the submission process for ballot measures.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the documentation required for voter registration.. Description: Revise the documentation required for voter registration.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the termination of a political committee under certain circumstances.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the termination of a political committee under certain circumstances.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize video monitoring of residents in assisted living centers and nursing facilities.. Description: Authorize video monitoring of residents in assisted living centers and nursing facilities.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit certain acts against children and provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Prohibit certain acts against children and provide a penalty therefor.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding water development districts.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding water development districts.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding hunting with drones.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding hunting with drones.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the use of the aeronautics fund.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the use of the aeronautics fund.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Exempt vehicles owned by improvement districts from certain vehicle registration fees.. Description: Exempt vehicles owned by improvement districts from certain vehicle registration fees.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the purchase, distribution, and sale of tobacco products to persons under the age of twenty-one.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the purchase, distribution, and sale of tobacco products to persons under the age of twenty-one.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise drone surveillance protections.. Description: Revise drone surveillance protections.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise and repeal provisions regarding aviation.. Description: Revise and repeal provisions regarding aviation.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify certain provisions regarding notice, service, and execution of judgments in forceable entry and detainer actions.. Description: Modify certain provisions regarding notice, service, and execution of judgments in forceable entry and detainer actions.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Include out-of-state convictions for the basis of an enhanced penalty for the crime of stalking.. Description: Include out-of-state convictions for the basis of an enhanced penalty for the crime of stalking.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize certain veterans to attend courses offered at postsecondary technical institutes without payment of tuition.. Description: Authorize certain veterans to attend courses offered at postsecondary technical institutes without payment of tuition.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify requirements regarding the installation and inspection of certain electrical wiring.. Description: Modify requirements regarding the installation and inspection of certain electrical wiring.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize special event alcohol licenses for full-service restaurant licensees.. Description: Authorize special event alcohol licenses for full-service restaurant licensees.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the required time that sexual assault kits be preserved.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the required time that sexual assault kits be preserved.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal certain outdated provisions regarding annexation near airports.. Description: Repeal certain outdated provisions regarding annexation near airports.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish certain requirements regarding funeral processions.. Description: Establish certain requirements regarding funeral processions.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize a county to assess an administration fee for the processing of certain title applications.. Description: Authorize a county to assess an administration fee for the processing of certain title applications.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Exempt from alcoholic beverage regulations certain uses of alcohol by postsecondary institutions.. Description: Exempt from alcoholic beverage regulations certain uses of alcohol by postsecondary institutions.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the conditions under which a licensed vehicle dealer may display or sell certain vehicles.. Description: Revise the conditions under which a licensed vehicle dealer may display or sell certain vehicles.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Rename the postsecondary technical institutes as technical colleges.. Description: Rename the postsecondary technical institutes as technical colleges.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the maximum allowable height of certain vehicles carrying baled feed and to declare an emergency.. Description: Increase the maximum allowable height of certain vehicles carrying baled feed and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal certain fees charged by a clerk of courts.. Description: Repeal certain fees charged by a clerk of courts.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Create a penalty for violation of a vulnerable adult protection order and to revise certain provisions regarding protection orders.. Description: Create a penalty for violation of a vulnerable adult protection order and to revise certain provisions regarding protection orders.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the discharge of certain persons who received a suspended imposition of sentence for a misdemeanor.. Description: Provide for the discharge of certain persons who received a suspended imposition of sentence for a misdemeanor.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to evaluate the feasibility of the use of telehealth services within the criminal justice system and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to evaluate the feasibility of the use of telehealth services within the criminal justice system and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the compensation of merchandise dealers for diagnostic and warranty work.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the compensation of merchandise dealers for diagnostic and warranty work.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for an assumption of risk by any person engaged in off-road vehicle activity and to limit the liability of the renters of off-road vehicles under certain circumstances.. Description: Provide for an assumption of risk by any person engaged in off-road vehicle activity and to limit the liability of the renters of off-road vehicles under certain circumstances.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal certain provisions regarding permits for concealed pistols.. Description: Repeal certain provisions regarding permits for concealed pistols.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise requirements regarding hunting mentors.. Description: Revise requirements regarding hunting mentors.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit commercial surrogacy contracts, provide a penalty for facilitating a commercial surrogacy, and establish an interim committee to evaluate surrogacy in the state.. Description: Prohibit commercial surrogacy contracts, provide a penalty for facilitating a commercial surrogacy, and establish an interim committee to evaluate surrogacy in the state.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Modify requirements for a marriage license.. Description: Modify requirements for a marriage license.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to begin the research and development of a new bioprocessing facility and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to begin the research and development of a new bioprocessing facility and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the forensic medical examination of certain minor victims without parental or guardian consent.. Description: Authorize the forensic medical examination of certain minor victims without parental or guardian consent.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding restrictions on State Investment Council members.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding restrictions on State Investment Council members.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the state investment officer to include an indemnity provision in certain investment-related documents.. Description: Authorize the state investment officer to include an indemnity provision in certain investment-related documents.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Define style and form and authorize the code commission to make certain style and form edits to legislative acts.. Description: Define style and form and authorize the code commission to make certain style and form edits to legislative acts.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Adopt the Uniform Civil Remedies for Unauthorized Disclosure of Intimate Images Act.. Description: Adopt the Uniform Civil Remedies for Unauthorized Disclosure of Intimate Images Act.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the Uniform Limited Liability Company Act.. Description: Revise the Uniform Limited Liability Company Act.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for a uniform template to be used by each state agency in the conduct of performance management reviews.. Description: Provide for a uniform template to be used by each state agency in the conduct of performance management reviews.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the hiring of law enforcement officers by the South Dakota State Brand Board and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the hiring of law enforcement officers by the South Dakota State Brand Board and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for remote participation in a shareholders' meeting.. Description: Provide for remote participation in a shareholders' meeting.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize additional abbreviations in naming corporations, limited liability companies, and limited liability partnerships.. Description: Authorize additional abbreviations in naming corporations, limited liability companies, and limited liability partnerships.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the use of perpetual care trust funds to maintain cemeteries.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the use of perpetual care trust funds to maintain cemeteries.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal and revise certain provisions regarding riot, to establish the crime of incitement to riot, and to revise provisions regarding civil liability for riot and riot boosting.. Description: Repeal and revise certain provisions regarding riot, to establish the crime of incitement to riot, and to revise provisions regarding civil liability for riot and riot boosting.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Include certain offenses committed in another state for purposes of an enhanced penalty.. Description: Include certain offenses committed in another state for purposes of an enhanced penalty.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the governing body of a second or third class municipality to act as a planning and zoning commission.. Description: Authorize the governing body of a second or third class municipality to act as a planning and zoning commission.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding termination of a lease by a victim of alleged domestic abuse.. Description: Revise provisions regarding termination of a lease by a victim of alleged domestic abuse.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for an increase in the assessment against certain treated land.. Description: Provide for an increase in the assessment against certain treated land.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise conditions for selling non-temperature-controlled baked goods without license.. Description: Revise conditions for selling non-temperature-controlled baked goods without license.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide authority for real estate brokers to conduct real property evaluations.. Description: Provide authority for real estate brokers to conduct real property evaluations.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding real estate appraisers.. Description: Revise provisions regarding real estate appraisers.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the provision of telecommunications device location information to law enforcement agencies.. Description: Authorize the provision of telecommunications device location information to law enforcement agencies.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit the use of misleading identification for telephonic communications.. Description: Prohibit the use of misleading identification for telephonic communications.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide a rebuttable presumption in favor of joint physical custody of a minor child.. Description: Provide a rebuttable presumption in favor of joint physical custody of a minor child.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding motor vehicle license plates.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding motor vehicle license plates.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish shooting course requirements for current or former law enforcement officers seeking an enhanced permit to carry a concealed pistol.. Description: Establish shooting course requirements for current or former law enforcement officers seeking an enhanced permit to carry a concealed pistol.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for a regular review of parenting guidelines.. Description: Provide for a regular review of parenting guidelines.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Remove the requirement for a ballot election in township elections if candidates are unopposed.. Description: Remove the requirement for a ballot election in township elections if candidates are unopposed.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide financial assistance for school sentinel training.. Description: Provide financial assistance for school sentinel training.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Codify legislation enacted in 2019.. Description: Codify legislation enacted in 2019.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the acceptance of gifts by municipalities.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the acceptance of gifts by municipalities.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the appointment of inactive watershed district boards and the reactivation of watershed districts and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the appointment of inactive watershed district boards and the reactivation of watershed districts and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit the use of certain electronic devices while driving.. Description: Prohibit the use of certain electronic devices while driving.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the use of certain lights by tow truck vehicles and Department of Transportation authorized vehicles.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the use of certain lights by tow truck vehicles and Department of Transportation authorized vehicles.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Require the annual submission of a zero-based budget from certain departments or budget units.. Description: Require the annual submission of a zero-based budget from certain departments or budget units.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish the date of kindergarten enrollment eligibility.. Description: Establish the date of kindergarten enrollment eligibility.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Define dyslexia for the purposes of special education and related services.. Description: Define dyslexia for the purposes of special education and related services.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the seller's property condition disclosure statement.. Description: Revise the seller's property condition disclosure statement.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize series limited liability companies.. Description: Authorize series limited liability companies.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding bounties for coyotes.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding bounties for coyotes.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the renewal of an enhanced permit to carry a concealed pistol.. Description: Provide for the renewal of an enhanced permit to carry a concealed pistol.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide limited deer and antelope licenses to landowners.. Description: Provide limited deer and antelope licenses to landowners.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to upgrade the state radio infrastructure system and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to upgrade the state radio infrastructure system and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to expand rural? access to broadband services and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to expand rural? access to broadband services and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the dismissal of charges against pregnant women for certain controlled substance offenses under certain circumstances.. Description: Provide for the dismissal of charges against pregnant women for certain controlled substance offenses under certain circumstances.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise civil liability for riot and incitement to riot.. Description: Revise civil liability for riot and incitement to riot.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding a custodial parent relocating a minor child.. Description: Revise provisions regarding a custodial parent relocating a minor child.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the commitment of a delinquent child to the Department of Corrections.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the commitment of a delinquent child to the Department of Corrections.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Extend the termination date for the Juvenile Justice Public Safety Oversight Council.. Description: Extend the termination date for the Juvenile Justice Public Safety Oversight Council.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the titling of motor vehicles.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the titling of motor vehicles.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Provide a transfer of funds for critical teaching needs scholarships and to declare an emergency.. Description: Provide a transfer of funds for critical teaching needs scholarships and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding sexual harassment.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding sexual harassment.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the rural veterinary medical education program and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the rural veterinary medical education program and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Include children with a hearing loss in the reporting criteria required for deaf and hard-of-hearing children.. Description: Include children with a hearing loss in the reporting criteria required for deaf and hard-of-hearing children.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Make an appropriation to the gaming commission fund, to provide for the transfer of funds to the special racing revolving fund and the South Dakota-bred racing fund, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to the gaming commission fund, to provide for the transfer of funds to the special racing revolving fund and the South Dakota-bred racing fund, and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the reissuance of certain enhanced permits to carry a concealed pistol and to declare an emergency.. Description: Provide for the reissuance of certain enhanced permits to carry a concealed pistol and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize forensic medical examinations for certain persons.. Description: Authorize forensic medical examinations for certain persons.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the attorney's fees allowed in a retaliation action against a lessor.. Description: Revise the attorney's fees allowed in a retaliation action against a lessor.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Remove the requirement for a mandatory appraisal in exchanges of land between school districts.. Description: Remove the requirement for a mandatory appraisal in exchanges of land between school districts.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding hunting, fishing, or trapping on private property without permission.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding hunting, fishing, or trapping on private property without permission.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Clarify provisions regarding the discretionary formula for determining the assessed value of property for tax purposes.. Description: Clarify provisions regarding the discretionary formula for determining the assessed value of property for tax purposes.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding tax increment districts.. Description: Revise provisions regarding tax increment districts.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding electric service in annexed areas.. Description: Revise provisions regarding electric service in annexed areas.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the dates on which certain school district elections may be held.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the dates on which certain school district elections may be held.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding the procurement of public improvements.. Description: Revise provisions regarding the procurement of public improvements.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Establish the Dakota's promise scholarship program and the Dakota's promise fund.. Description: Establish the Dakota's promise scholarship program and the Dakota's promise fund.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prevent trafficking, coercion, and exploitation that occurs under the guise of obscene content.. Description: Prevent trafficking, coercion, and exploitation that occurs under the guise of obscene content.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require property owners to receive notification of property tax reduction programs.. Description: Require property owners to receive notification of property tax reduction programs.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Appropriate money for the ordinary expenses of the legislative, judicial, and executive departments of the state, the expenses of state institutions, interest on the public debt, and for common schools.. Description: Appropriate money for the ordinary expenses of the legislative, judicial, and executive departments of the state, the expenses of state institutions, interest on the public debt, and for common schools.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding contagious disease control and enforcement and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise provisions regarding contagious disease control and enforcement and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Revise the authority of the Governor in times of a disaster, act of terrorism, or emergency and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise the authority of the Governor in times of a disaster, act of terrorism, or emergency and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Provide for the postponement of certain elections and to declare an emergency.. Description: Provide for the postponement of certain elections and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the use of electronic communication in the involuntary commitment process and to declare an emergency.. Description: Provide for the use of electronic communication in the involuntary commitment process and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require the Department of Social Services to fully support a statewide centralized resource information system.. Description: Require the Department of Social Services to fully support a statewide centralized resource information system.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the designation of an appropriate regional facility by the Department of Social Services.. Description: Provide for the designation of an appropriate regional facility by the Department of Social Services.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide immunity for qualified mental health professionals at appropriate regional facilities.. Description: Provide immunity for qualified mental health professionals at appropriate regional facilities.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise certain conditions under which presumptive probation may be applied.. Description: Revise certain conditions under which presumptive probation may be applied.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding insurance holding companies.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding insurance holding companies.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal the Department of Labor and Regulation's retirement plan and to transfer plan members and funds to the South Dakota Retirement System.. Description: Repeal the Department of Labor and Regulation's retirement plan and to transfer plan members and funds to the South Dakota Retirement System.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding cosmetology licensees.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding cosmetology licensees.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding third party insurance plan administrators.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding third party insurance plan administrators.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding comity licensure in the technical professions.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding comity licensure in the technical professions.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain educational requirements for the practice of barbering.. Description: Revise certain educational requirements for the practice of barbering.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise registration requirements for motor vehicles, motorcycles, snowmobiles, trailers, and semitrailers.. Description: Revise registration requirements for motor vehicles, motorcycles, snowmobiles, trailers, and semitrailers.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the retention of motor vehicle title documents by the Department of Revenue.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the retention of motor vehicle title documents by the Department of Revenue.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation to reimburse certain health care professionals who have complied with the requirements for certain health care recruitment assistance programs and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation to reimburse certain health care professionals who have complied with the requirements for certain health care recruitment assistance programs and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for the plugging and surface reclamation of natural gas wells and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for the plugging and surface reclamation of natural gas wells and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding professional counselors.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding professional counselors.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding marriage and family therapists.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding marriage and family therapists.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Create a monitor to review and respond to complaints related to the care provided to youth in the custody or care of certain care facilities, treatment centers, and programs.. Description: Create a monitor to review and respond to complaints related to the care provided to youth in the custody or care of certain care facilities, treatment centers, and programs.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize temporary variable speed limits on state highways under certain circumstances.. Description: Authorize temporary variable speed limits on state highways under certain circumstances.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: To revise certain provisions regarding pesticide registration, pesticide application, and enforcement of pesticide laws.. Description: To revise certain provisions regarding pesticide registration, pesticide application, and enforcement of pesticide laws.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal the high school graduation or equivalent requirement for certain licensed professionals.. Description: Repeal the high school graduation or equivalent requirement for certain licensed professionals.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the fees for pesticide registration, private applicator licenses, commercial applicator licenses, and pesticide dealer licenses.. Description: Revise the fees for pesticide registration, private applicator licenses, commercial applicator licenses, and pesticide dealer licenses.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish certain requirements to maintain state compliance with the Master Settlement Agreement.. Description: Establish certain requirements to maintain state compliance with the Master Settlement Agreement.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the assessment of liquidated court costs and to revise the disposition of the funds collected.. Description: Increase the assessment of liquidated court costs and to revise the disposition of the funds collected.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish a missing persons clearinghouse.. Description: Establish a missing persons clearinghouse.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal provisions regarding the restricted real estate broker's license for auctioneers and to revise certain provisions regarding real estate licensing.. Description: Repeal provisions regarding the restricted real estate broker's license for auctioneers and to revise certain provisions regarding real estate licensing.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Update references to certain federal motor carrier regulations.. Description: Update references to certain federal motor carrier regulations.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise and repeal certain provisions relating to the South Dakota Retirement System.. Description: Revise and repeal certain provisions relating to the South Dakota Retirement System.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the administration of certain family and surviving spouse benefits of the South Dakota Retirement System.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the administration of certain family and surviving spouse benefits of the South Dakota Retirement System.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the Department of the Military to construct a storage building located in Brown County, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the Department of the Military to construct a storage building located in Brown County, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish a qualified benefit preservation arrangement for eligible members of the South Dakota Retirement System.. Description: Establish a qualified benefit preservation arrangement for eligible members of the South Dakota Retirement System.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the appropriation for the State Veterans' Cemetery and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise the appropriation for the State Veterans' Cemetery and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Transfer funds from the budget reserve fund and to declare an emergency.. Description: Transfer funds from the budget reserve fund and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Make an appropriation for costs related to disasters in the state and to declare an emergency.. Description: Make an appropriation for costs related to disasters in the state and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the General Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2020.. Description: Revise the General Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish the Jobs for South Dakota's Graduates program and the special donation fund.. Description: Establish the Jobs for South Dakota's Graduates program and the special donation fund.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the construction of an Allied Health Facility and the demolition of Julian Hall and the Julian Hall Addition to the University of South Dakota, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the construction of an Allied Health Facility and the demolition of Julian Hall and the Julian Hall Addition to the University of South Dakota, to make an appropriation therefor, and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the construction of a facilities building at the University of South Dakota and to make an appropriation therefor.. Description: Authorize the Board of Regents to contract for the construction of a facilities building at the University of South Dakota and to make an appropriation therefor.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the Board of Regents to demolish three storage structures and contract for the construction of a grounds facility at the University of South Dakota and to make an appropriation therefor.. Description: Authorize the Board of Regents to demolish three storage structures and contract for the construction of a grounds facility at the University of South Dakota and to make an appropriation therefor.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the South Dakota Building Authority to issue revenue bonds to provide for maintenance and repair on facilities controlled by the Board of Regents and to provide appropriation therefor.. Description: Authorize the South Dakota Building Authority to issue revenue bonds to provide for maintenance and repair on facilities controlled by the Board of Regents and to provide appropriation therefor.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the use of crime victims' compensation funds to reimburse law enforcement for certain emergency expenses incurred for victims.. Description: Authorize the use of crime victims' compensation funds to reimburse law enforcement for certain emergency expenses incurred for victims.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Transfer the functions of the South Dakota Value Added Finance Authority to the South Dakota Economic Development Finance Authority and the South Dakota Board of Economic Development and to abolish the South Dakota Value Added Finance Authority.. Description: Transfer the functions of the South Dakota Value Added Finance Authority to the South Dakota Economic Development Finance Authority and the South Dakota Board of Economic Development and to abolish the South Dakota Value Added Finance Authority.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to the restoration to competency of criminal defendants.. Description: Revise provisions related to the restoration to competency of criminal defendants.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding sex offender registration statutes.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding sex offender registration statutes.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the practice of a certified registered nurse anesthetist.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the practice of a certified registered nurse anesthetist.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Create a state seal specialty plate emblem.. Description: Create a state seal specialty plate emblem.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Regulate the use of auxiliary containers.. Description: Regulate the use of auxiliary containers.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Require the Board of Regents to assemble a task force to study the operations and functions of the institutions of higher education under the board's authority.. Description: Require the Board of Regents to assemble a task force to study the operations and functions of the institutions of higher education under the board's authority.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the collection of certain search and rescue service costs.. Description: Authorize the collection of certain search and rescue service costs.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Adopt the Physical Therapist Licensure Compact.. Description: Adopt the Physical Therapist Licensure Compact.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding a municipal office nominating petition.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding a municipal office nominating petition.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the membership and responsibilities of the South Dakota Board on Geographic Names.. Description: Revise the membership and responsibilities of the South Dakota Board on Geographic Names.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions pertaining to trusts.. Description: Revise certain provisions pertaining to trusts.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide for the creation and funding of Oceti Sakowin community-based schools.. Description: Provide for the creation and funding of Oceti Sakowin community-based schools.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the penalty for the misuse of emblem specialty plates on motor vehicles.. Description: Revise the penalty for the misuse of emblem specialty plates on motor vehicles.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the use of Spanish in obtaining certain driver licenses and permits.. Description: Authorize the use of Spanish in obtaining certain driver licenses and permits.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the offenses for which an order for interception of communications may be granted.. Description: Revise the offenses for which an order for interception of communications may be granted.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish the Dakota's promise scholarship program, to establish the Dakota's promise fund, to make an appropriation, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Establish the Dakota's promise scholarship program, to establish the Dakota's promise fund, to make an appropriation, and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Exempt certain persons from the requirement to publish name changes.. Description: Exempt certain persons from the requirement to publish name changes.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding legislative candidates.. Description: Revise provisions regarding legislative candidates.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Provide for a habitat stamp on hunting and fishing licenses.. Description: Provide for a habitat stamp on hunting and fishing licenses.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain sheriff's fees and costs.. Description: Revise certain sheriff's fees and costs.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish eligibility criteria for out-of-state health institutions to receive financing from the Health and Educational Facilities Authority.. Description: Establish eligibility criteria for out-of-state health institutions to receive financing from the Health and Educational Facilities Authority.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Establish meetings to review certain electric systems.. Description: Establish meetings to review certain electric systems.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize service animals in-training to enter certain establishments.. Description: Authorize service animals in-training to enter certain establishments.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding victim's rights.. Description: Revise provisions regarding victim's rights.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Prohibit the denial of benefits based solely on a controlled substance felony.. Description: Prohibit the denial of benefits based solely on a controlled substance felony.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Title vehicles older than thirty years with no existing record.. Description: Title vehicles older than thirty years with no existing record.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Extend the notification period for possession of a concealed pistol in the state capitol.. Description: Extend the notification period for possession of a concealed pistol in the state capitol.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Limit entitlement to mechanics' liens.. Description: Limit entitlement to mechanics' liens.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding instruction permits and restricted minor's driving permits.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding instruction permits and restricted minor's driving permits.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding private placement insurance.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding private placement insurance.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish exceptions regarding the possession of a pistol by a minor.. Description: Establish exceptions regarding the possession of a pistol by a minor.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: To revise provisions regarding group pheasant hunts for disabled veterans.. Description: To revise provisions regarding group pheasant hunts for disabled veterans.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise entities who may contribute to a political committee.. Description: Revise entities who may contribute to a political committee.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Allow public funds not needed for current operating expenses to be invested in certain certificates of deposit or time deposits.. Description: Allow public funds not needed for current operating expenses to be invested in certain certificates of deposit or time deposits.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Increase the bid limit for certain public improvements.. Description: Increase the bid limit for certain public improvements.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize certain witnesses to be accompanied by a certified therapeutic dog in a criminal proceeding.. Description: Authorize certain witnesses to be accompanied by a certified therapeutic dog in a criminal proceeding.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions for repair, replacement, and construction of sidewalks within a municipality.. Description: Revise provisions for repair, replacement, and construction of sidewalks within a municipality.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding replacement nursing facilities.. Description: Revise provisions regarding replacement nursing facilities.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the resolution of alleged certain disability violations.. Description: Provide for the resolution of alleged certain disability violations.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Establish certain restrictions regarding the state subsidized dual credit program.. Description: Establish certain restrictions regarding the state subsidized dual credit program.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Create the road improvement priority fund, provide for the distribution of the fund, make an appropriation, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Create the road improvement priority fund, provide for the distribution of the fund, make an appropriation, and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to tribal identification cards.. Description: Revise provisions related to tribal identification cards.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Prohibit collective bargaining by certain employees of the Board of Regents.. Description: Prohibit collective bargaining by certain employees of the Board of Regents.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Adopt the Uniform Power of Attorney Act.. Description: Adopt the Uniform Power of Attorney Act.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding emblem specialty plates.. Description: Revise provisions regarding emblem specialty plates.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise nonresident waterfowl licensure.. Description: Revise nonresident waterfowl licensure.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Define critical infrastructure and revise certain crimes for the trespass or damage to critical infrastructure.. Description: Define critical infrastructure and revise certain crimes for the trespass or damage to critical infrastructure.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for step therapy protocol regarding certain prescription drugs.. Description: Provide for step therapy protocol regarding certain prescription drugs.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal provisions regarding the South Dakota Veterans Commission.. Description: Repeal provisions regarding the South Dakota Veterans Commission.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding the county zoning and appeals process.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding the county zoning and appeals process.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the construction and operation of a nursing home facility in Moody County, South Dakota, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Authorize the construction and operation of a nursing home facility in Moody County, South Dakota, and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Exempt certain real property from the special maintenance fee levy.. Description: Exempt certain real property from the special maintenance fee levy.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide limitations on the use of lighting equipment while hunting.. Description: Provide limitations on the use of lighting equipment while hunting.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the penalties and provisions regarding approaching stopped vehicles.. Description: Revise the penalties and provisions regarding approaching stopped vehicles.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide a transfer of funds for the postsecondary scholarship grant fund and to declare an emergency.. Description: Provide a transfer of funds for the postsecondary scholarship grant fund and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise a provision regarding eligibility for the South Dakota opportunity scholarship.. Description: Revise a provision regarding eligibility for the South Dakota opportunity scholarship.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Authorize the possession of a concealed pistol by employees in county courthouses.. Description: Authorize the possession of a concealed pistol by employees in county courthouses.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding school district capital outlay funds.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding school district capital outlay funds.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the purposes for which a school district's capital outlay fund may be used.. Description: Revise the purposes for which a school district's capital outlay fund may be used.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Provide for the seizure and holding of real property as evidence.. Description: Provide for the seizure and holding of real property as evidence.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Repeal and revise certain provisions regarding the petition circulation process.. Description: Repeal and revise certain provisions regarding the petition circulation process.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise provisions regarding health benefit plans.. Description: Revise provisions regarding health benefit plans.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise the signature requirements for the nominating petitions for certain elected offices.. Description: Revise the signature requirements for the nominating petitions for certain elected offices.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Revise certain leave policies for state employees.. Description: Revise certain leave policies for state employees.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Revise certain provisions regarding reemployment assistance benefits in response to Coronavirus Disease 2019 and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise certain provisions regarding reemployment assistance benefits in response to Coronavirus Disease 2019 and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Account for educational opportunities provided to students during a state of emergency and to declare an emergency.. Description: Account for educational opportunities provided to students during a state of emergency and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Provide exemptions from certain requirements for the 2019-2020 school year and to declare an emergency.. Description: Provide exemptions from certain requirements for the 2019-2020 school year and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Revise certain driver licensing requirements to allow for an extension during a statewide emergency or disaster and to declare an emergency.. Description: Revise certain driver licensing requirements to allow for an extension during a statewide emergency or disaster and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Provide emergency authority to counties, community improvement districts, and municipalities in the event of a public health crisis and to declare an emergency.. Description: Provide emergency authority to counties, community improvement districts, and municipalities in the event of a public health crisis and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Create the small business economic disaster relief subfund, to provide for the transfer of certain funds into the subfund, to authorize the Economic Development Finance Authority to make a grant to the subfund, to provide for the continuous appropriation of the subfund, and to declare an emergency.. Description: Create the small business economic disaster relief subfund, to provide for the transfer of certain funds into the subfund, to authorize the Economic Development Finance Authority to make a grant to the subfund, to provide for the continuous appropriation of the subfund, and to declare an emergency.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Revise Senate Bill 38, An Act to revise the General Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2020, as previously enacted by the Ninety-fifth Session of the South Dakota Legislature.. Description: Revise Senate Bill 38, An Act to revise the General Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2020, as previously enacted by the Ninety-fifth Session of the South Dakota Legislature.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To ensure the existence of a healthy, sustainable equine population.. Description: To ensure the existence of a healthy, sustainable equine population.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: To formally invite President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump to the great state of South Dakota for the 4th of July fireworks celebration at Mount Rushmore.. Description: To formally invite President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump to the great state of South Dakota for the 4th of July fireworks celebration at Mount Rushmore.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Calling for statewide recognition of South Dakota's military veteran entrepreneurs and Bunker Labs of Rapid City.. Description: Calling for statewide recognition of South Dakota's military veteran entrepreneurs and Bunker Labs of Rapid City.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To direct the Department of Social Services to investigate implementing peer support services.. Description: To direct the Department of Social Services to investigate implementing peer support services.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Supporting the Electoral College.. Description: Supporting the Electoral College.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To create a task force for the purpose of reviewing the manner in which mental health services are delivered in this state and considering changes to existing models or alternative models that could be utilized for the delivery of mental health services on a regional basis in this state.. Description: To create a task force for the purpose of reviewing the manner in which mental health services are delivered in this state and considering changes to existing models or alternative models that could be utilized for the delivery of mental health services on a regional basis in this state.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Commending the nation of Israel for its cordial and mutually beneficial relationship with the United States and with the State of South Dakota.. Description: Commending the nation of Israel for its cordial and mutually beneficial relationship with the United States and with the State of South Dakota.
In 2020, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the members of South Dakota's congressional delegation to annually appear before a joint session of the Legislature to provide information and answer questions.. Description: Requesting the members of South Dakota's congressional delegation to annually appear before a joint session of the Legislature to provide information and answer questions.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Supporting students and other persons afflicted by epilepsy and raising awareness of epilepsy in South Dakota.. Description: Supporting students and other persons afflicted by epilepsy and raising awareness of epilepsy in South Dakota.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To authorize a legislative study for the continuum of care for the disabled and elderly of South Dakota.. Description: To authorize a legislative study for the continuum of care for the disabled and elderly of South Dakota.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Strengthening the sister-state ties between the State of South Dakota and Taiwan; supporting the signing of a Bilateral Trade Agreement (BTA) between Taiwan and the United States; and reaffirming support for increasing Taiwans international participation.. Description: Strengthening the sister-state ties between the State of South Dakota and Taiwan; supporting the signing of a Bilateral Trade Agreement (BTA) between Taiwan and the United States; and reaffirming support for increasing Taiwans international participation.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Urging all South Dakotans to participate in the 2020 United States Census.. Description: Urging all South Dakotans to participate in the 2020 United States Census.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To encourage the Department of Game, Fish and Parks in 2020, as part of the biennial review of endangered and threatened species, to delist the river otter and manage this species as a harvested furbearer if scientifically-sound biological and ecological data support such a decision.. Description: To encourage the Department of Game, Fish and Parks in 2020, as part of the biennial review of endangered and threatened species, to delist the river otter and manage this species as a harvested furbearer if scientifically-sound biological and ecological data support such a decision.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To provide for a legislative task force to study, report, and develop and consider recommendations and proposed legislation regarding the evaluation and standardization of quality measurements of agricultural products.. Description: To provide for a legislative task force to study, report, and develop and consider recommendations and proposed legislation regarding the evaluation and standardization of quality measurements of agricultural products.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Supporting the efforts of William "Bill" Casper as the South Dakota state chairman of the State Funeral for World War II Veterans in his efforts to petition President Donald J. Trump to hold a state funeral for World War II veterans.. Description: Supporting the efforts of William "Bill" Casper as the South Dakota state chairman of the State Funeral for World War II Veterans in his efforts to petition President Donald J. Trump to hold a state funeral for World War II veterans.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To encourage the creation of an interim legislative study to address infrastructure and funding support related to the expansion of Ellsworth Air Force Base.. Description: To encourage the creation of an interim legislative study to address infrastructure and funding support related to the expansion of Ellsworth Air Force Base.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Urging greater awareness and understanding of post-traumatic stress injury.. Description: Urging greater awareness and understanding of post-traumatic stress injury.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Denouncing the National Education Association's recent policy to support "the fundamental right to abortion.". Description: Denouncing the National Education Association's recent policy to support "the fundamental right to abortion."
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Supporting the continued operation of the D.C. Booth Historic National Fish Hatchery.. Description: Supporting the continued operation of the D.C. Booth Historic National Fish Hatchery.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Urging the State Trade Office in the Governor's Office of Economic Development to promote international business and trade on behalf of South Dakota exporters.. Description: Urging the State Trade Office in the Governor's Office of Economic Development to promote international business and trade on behalf of South Dakota exporters.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: To encourage the Executive Board of the Legislature to create an interim legislative study to address the mental health of first responders.. Description: To encourage the Executive Board of the Legislature to create an interim legislative study to address the mental health of first responders.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Commending automotive enthusiasts in South Dakota and the Specialty Equipment Market Association for their contributions in preserving classic automobiles and urging the Governor to declare a South Dakota Collector Car Appreciation Day this year.. Description: Commending automotive enthusiasts in South Dakota and the Specialty Equipment Market Association for their contributions in preserving classic automobiles and urging the Governor to declare a South Dakota Collector Car Appreciation Day this year.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Supporting trade negotiations to remove barriers to country of origin labelling.. Description: Supporting trade negotiations to remove barriers to country of origin labelling.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing the importance of gun safety.. Description: Recognizing the importance of gun safety.
In 2020, South Dakota enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing June as Move Over Awareness Month and urging drivers to slow down and move over for stopped vehicles.. Description: Recognizing June as Move Over Awareness Month and urging drivers to slow down and move over for stopped vehicles.
In 2020, South Dakota passed a bill titled: Proposing and submitting to the voters an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, providing for wagering on sporting events and to revise provisions regarding certain municipal proceeds of gaming revenues.. Description: Proposing and submitting to the voters an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, providing for wagering on sporting events and to revise provisions regarding certain municipal proceeds of gaming revenues.
