Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Vermont:
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution relating to House Rules. Description: House resolution relating to House Rules
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution relating to the organization of the House and informing the Senate thereof. Description: House resolution relating to the organization of the House and informing the Senate thereof
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution relating to the organization of the House and informing the Governor thereof. Description: House resolution relating to the organization of the House and informing the Governor thereof
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution relating to standing committees. Description: House resolution relating to standing committees
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to the rules of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to the rules of the Senate
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to concurrently conducted electronic committee meetings. Description: Senate resolution relating to concurrently conducted electronic committee meetings
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to electronic participation in Senate Session. Description: Senate resolution relating to electronic participation in Senate Session
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to inform the Governor of the organization of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to inform the Governor of the organization of the Senate
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to informing the House of the organization of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to informing the House of the organization of the Senate
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Richford Junior-Senior High School Falcons Division IV championship boys’ track and field team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Richford Junior-Senior High School Falcons Division IV championship boys’ track and field team
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Missisquoi Valley Union High School Thunderbirds Division I championship softball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Missisquoi Valley Union High School Thunderbirds Division I championship softball team
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Enosburg Falls High School Hornets Division II championship softball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Enosburg Falls High School Hornets Division II championship softball team
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Richford Junior-Senior High School Division IV championship girls’ soccer team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Richford Junior-Senior High School Division IV championship girls’ soccer team
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Richford Junior-Senior High School Rockets Division IV championship softball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Richford Junior-Senior High School Rockets Division IV championship softball team
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Milton High School Yellowjackets girls’ soccer team on winning a second consecutive Division II championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Milton High School Yellowjackets girls’ soccer team on winning a second consecutive Division II championship
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Fair Haven Union High School Slaters Division II championship boys’ football team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Fair Haven Union High School Slaters Division II championship boys’ football team
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 29, 2025 as Mental Health Advocacy Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 29, 2025 as Mental Health Advocacy Day at the State House
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Vermonters who created the Tony-Award winning musical Hadestown and the Vermont theatrical youth ensembles now staging exhilarating teen performances. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Vermonters who created the Tony-Award winning musical Hadestown and the Vermont theatrical youth ensembles now staging exhilarating teen performances
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Brattleboro Memorial Hospital on its 120th anniversary. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Brattleboro Memorial Hospital on its 120th anniversary
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to joint rules. Description: Joint resolution relating to joint rules
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the report of the committee appointed to canvass votes for state officers. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the report of the committee appointed to canvass votes for state officers
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the inaugural message of the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the inaugural message of the Governor
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on January 10, 2025. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on January 10, 2025
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on January 17, 2025. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on January 17, 2025
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor
In 2025, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on January 24, 2025. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on January 24, 2025
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to school construction. Description: An act relating to school construction
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to legislative oversight of payment reform and conflict-free case management for developmental disability services. Description: An act relating to legislative oversight of payment reform and conflict-free case management for developmental disability services
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to amending the Vermont Employment Growth Incentive Program. Description: An act relating to amending the Vermont Employment Growth Incentive Program
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to landlord notice of utility disconnections. Description: An act relating to landlord notice of utility disconnections
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to coercive controlling behavior and abuse prevention orders. Description: An act relating to coercive controlling behavior and abuse prevention orders
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to diversion and expungement. Description: An act relating to diversion and expungement
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to aquatic nuisance control. Description: An act relating to aquatic nuisance control
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Victims Assistance Program. Description: An act relating to the Victims Assistance Program
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to nonconsensual removal of or tampering with a condom. Description: An act relating to nonconsensual removal of or tampering with a condom
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to referral of domestic and sexual violence cases to community justice centers. Description: An act relating to referral of domestic and sexual violence cases to community justice centers
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to temporary alternative procedures for annual municipal meetings and electronic meetings of public bodies. Description: An act relating to temporary alternative procedures for annual municipal meetings and electronic meetings of public bodies
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to abusive litigation filed against survivors of domestic abuse, stalking, or sexual assault. Description: An act relating to abusive litigation filed against survivors of domestic abuse, stalking, or sexual assault
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of the dissolution of Colchester Fire District No.Â 3. Description: An act relating to approval of the dissolution of Colchester Fire District No.Â 3
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to driver’s license suspensions and revenue for the Domestic and Sexual Violence Special Fund. Description: An act relating to driver’s license suspensions and revenue for the Domestic and Sexual Violence Special Fund
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous unemployment insurance, workers' compensation, and employment practices amendments and to establishing the Vermont Baby Bond Trust. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous unemployment insurance, workers' compensation, and employment practices amendments and to establishing the Vermont Baby Bond Trust
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the interstate Counseling Compact. Description: An act relating to the interstate Counseling Compact
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to paid family and medical leave insurance. Description: An act relating to paid family and medical leave insurance
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to household products containing hazardous substances. Description: An act relating to household products containing hazardous substances
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to a harm-reduction criminal justice response to drug use. Description: An act relating to a harm-reduction criminal justice response to drug use
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to captive insurance. Description: An act relating to captive insurance
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Vermont’s adoption of the Physical Therapy Licensure Compact. Description: An act relating to Vermont’s adoption of the Physical Therapy Licensure Compact
In 2024, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to fair repair of agricultural equipment. Description: An act relating to fair repair of agricultural equipment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Vermont’s adoption of the Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact. Description: An act relating to Vermont’s adoption of the Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to civil and criminal procedures concerning legally protected health care activity. Description: An act relating to civil and criminal procedures concerning legally protected health care activity
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to removing the Reach Up ratable reduction. Description: An act relating to removing the Reach Up ratable reduction
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Art in State Buildings Program. Description: An act relating to the Art in State Buildings Program
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to extending the sunset under 30 V.S.A. § 248a. Description: An act relating to extending the sunset under 30 V.S.A. § 248a
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to boards and commissions. Description: An act relating to boards and commissions
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to community resilience and biodiversity protection. Description: An act relating to community resilience and biodiversity protection
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to sports wagering. Description: An act relating to sports wagering
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting discrimination against persons without homes. Description: An act relating to prohibiting discrimination against persons without homes
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to fiscal year 2023 budget adjustments. Description: An act relating to fiscal year 2023 budget adjustments
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to amendments to the charter of the Northeast Kingdom Waste Management District. Description: An act relating to amendments to the charter of the Northeast Kingdom Waste Management District
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to raising the age of eligibility to marry. Description: An act relating to raising the age of eligibility to marry
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the Village of Alburgh. Description: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the Village of Alburgh
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Vermont basic needs budget. Description: An act relating to the Vermont basic needs budget
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to issuance of burning permits. Description: An act relating to issuance of burning permits
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to school food programs and universal school meals. Description: An act relating to school food programs and universal school meals
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to adult protective services and emergency housing transition. Description: An act relating to adult protective services and emergency housing transition
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting manipulating a child for the purpose of sexual contact. Description: An act relating to prohibiting manipulating a child for the purpose of sexual contact
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to modernizing the Children and Family Council for Prevention Programs. Description: An act relating to modernizing the Children and Family Council for Prevention Programs
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to commissioning Department of Corrections personnel as notaries public. Description: An act relating to commissioning Department of Corrections personnel as notaries public
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to removing the residency requirement from Vermont’s patient choice at end of life laws. Description: An act relating to removing the residency requirement from Vermont’s patient choice at end of life laws
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to establishing the Small Farmer Diversification and Transition Program. Description: An act relating to establishing the Small Farmer Diversification and Transition Program
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes affecting the duties of the Department of Vermont Health Access. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes affecting the duties of the Department of Vermont Health Access
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to creating a study committee on mobile homes and mobile home parks. Description: An act relating to creating a study committee on mobile homes and mobile home parks
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to child care, early education, workers' compensation, and unemployment insurance. Description: An act relating to child care, early education, workers' compensation, and unemployment insurance
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to reducing overdoses. Description: An act relating to reducing overdoses
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Vermont Uniform Power of Attorney Act. Description: An act relating to the Vermont Uniform Power of Attorney Act
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to implementing mechanisms to reduce suicide and community violence. Description: An act relating to implementing mechanisms to reduce suicide and community violence
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to licensure and regulation of pharmacy benefit managers. Description: An act relating to licensure and regulation of pharmacy benefit managers
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Vermont’s adoption of the Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact. Description: An act relating to Vermont’s adoption of the Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to the adult-use and medical cannabis programs. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to the adult-use and medical cannabis programs
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Springfield. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Springfield
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to creating a rental housing registry. Description: An act relating to creating a rental housing registry
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Uniform Trust Decanting Act. Description: An act relating to the Uniform Trust Decanting Act
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact. Description: An act relating to the Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to liability for the sale of alcoholic beverages. Description: An act relating to liability for the sale of alcoholic beverages
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Renewable Energy Standard. Description: An act relating to the Renewable Energy Standard
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the creation of the Cybersecurity Advisory Council. Description: An act relating to the creation of the Cybersecurity Advisory Council
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to professions and occupations regulated by the Office of Professional Regulation. Description: An act relating to professions and occupations regulated by the Office of Professional Regulation
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Uniform Directed Trust Act. Description: An act relating to the Uniform Directed Trust Act
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting discrimination based on certain hair types and styles. Description: An act relating to prohibiting discrimination based on certain hair types and styles
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Brattleboro. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Brattleboro
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to extending COVID-19 health care regulatory flexibility. Description: An act relating to extending COVID-19 health care regulatory flexibility
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to establishing an unused drug repository for Vermont. Description: An act relating to establishing an unused drug repository for Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the Town of Barre. Description: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the Town of Barre
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to election laws. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to election laws
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to expanding apprenticeship and other workforce opportunities. Description: An act relating to expanding apprenticeship and other workforce opportunities
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to making miscellaneous changes in education laws. Description: An act relating to making miscellaneous changes in education laws
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to regional emergency management committees’ meeting quorum requirement. Description: An act relating to regional emergency management committees’ meeting quorum requirement
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to technical corrections for the 2023 legislative session. Description: An act relating to technical corrections for the 2023 legislative session
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to remote and electronic processes for executing an advance directive. Description: An act relating to remote and electronic processes for executing an advance directive
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to alcoholic beverage laws. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to alcoholic beverage laws
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to technical and administrative changes to Vermont’s tax laws. Description: An act relating to technical and administrative changes to Vermont’s tax laws
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to radiologist assistants. Description: An act relating to radiologist assistants
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to law enforcement officer training laws. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to law enforcement officer training laws
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Transportation Program and miscellaneous changes to laws related to transportation. Description: An act relating to the Transportation Program and miscellaneous changes to laws related to transportation
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to property valuation and reappraisals. Description: An act relating to property valuation and reappraisals
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to public health initiatives to address death by suicide. Description: An act relating to public health initiatives to address death by suicide
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Vermont Criminal Justice Council recommendations for law enforcement officer training. Description: An act relating to Vermont Criminal Justice Council recommendations for law enforcement officer training
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the accountability and oversight of approved independent schools that are eligible to receive public tuition. Description: An act relating to the accountability and oversight of approved independent schools that are eligible to receive public tuition
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of the adoption of the charter of the Town of Ludlow. Description: An act relating to approval of the adoption of the charter of the Town of Ludlow
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the Town of Shelburne. Description: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the Town of Shelburne
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approving the merger of the Village of Lyndonville with the Town of Lyndon. Description: An act relating to approving the merger of the Village of Lyndonville with the Town of Lyndon
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to setting the homestead property tax yields and the nonhomestead property tax rate. Description: An act relating to setting the homestead property tax yields and the nonhomestead property tax rate
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to capital construction and State bonding. Description: An act relating to capital construction and State bonding
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to making appropriations for the support of government. Description: An act relating to making appropriations for the support of government
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the approval of the amendment to the charter of the Town of Middlebury. Description: An act relating to the approval of the amendment to the charter of the Town of Middlebury
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of St. Johnsbury. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of St. Johnsbury
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Berlin. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Berlin
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the City of Rutland. Description: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the City of Rutland
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the election boundary provisions of the charter of the City of Burlington. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the election boundary provisions of the charter of the City of Burlington
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the polling place provisions of the charter of the City of Burlington. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the polling place provisions of the charter of the City of Burlington
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the ranked choice voting provisions of the charter of the City of Burlington. Description: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the ranked choice voting provisions of the charter of the City of Burlington
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the voter qualification provisions of the charter of the City of Burlington. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the voter qualification provisions of the charter of the City of Burlington
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of Essex Junction. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of Essex Junction
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of the dissolution of Duxbury-Moretown Fire District No. 1 and to deputy State's Attorneys. Description: An act relating to approval of the dissolution of Duxbury-Moretown Fire District No. 1 and to deputy State's Attorneys
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Essex. Description: An act relating to the approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Essex
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution relating to House Rules. Description: House resolution relating to House Rules
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to retail theft. Description: An act relating to retail theft
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Vermont’s adoption of the Social Work Licensure Compact and to emergency housing eligibility documentation. Description: An act relating to Vermont’s adoption of the Social Work Licensure Compact and to emergency housing eligibility documentation
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to administrative and policy changes to tax laws. Description: An act relating to administrative and policy changes to tax laws
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of the adoption of the charter of the Town of South Hero. Description: An act relating to approval of the adoption of the charter of the Town of South Hero
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to making technical corrections to workers’ compensation rulemaking requirements. Description: An act relating to making technical corrections to workers’ compensation rulemaking requirements
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to unlawful trespass in a motor vehicle and unauthorized operation of a motor vehicle without the owner's consent. Description: An act relating to unlawful trespass in a motor vehicle and unauthorized operation of a motor vehicle without the owner's consent
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to amending the pension system for sheriffs and certain deputy sheriffs. Description: An act relating to amending the pension system for sheriffs and certain deputy sheriffs
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to retroactively reinstating 10 V.S.A. §Â 6081(b). Description: An act relating to retroactively reinstating 10 V.S.A. §Â 6081(b)
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the poultry slaughter exception to inspection. Description: An act relating to the poultry slaughter exception to inspection
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to professional licensure and immigration status. Description: An act relating to professional licensure and immigration status
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous cannabis amendments. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous cannabis amendments
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to land improvement fraud and timber trespass. Description: An act relating to land improvement fraud and timber trespass
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to health insurance coverage for diagnostic breast imaging. Description: An act relating to health insurance coverage for diagnostic breast imaging
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to emergency medical services. Description: An act relating to emergency medical services
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to animal welfare. Description: An act relating to animal welfare
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to changes to property tax abatement and tax sales. Description: An act relating to changes to property tax abatement and tax sales
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to improving access to high-quality education through community collaboration. Description: An act relating to improving access to high-quality education through community collaboration
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to flood risk disclosure, accessibility standards for State-funded residential construction, housing accountability, and recovery residence evictions. Description: An act relating to flood risk disclosure, accessibility standards for State-funded residential construction, housing accountability, and recovery residence evictions
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to access to records by individuals who were in foster care. Description: An act relating to access to records by individuals who were in foster care
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the expansion of approaches to restorative justice. Description: An act relating to the expansion of approaches to restorative justice
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Vermont Truth and Reconciliation Commission. Description: An act relating to the Vermont Truth and Reconciliation Commission
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to studies of policies and procedures regarding the sealing of criminal history records. Description: An act relating to studies of policies and procedures regarding the sealing of criminal history records
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the modernization of Vermont’s communications taxes and fees. Description: An act relating to the modernization of Vermont’s communications taxes and fees
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to banking, insurance, and securities. Description: An act relating to banking, insurance, and securities
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to child abuse and neglect investigation and substantiation standards and procedures. Description: An act relating to child abuse and neglect investigation and substantiation standards and procedures
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to designating a State Mushroom. Description: An act relating to designating a State Mushroom
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to escrow deposit bonds. Description: An act relating to escrow deposit bonds
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the creation of the Vermont-Ireland Trade Commission. Description: An act relating to the creation of the Vermont-Ireland Trade Commission
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to community resilience and biodiversity protection through land use. Description: An act relating to community resilience and biodiversity protection through land use
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to sexual exploitation. Description: An act relating to sexual exploitation
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to legislative operations and government accountability. Description: An act relating to legislative operations and government accountability
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to disclosure of compensation in job advertisements. Description: An act relating to disclosure of compensation in job advertisements
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to banning the use of neonicotinoid pesticides. Description: An act relating to banning the use of neonicotinoid pesticides
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to revising the delivery and governance of the Vermont workforce system. Description: An act relating to revising the delivery and governance of the Vermont workforce system
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to expanding access to Medicaid and Dr. Dynasaur. Description: An act relating to expanding access to Medicaid and Dr. Dynasaur
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to health insurance coverage for colorectal cancer screening. Description: An act relating to health insurance coverage for colorectal cancer screening
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Vermont Parentage Act. Description: An act relating to the Vermont Parentage Act
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to expanding equal pay protections. Description: An act relating to expanding equal pay protections
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to prior authorization and step therapy requirements, health insurance claims, and provider contracts. Description: An act relating to prior authorization and step therapy requirements, health insurance claims, and provider contracts
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to judicial nominations and appointments. Description: An act relating to judicial nominations and appointments
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to services provided by the Vermont Veterans’ Home. Description: An act relating to services provided by the Vermont Veterans’ Home
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of the adoption of the charter of the Town of Waterbury. Description: An act relating to approval of the adoption of the charter of the Town of Waterbury
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to long-term housing solutions. Description: An act relating to long-term housing solutions
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous judiciary procedures. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous judiciary procedures
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act related to fiscal year 2024 budget adjustments. Description: An act related to fiscal year 2024 budget adjustments
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to designating November as Vermont Month of the Veteran. Description: An act relating to designating November as Vermont Month of the Veteran
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to peer support provider and peer recovery support specialist certification. Description: An act relating to peer support provider and peer recovery support specialist certification
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to technical corrections for the 2024 legislative session. Description: An act relating to technical corrections for the 2024 legislative session
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to transitioning education financing to the new system for pupil weighting. Description: An act relating to transitioning education financing to the new system for pupil weighting
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to medical leave for a serious injury. Description: An act relating to medical leave for a serious injury
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to reimbursement parity for health care services delivered in person, by telemedicine, and by audio-only telephone and extending time for flood abatement reimbursement. Description: An act relating to reimbursement parity for health care services delivered in person, by telemedicine, and by audio-only telephone and extending time for flood abatement reimbursement
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Barre. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Barre
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to the laws governing alcoholic beverages and the Board of Liquor and Lottery. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to the laws governing alcoholic beverages and the Board of Liquor and Lottery
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the fiscal year 2025 Transportation Program and miscellaneous changes to laws related to transportation. Description: An act relating to the fiscal year 2025 Transportation Program and miscellaneous changes to laws related to transportation
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of the merger of Brandon Fire District No. 1 and Brandon Fire District No. 2. Description: An act relating to approval of the merger of Brandon Fire District No. 1 and Brandon Fire District No. 2
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to professions and occupations regulated by the Office of Professional Regulation. Description: An act relating to professions and occupations regulated by the Office of Professional Regulation
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the development of an updated State aid to school construction program. Description: An act relating to the development of an updated State aid to school construction program
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous updates to the powers of the Vermont Criminal Justice Council and the duties of law enforcement officers. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous updates to the powers of the Vermont Criminal Justice Council and the duties of law enforcement officers
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to financing the testing for and remediation of the presence of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in schools. Description: An act relating to financing the testing for and remediation of the presence of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in schools
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes in education laws. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes in education laws
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the State Ethics Commission and the State Code of Ethics. Description: An act relating to the State Ethics Commission and the State Code of Ethics
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to the corrections laws. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to the corrections laws
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the Emergency Temporary Shelter Program. Description: An act relating to the Emergency Temporary Shelter Program
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to increasing access to justice and to corporate taxes and fees. Description: An act relating to increasing access to justice and to corporate taxes and fees
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the City of Burlington. Description: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the City of Burlington
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to capital construction and State bonding budget adjustment. Description: An act relating to capital construction and State bonding budget adjustment
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to making appropriations for the support of government. Description: An act relating to making appropriations for the support of government
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the modernization of governance for the St. Albans Cemetery Association. Description: An act relating to the modernization of governance for the St. Albans Cemetery Association
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the Town of Berlin. Description: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the Town of Berlin
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of South Burlington. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of South Burlington
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to homestead property tax yields, nonhomestead rates, and policy changes to education finance and taxation. Description: An act relating to homestead property tax yields, nonhomestead rates, and policy changes to education finance and taxation
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Hartford. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Hartford
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to compensation for certain State employees (Pay Act). Description: An act relating to compensation for certain State employees (Pay Act)
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting paramilitary training camps. Description: An act relating to prohibiting paramilitary training camps
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to reducing crimes of violence associated with juveniles and dangerous weapons. Description: An act relating to reducing crimes of violence associated with juveniles and dangerous weapons
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to affordably meeting the mandated greenhouse gas reductions for the thermal sector through efficiency, weatherization measures, electrification, and decarbonization. Description: An act relating to affordably meeting the mandated greenhouse gas reductions for the thermal sector through efficiency, weatherization measures, electrification, and decarbonization
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the authority of the State Auditor to examine the books and records of State contractors. Description: An act relating to the authority of the State Auditor to examine the books and records of State contractors
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to a report on criminal justice-related investments and trends. Description: An act relating to a report on criminal justice-related investments and trends
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to sheriff reforms. Description: An act relating to sheriff reforms
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to regulating consumer products containing perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances or other chemicals. Description: An act relating to regulating consumer products containing perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances or other chemicals
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to reducing the imposition of cash bail. Description: An act relating to reducing the imposition of cash bail
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to creating a Sister State Program. Description: An act relating to creating a Sister State Program
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to ranked-choice voting for presidential primary elections. Description: An act relating to ranked-choice voting for presidential primary elections
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous judiciary procedures. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous judiciary procedures
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the Town of Hartford’s tax increment financing district. Description: An act relating to the Town of Hartford’s tax increment financing district
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to crimes against health care workers at hospitals and against emergency medical treatment providers. Description: An act relating to crimes against health care workers at hospitals and against emergency medical treatment providers
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to access to legally protected health care activity and regulation of health care providers. Description: An act relating to access to legally protected health care activity and regulation of health care providers
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to divestment of State pension funds of investments in the fossil fuel industry. Description: An act relating to divestment of State pension funds of investments in the fossil fuel industry
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to an elective pass-through entity income tax and credit. Description: An act relating to an elective pass-through entity income tax and credit
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the transport of individuals requiring psychiatric care. Description: An act relating to the transport of individuals requiring psychiatric care
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to regulating the sale of catalytic converters. Description: An act relating to regulating the sale of catalytic converters
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to individual and small group insurance markets. Description: An act relating to individual and small group insurance markets
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to updating Vermont's Open Meeting Law. Description: An act relating to updating Vermont's Open Meeting Law
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to child care and early childhood education. Description: An act relating to child care and early childhood education
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to public safety. Description: An act relating to public safety
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to local option taxes. Description: An act relating to local option taxes
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to commercial insurance coverage of epinephrine auto-injectors. Description: An act relating to commercial insurance coverage of epinephrine auto-injectors
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to workers’ compensation coverage for firefighters with cancer. Description: An act relating to workers’ compensation coverage for firefighters with cancer
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to laws related to vehicles. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to laws related to vehicles
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous environmental conservation subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous environmental conservation subjects
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to establishing a forensic facility. Description: An act relating to establishing a forensic facility
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to competency to stand trial and insanity as a defense. Description: An act relating to competency to stand trial and insanity as a defense
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the sales tax exemption for advanced wood boilers. Description: An act relating to the sales tax exemption for advanced wood boilers
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the City of Barre tax increment financing district. Description: An act relating to the City of Barre tax increment financing district
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to banking and insurance. Description: An act relating to banking and insurance
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to privatization contracts. Description: An act relating to privatization contracts
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Green Mountain Care Board authority over prescription drug costs and the Green Mountain Care Board nomination and appointment process. Description: An act relating to Green Mountain Care Board authority over prescription drug costs and the Green Mountain Care Board nomination and appointment process
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to housing opportunities made for everyone. Description: An act relating to housing opportunities made for everyone
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to expanding employment protections and collective bargaining rights. Description: An act relating to expanding employment protections and collective bargaining rights
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to amending the prohibitions against discrimination. Description: An act relating to amending the prohibitions against discrimination
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to designating August 31 as Overdose Awareness Day. Description: An act relating to designating August 31 as Overdose Awareness Day
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Medicaid coverage for doula services. Description: An act relating to Medicaid coverage for doula services
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous subjects related to the Public Utility Commission. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous subjects related to the Public Utility Commission
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the establishment of the Psychedelic Therapy Advisory Working Group. Description: An act relating to the establishment of the Psychedelic Therapy Advisory Working Group
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to postsecondary schools and sexual misconduct protections. Description: An act relating to postsecondary schools and sexual misconduct protections
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to education law. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to education law
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the establishment of VT Saves. Description: An act relating to the establishment of VT Saves
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to energy efficiency modernization. Description: An act relating to energy efficiency modernization
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to school safety. Description: An act relating to school safety
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of the charter of Fairfax Fire District No. 1. Description: An act relating to approval of the charter of Fairfax Fire District No. 1
In 2023, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the permitting of indirect discharges. Description: An act relating to the permitting of indirect discharges
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to automobile insurance. Description: An act relating to automobile insurance
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Vermont State Plane Coordinate System. Description: An act relating to the Vermont State Plane Coordinate System
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the County and Regional Governance Study Committee. Description: An act relating to the County and Regional Governance Study Committee
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to State education property taxes and flood-related damage. Description: An act relating to State education property taxes and flood-related damage
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to education law. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to education law
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the investment of State funds in credit unions. Description: An act relating to the investment of State funds in credit unions
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to establishing a television assessment and community media. Description: An act relating to establishing a television assessment and community media
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to reenvisioning the Agency of Human Services. Description: An act relating to reenvisioning the Agency of Human Services
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the temporary use of automated traffic law enforcement (ATLE) systems. Description: An act relating to the temporary use of automated traffic law enforcement (ATLE) systems
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the systemic evaluation of recovery residences and recovery communities. Description: An act relating to the systemic evaluation of recovery residences and recovery communities
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to student application of sunscreen. Description: An act relating to student application of sunscreen
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to mental health response service guidelines and the safety of social service and home health providers. Description: An act relating to mental health response service guidelines and the safety of social service and home health providers
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to statements made by a child victim of an offense involving serious bodily injury. Description: An act relating to statements made by a child victim of an offense involving serious bodily injury
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to New American educational grant opportunities. Description: An act relating to New American educational grant opportunities
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to civil commitment procedures at a secure residential recovery facility and a psychiatric residential treatment facility for youth and civil commitment procedures for individuals with an intellectual disability. Description: An act relating to civil commitment procedures at a secure residential recovery facility and a psychiatric residential treatment facility for youth and civil commitment procedures for individuals with an intellectual disability
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to how a defendant’s criminal record is considered in imposing conditions of release. Description: An act relating to how a defendant’s criminal record is considered in imposing conditions of release
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the types of evidence permitted in weight of the evidence hearings. Description: An act relating to the types of evidence permitted in weight of the evidence hearings
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to restricting perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances in consumer products. Description: An act relating to restricting perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances in consumer products
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to mergers and governance of communications union districts. Description: An act relating to mergers and governance of communications union districts
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to supporting Vermont's young readers through evidence-based literacy instruction. Description: An act relating to supporting Vermont's young readers through evidence-based literacy instruction
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to designating Juneteenth as a legal holiday. Description: An act relating to designating Juneteenth as a legal holiday
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting unserialized firearms and unserialized firearms frames and receivers. Description: An act relating to prohibiting unserialized firearms and unserialized firearms frames and receivers
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the regulation of wetlands, river corridor development, and dam safety. Description: An act relating to the regulation of wetlands, river corridor development, and dam safety
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Vermont’s public libraries. Description: An act relating to Vermont’s public libraries
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to amending the Vermont basic needs budget and livable wage. Description: An act relating to amending the Vermont basic needs budget and livable wage
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to building energy codes. Description: An act relating to building energy codes
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to including rechargeable batteries and battery-containing products under the State battery stewardship program. Description: An act relating to including rechargeable batteries and battery-containing products under the State battery stewardship program
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to Department of Motor Vehicles credentials and number plates with veteran designations. Description: An act relating to Department of Motor Vehicles credentials and number plates with veteran designations
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the management of fish and wildlife. Description: An act relating to the management of fish and wildlife
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to climate change cost recovery. Description: An act relating to climate change cost recovery
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting a comparative negligence defense in an action for a negligence claim relating to a sexual act or sexual conduct. Description: An act relating to prohibiting a comparative negligence defense in an action for a negligence claim relating to a sexual act or sexual conduct
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to student use of cell phones and other personal electronic devices in schools. Description: An act relating to student use of cell phones and other personal electronic devices in schools
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to law enforcement interrogation policies. Description: An act relating to law enforcement interrogation policies
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to age-appropriate design code. Description: An act relating to age-appropriate design code
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to public health outreach programs regarding dementia risk. Description: An act relating to public health outreach programs regarding dementia risk
In 2024, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to Vermont’s career and technical education programs. Description: An act relating to Vermont’s career and technical education programs
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes related to the Public Utility Commission. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes related to the Public Utility Commission
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to laws related to the Department of Motor Vehicles, motor vehicles, and vessels. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to laws related to the Department of Motor Vehicles, motor vehicles, and vessels
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to natural disaster government response, recovery, and resiliency. Description: An act relating to natural disaster government response, recovery, and resiliency
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution relating to House Rules. Description: House resolution relating to House Rules
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution relating to the organization of the House and informing the Senate thereof. Description: House resolution relating to the organization of the House and informing the Senate thereof
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution relating to the organization of the House and informing the Governor thereof. Description: House resolution relating to the organization of the House and informing the Governor thereof
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution relating to standing committees. Description: House resolution relating to standing committees
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution recognizing April 2023 as the Month of the Military Child in Vermont and supporting the important work it represents. Description: House resolution recognizing April 2023 as the Month of the Military Child in Vermont and supporting the important work it represents
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution supporting the continuing resiliency and strengthening of the Abenaki communities in Vermont and encouraging a greater appreciation and respect for Abenaki culture during Abenaki Recognition and Heritage Week and throughout the year. Description: House resolution supporting the continuing resiliency and strengthening of the Abenaki communities in Vermont and encouraging a greater appreciation and respect for Abenaki culture during Abenaki Recognition and Heritage Week and throughout the year
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the music therapists of Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the music therapists of Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution in memory of Jarlath O’Neil-Dunne, Director of the Spatial Analysis Laboratory at the University of Vermont. Description: House resolution in memory of Jarlath O’Neil-Dunne, Director of the Spatial Analysis Laboratory at the University of Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution honoring Vermont television journalist Stewart Ledbetter for his four decades of insightful reporting. Description: House resolution honoring Vermont television journalist Stewart Ledbetter for his four decades of insightful reporting
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution supporting civic education in public schools and recognizing the week of March 11–15 as Civic Learning Week in Vermont. Description: House resolution supporting civic education in public schools and recognizing the week of March 11–15 as Civic Learning Week in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution expressing genuine appreciation and strong support for the work of SerVermont. Description: House resolution expressing genuine appreciation and strong support for the work of SerVermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to the rules of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to the rules of the Senate
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to concurrently conducted electronic committee meetings. Description: Senate resolution relating to concurrently conducted electronic committee meetings
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to electronic participation in Senate Sessions. Description: Senate resolution relating to electronic participation in Senate Sessions
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to inform the Governor of the organization of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to inform the Governor of the organization of the Senate
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to informing the House of the organization of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to informing the House of the organization of the Senate
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to the number of members of the Government Operations Committee. Description: Senate resolution relating to the number of members of the Government Operations Committee
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Vermont Veterans’ Home Trustee Arthur William Charron Jr. of Bennington. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Vermont Veterans’ Home Trustee Arthur William Charron Jr. of Bennington
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to concurrently conducted electronic committee meetings. Description: Senate resolution relating to concurrently conducted electronic committee meetings
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to electronic participation in Senate Sessions. Description: Senate resolution relating to electronic participation in Senate Sessions
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to concurrently conducted electronic committee meetings. Description: Senate resolution relating to concurrently conducted electronic committee meetings
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to electronic participation in Senate Sessions. Description: Senate resolution relating to electronic participation in Senate Sessions
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution honoring the distinguished Executive Branch and legislative public service of Senator Martha Jane Kitchel. Description: Senate resolution honoring the distinguished Executive Branch and legislative public service of Senator Martha Jane Kitchel
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution in memory of Senator and former Bennington Selectboard Chair Richard Sears. Description: Senate resolution in memory of Senator and former Bennington Selectboard Chair Richard Sears
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Green Mountain Girls Field Hockey Club on winning the 2022 National Hockey Festival U-14 Championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Green Mountain Girls Field Hockey Club on winning the 2022 National Hockey Festival U-14 Championship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Dan Yates on being named the 2022 Vermont Community Banker of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Dan Yates on being named the 2022 Vermont Community Banker of the Year
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Warren Fredrick Kitzmiller of Montpelier. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Warren Fredrick Kitzmiller of Montpelier
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Rev. Carl Hilton VanOsdall on the 25th anniversary of his ministry at the First Presbyterian Church of Barre. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Rev. Carl Hilton VanOsdall on the 25th anniversary of his ministry at the First Presbyterian Church of Barre
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Ariana Wunderle on establishing a Guinness World Record for the longest distance walking a tight- rope while wearing high heels. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Ariana Wunderle on establishing a Guinness World Record for the longest distance walking a tight- rope while wearing high heels
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Susan Higby on the 20th anniversary of her outstanding service as Executive Director of Studio Place Arts in Barre. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Susan Higby on the 20th anniversary of her outstanding service as Executive Director of Studio Place Arts in Barre
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Lisa Byer for her outstanding quarter-century association with Catamount Access Television in Bennington. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Lisa Byer for her outstanding quarter-century association with Catamount Access Television in Bennington
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Joseph L. Krawczyk Jr. of Bennington. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Joseph L. Krawczyk Jr. of Bennington
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Mount Anthony Union High School Patriots Division II championship football team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Mount Anthony Union High School Patriots Division II championship football team
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 23–27, 2023 as the first annual Holocaust Education Week in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 23–27, 2023 as the first annual Holocaust Education Week in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Colchester 10-to-12 Little League Softball All-Stars on winning the 2022 Vermont Little League Softball Championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Colchester 10-to-12 Little League Softball All-Stars on winning the 2022 Vermont Little League Softball Championship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Rebecca N. Ballard of Georgia. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Rebecca N. Ballard of Georgia
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Anna E. MacWilliams Neville. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Anna E. MacWilliams Neville
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative and District 4 Act 250 Environmental Commissioner James McNamara of Burlington. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative and District 4 Act 250 Environmental Commissioner James McNamara of Burlington
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution celebrating the importance of mentoring programs for young persons in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution celebrating the importance of mentoring programs for young persons in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Montpelier High School Division II championship boys’ soccer team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Montpelier High School Division II championship boys’ soccer team
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Alexander Collins of Norwich on winning the 2022 Vermont Open chess championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Alexander Collins of Norwich on winning the 2022 Vermont Open chess championship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Robert D. Murray of South Strafford. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Robert D. Murray of South Strafford
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing February 2023 as School Board Recognition Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing February 2023 as School Board Recognition Month in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the organizations and individuals working to resolve Vermont’s rural broadband access crisis. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the organizations and individuals working to resolve Vermont’s rural broadband access crisis
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing July 2023 as Park and Recreation Month in Vermont and designating July 21, 2023 as Vermont Park and Recreation Professionals Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing July 2023 as Park and Recreation Month in Vermont and designating July 21, 2023 as Vermont Park and Recreation Professionals Day in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the importance of mental health treatment in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the importance of mental health treatment in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring teenage Rockingham volunteer firefighter Alex Leonard for his heroism and decisive action. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring teenage Rockingham volunteer firefighter Alex Leonard for his heroism and decisive action
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the critical importance of 3SquaresVT for thousands of Vermonters. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the critical importance of 3SquaresVT for thousands of Vermonters
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Putney Selectboard Vice Chair Joshua Laughlin for his outstanding municipal public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Putney Selectboard Vice Chair Joshua Laughlin for his outstanding municipal public service
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Edwin G. Camp of Derby for his outstanding 58-year career in the Vermont insurance industry. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Edwin G. Camp of Derby for his outstanding 58-year career in the Vermont insurance industry
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Vermont Creative Network for its effective initiatives to develop a thriving creative sector in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Vermont Creative Network for its effective initiatives to develop a thriving creative sector in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont Housing and Conservation Board on its 35th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont Housing and Conservation Board on its 35th anniversary
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating World Learning Inc on its 90th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating World Learning Inc on its 90th anniversary
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Marshall Webb. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Marshall Webb
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Jody Stahlman on winning the 2023 Vermont State Women’s Pinball Championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Jody Stahlman on winning the 2023 Vermont State Women’s Pinball Championship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Raymond and Joyce Ballantine for their enduring community service in the Town of Jamaica. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Raymond and Joyce Ballantine for their enduring community service in the Town of Jamaica
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Montpelier High School Division III championship field hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Montpelier High School Division III championship field hockey team
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Barre Town Manager Carl Rogers for his outstanding municipal public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Barre Town Manager Carl Rogers for his outstanding municipal public service
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Shawna Wakeham-Smith of Shelburne on the tenth anniversary of her leadership as Director of Wish Granting at Make-A-Wish Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Shawna Wakeham-Smith of Shelburne on the tenth anniversary of her leadership as Director of Wish Granting at Make-A-Wish Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Halifax Fire Chief Wayne Courser for his exemplary volunteer leadership and community service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Halifax Fire Chief Wayne Courser for his exemplary volunteer leadership and community service
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship boys’ indoor track team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship boys’ indoor track team
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Waterbury Municipal Manager William Shepeluk in recognition of his extraordinary public service career. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Waterbury Municipal Manager William Shepeluk in recognition of his extraordinary public service career
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Essex High School girls’ volleyball team on winning a second consecutive State championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Essex High School girls’ volleyball team on winning a second consecutive State championship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring South Burlington City Clerk Donna Kinville for her dedicated municipal public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring South Burlington City Clerk Donna Kinville for her dedicated municipal public service
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Laura and Lewis Sumner of Halifax for their exemplary municipal public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Laura and Lewis Sumner of Halifax for their exemplary municipal public service
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Ludlow Selectboard Chair Bruce Schmidt for his distinguished civic leadership. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Ludlow Selectboard Chair Bruce Schmidt for his distinguished civic leadership
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Philip Carter for his exemplary community service in the Town of Ludlow. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Philip Carter for his exemplary community service in the Town of Ludlow
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont medal winners at the 2022 National Senior Games and designating March 15, 2023 as Senior Physical Fitness Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont medal winners at the 2022 National Senior Games and designating March 15, 2023 as Senior Physical Fitness Day at the State House
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Tillie Walden of Norwich on her selection as the fifth Vermont Cartoonist Laureate. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Tillie Walden of Norwich on her selection as the fifth Vermont Cartoonist Laureate
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Rotary International for its continuing good works and congratulating the Burlington, Bellows Falls, Montpelier, St. Johnsbury, and Windsor Rotary Clubs on their centennial. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Rotary International for its continuing good works and congratulating the Burlington, Bellows Falls, Montpelier, St. Johnsbury, and Windsor Rotary Clubs on their centennial
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement on the observance of St. Patrick’s Day 2023. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement on the observance of St. Patrick’s Day 2023
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Westford Elementary School’s robotics teams for their award-winning performances at the FIRST LEGO League State Championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Westford Elementary School’s robotics teams for their award-winning performances at the FIRST LEGO League State Championship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Governor’s Institutes of Vermont on their 40th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Governor’s Institutes of Vermont on their 40th anniversary
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 25th anniversary of the establishment of the Vermont Downtown Program and designating March 22, 2023 as Downtown Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 25th anniversary of the establishment of the Vermont Downtown Program and designating March 22, 2023 as Downtown Day at the State House
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating March 22, 2023 as Vermont Tourism Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating March 22, 2023 as Vermont Tourism Day at the State House
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the week of May 14–20 as National Skilled Nursing Care Week and the week of September 10–16 as National Assisted Living Week in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the week of May 14–20 as National Skilled Nursing Care Week and the week of September 10–16 as National Assisted Living Week in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Bruce Sklar, Harwood Union Middle and High School jazz teacher extraordinaire. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Bruce Sklar, Harwood Union Middle and High School jazz teacher extraordinaire
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Chris Rivers on his transformative career as Harwood Union Middle and High School Music Department Chair. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Chris Rivers on his transformative career as Harwood Union Middle and High School Music Department Chair
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 12–18 as AmeriCorps Week in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 12–18 as AmeriCorps Week in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Mill River Union High School Minutemen Division II championship cheerleading team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Mill River Union High School Minutemen Division II championship cheerleading team
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating April 7, 2023 as Vermont Habitat for Humanity Affiliates Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating April 7, 2023 as Vermont Habitat for Humanity Affiliates Day at the State House
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Spaulding High School Crimson Tide Division I championship girls’ ice hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Spaulding High School Crimson Tide Division I championship girls’ ice hockey team
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 90th anniversary of the establishment of the Civilian Conservation Corps. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 90th anniversary of the establishment of the Civilian Conservation Corps
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the undefeated 2023 Georgia Middle School Chargers girls’ basketball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the undefeated 2023 Georgia Middle School Chargers girls’ basketball team
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the undefeated 2022 Georgia Middle School Chargers girls’ soccer team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the undefeated 2022 Georgia Middle School Chargers girls’ soccer team
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the undefeated 2022–2023 Georgia Middle School Chargers boys’ basketball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the undefeated 2022–2023 Georgia Middle School Chargers boys’ basketball team
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring exemplary Kirby Town Clerk-Treasurer Wanda Grant. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring exemplary Kirby Town Clerk-Treasurer Wanda Grant
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Winooski High School Spartans Division III championship boys’ basketball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Winooski High School Spartans Division III championship boys’ basketball team
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 North Country Union High School Falcons Division II championship girls’ basketball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 North Country Union High School Falcons Division II championship girls’ basketball team
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring outstanding Concord Town Clerk Cynthia Gaboriault. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring outstanding Concord Town Clerk Cynthia Gaboriault
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 2023 as Social Work Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 2023 as Social Work Month in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former President James Earl Carter as a tireless international humanitarian and public servant. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former President James Earl Carter as a tireless international humanitarian and public servant
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Heidi Baitz for her outstanding contribution to public education in the Town of Ludlow. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Heidi Baitz for her outstanding contribution to public education in the Town of Ludlow
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the economic significance of Benefit Corporations in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the economic significance of Benefit Corporations in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Boys & Girls Clubs of Vermont’s 2023 Youth of the Year honorees. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Boys & Girls Clubs of Vermont’s 2023 Youth of the Year honorees
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the West Rutland High School Golden Horde girls’ basketball team on winning a second consecutive Division IV championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the West Rutland High School Golden Horde girls’ basketball team on winning a second consecutive Division IV championship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating former Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots’ basketball coach Dave Fredrickson on his induction into the Vermont Sports Hall of Fame. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating former Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots’ basketball coach Dave Fredrickson on his induction into the Vermont Sports Hall of Fame
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots on winning a second consecutive Division I boys Nordic skiing championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots on winning a second consecutive Division I boys Nordic skiing championship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating April 6, 2023 as Alzheimer’s Awareness Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating April 6, 2023 as Alzheimer’s Awareness Day at the State House
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots on winning their 34th consecutive State wrestling championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots on winning their 34th consecutive State wrestling championship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the bicentennial of the establishment of Concord Academy. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the bicentennial of the establishment of Concord Academy
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 5, 2023 as Start by Believing Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 5, 2023 as Start by Believing Day in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Cersosimo Industries Inc. on its 75th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Cersosimo Industries Inc. on its 75th anniversary
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating April 4, 2023 as Youth and Young Adult Mental Health Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating April 4, 2023 as Youth and Young Adult Mental Health Day in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers boys’ cross-country team on winning a second consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers boys’ cross-country team on winning a second consecutive Division I championship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers Division I boys’ championship indoor track and field team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers Division I boys’ championship indoor track and field team
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Burlington High School Seahorses girls’ Nordic skiing team on winning a third consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Burlington High School Seahorses girls’ Nordic skiing team on winning a third consecutive Division I championship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Sophia R. Boyle Hall on being named the recipient of the 2022 State and national school nursing awards. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Sophia R. Boyle Hall on being named the recipient of the 2022 State and national school nursing awards
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating April 18, 2023 as USS VERMONT Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating April 18, 2023 as USS VERMONT Day in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Mikaela Shiffrin on her exceptional and historic 2022–2023 world record-setting accomplishments in World Cup Alpine ski racing. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Mikaela Shiffrin on her exceptional and historic 2022–2023 world record-setting accomplishments in World Cup Alpine ski racing
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the week of April 16–22 as Volunteer Week in Vermont and celebrating Vermont’s volunteers. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the week of April 16–22 as Volunteer Week in Vermont and celebrating Vermont’s volunteers
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the winning teams of the 2023 15th Jr Iron Chef VT competition. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the winning teams of the 2023 15th Jr Iron Chef VT competition
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020, 2021, and 2022 winners of the Spirit of the ADA Award. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020, 2021, and 2022 winners of the Spirit of the ADA Award
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the River Valley Technical Center culinary and management teams on winning the Vermont championship at the 2023 NYSRAEF ProStart Invitational. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the River Valley Technical Center culinary and management teams on winning the Vermont championship at the 2023 NYSRAEF ProStart Invitational
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Vergennes Fire Chief James M. Breur. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Vergennes Fire Chief James M. Breur
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2023 as Donate Life Awareness Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2023 as Donate Life Awareness Month in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the National Wild Turkey Federation on its 50th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the National Wild Turkey Federation on its 50th anniversary
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Green Mountain Council Class of Eagle Scouts and the recipient of the Summit Award. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Green Mountain Council Class of Eagle Scouts and the recipient of the Summit Award
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating The Wilson House on its 35th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating The Wilson House on its 35th anniversary
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Boy Scout Troop 1 in Barre on becoming the official descendant of America’s first Boy Scout troop. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Boy Scout Troop 1 in Barre on becoming the official descendant of America’s first Boy Scout troop
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Vermont finalists for the Presidential Awards for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Vermont finalists for the Presidential Awards for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing July 2023 as Self-Care Awareness Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing July 2023 as Self-Care Awareness Month in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 2023 as Older Americans Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 2023 as Older Americans Month in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring spouses Eugene Uman and Elsa Borrero on their quarter century of leadership at the Vermont Jazz Center and for their individual artistic and educational contributions. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring spouses Eugene Uman and Elsa Borrero on their quarter century of leadership at the Vermont Jazz Center and for their individual artistic and educational contributions
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the bicentennial of the Old West Church in Calais. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the bicentennial of the Old West Church in Calais
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Vermont Principal of the Year, Christopher Young. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Vermont Principal of the Year, Christopher Young
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Albert D. Corey of St. Albans. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Albert D. Corey of St. Albans
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 U-32 Raiders Division II championship boys’ ice hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 U-32 Raiders Division II championship boys’ ice hockey team
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 2023 as National Foster Care Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 2023 as National Foster Care Month in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the 83 years of outstanding Paquette family agricultural entrepreneurship. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the 83 years of outstanding Paquette family agricultural entrepreneurship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Milton Theater Company of Milton High School on an award-winning 2022–2023 season. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Milton Theater Company of Milton High School on an award-winning 2022–2023 season
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont-associated 2023 International Ski and Snowboard Federation World Championship medalists. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont-associated 2023 International Ski and Snowboard Federation World Championship medalists
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Bennington Rescue Squad on its 60th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Bennington Rescue Squad on its 60th anniversary
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Bennington Rural Fire Department on its 70th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Bennington Rural Fire Department on its 70th anniversary
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Brookfield Fire Captain and Vermont Cartoonist Laureate Edward Benjamin Koren. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Brookfield Fire Captain and Vermont Cartoonist Laureate Edward Benjamin Koren
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating 2023 Peacemaker Award winners Liz Brown and Mia Fowler. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating 2023 Peacemaker Award winners Liz Brown and Mia Fowler
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Karen Horn of Moretown for her exemplary leadership representing and strengthening local government in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Karen Horn of Moretown for her exemplary leadership representing and strengthening local government in Vermont
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the University of Vermont Catamounts women’s basketball team on winning the 2023 America East Conference championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the University of Vermont Catamounts women’s basketball team on winning the 2023 America East Conference championship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the youth division snowboarders and skiers who represented Vermont with distinction at the 2023 United States of America Snowboard and Freeski Association National Championships. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the youth division snowboarders and skiers who represented Vermont with distinction at the 2023 United States of America Snowboard and Freeski Association National Championships
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the University of Vermont Catamounts men’s basketball team on winning the 2023 America East Conference championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the University of Vermont Catamounts men’s basketball team on winning the 2023 America East Conference championship
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Northfield Junior Rifle team on completing a memorable and successful 2022–2023 competitive season. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Northfield Junior Rifle team on completing a memorable and successful 2022–2023 competitive season
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers Science Olympiad team on its multi-medal-winning achievements. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers Science Olympiad team on its multi-medal-winning achievements
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Thetford Town Clerk and Treasurer Tracy Borst as the first Vermont and New England recipient of the International Institute of Municipal Clerks’ Institute Directors Award of Excellence. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Thetford Town Clerk and Treasurer Tracy Borst as the first Vermont and New England recipient of the International Institute of Municipal Clerks’ Institute Directors Award of Excellence
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Burlington High School Seahorses championship Vermont-NEA Scholars’ Bowl team and wishing the students every success in their forthcoming national competitions. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Burlington High School Seahorses championship Vermont-NEA Scholars’ Bowl team and wishing the students every success in their forthcoming national competitions
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of University of Vermont Professor Emeritus Samuel B. Feitelberg of Shelburne. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of University of Vermont Professor Emeritus Samuel B. Feitelberg of Shelburne
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring William Boyd Davies for more than four decades of insightfully moderating the Northeast Kingdom Legislative Breakfast Series in Newport. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring William Boyd Davies for more than four decades of insightfully moderating the Northeast Kingdom Legislative Breakfast Series in Newport
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating St. Peter Roman Catholic Church of Rutland on the 150th anniversary of the construction of its home. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating St. Peter Roman Catholic Church of Rutland on the 150th anniversary of the construction of its home
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 2023 as Jewish American Heritage Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 2023 as Jewish American Heritage Month in Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to 2021 technical corrections. Description: An act relating to 2021 technical corrections
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of clinical psychologist and social justice activist Dr. Ann Ellis Raynolds of Pomfret. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of clinical psychologist and social justice activist Dr. Ann Ellis Raynolds of Pomfret
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing May as Mental Health Awareness Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing May as Mental Health Awareness Month in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Vermont National Guard Deputy Adjutant General Kenneth Gragg for his exemplary career accomplishments. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Vermont National Guard Deputy Adjutant General Kenneth Gragg for his exemplary career accomplishments
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating September 26, 2024 as Mesothelioma Awareness Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating September 26, 2024 as Mesothelioma Awareness Day in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Richard DeGray for his dedication to the botanical beautification of Brattleboro. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Richard DeGray for his dedication to the botanical beautification of Brattleboro
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Division I Colchester High School Lakers championship girls’ soccer team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Division I Colchester High School Lakers championship girls’ soccer team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Georgia Elementary and Middle School Chargers seventh- and eighth-grade girls’ softball team on its exciting, undefeated season. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Georgia Elementary and Middle School Chargers seventh- and eighth-grade girls’ softball team on its exciting, undefeated season
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Thetford Academy Panthers’ Division III baseball championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Thetford Academy Panthers’ Division III baseball championship team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of youth mental health care leader Margaret Atkins Reilly Gannaway. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of youth mental health care leader Margaret Atkins Reilly Gannaway
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Milton High School Division II Yellowjackets on winning the school’s 17th girls’ soccer state championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Milton High School Division II Yellowjackets on winning the school’s 17th girls’ soccer state championship
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing February 2024 as School Board Recognition Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing February 2024 as School Board Recognition Month in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Georgia Elementary and Middle School Chargers seventh- and eighth-grade girls’ soccer team on completing an outstanding, undefeated season. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Georgia Elementary and Middle School Chargers seventh- and eighth-grade girls’ soccer team on completing an outstanding, undefeated season
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the centennial of the Vermont State Parks. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the centennial of the Vermont State Parks
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the bicentennial of Mt. Anthony Masonic Lodge No. 13. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the bicentennial of Mt. Anthony Masonic Lodge No. 13
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative John C. Candon of Norwich. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative John C. Candon of Norwich
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Director of Elections and Campaign Finance Will Senning for his superb public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Director of Elections and Campaign Finance Will Senning for his superb public service
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing January 27, 2024 as International Holocaust Remembrance Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing January 27, 2024 as International Holocaust Remembrance Day in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Lena Delores Baker on her 100th birthday. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Lena Delores Baker on her 100th birthday
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 31, 2024 as Mental Health Advocacy Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 31, 2024 as Mental Health Advocacy Day at the State House
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating February 8, 2024 as Farm to School and Farm to Early Childhood Awareness Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating February 8, 2024 as Farm to School and Farm to Early Childhood Awareness Day at the State House
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Harwood Union High School championship bass fishing team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Harwood Union High School championship bass fishing team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Harwood Union High School Division II boys’ championship soccer team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Harwood Union High School Division II boys’ championship soccer team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the organizations and individuals working to resolve Vermont’s rural broadband access crisis through communications union districts. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the organizations and individuals working to resolve Vermont’s rural broadband access crisis through communications union districts
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing February 14, 2024 as Recovery Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing February 14, 2024 as Recovery Day at the State House
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating February 16, 2024 as Outdoor Recreation Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating February 16, 2024 as Outdoor Recreation Day at the State House
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Dr. David Winfield Butsch for a half century of meritorious medical, civic, and humanitarian leadership in Central Vermont and internationally. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Dr. David Winfield Butsch for a half century of meritorious medical, civic, and humanitarian leadership in Central Vermont and internationally
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the fifth anniversary of the death of Jenna Tatro and honoring the work of Jenna’s Promise. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the fifth anniversary of the death of Jenna Tatro and honoring the work of Jenna’s Promise
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 13, 2024 as National K9 Veterans Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 13, 2024 as National K9 Veterans Day in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating Molly Davies’s transfer of 350 acres of land in the Town of Wheelock to the Nulhegan Band of the Coosuk Abenaki Nation. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating Molly Davies’s transfer of 350 acres of land in the Town of Wheelock to the Nulhegan Band of the Coosuk Abenaki Nation
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Johnson Selectboard Chair Beth Foy for her public service as an outstanding municipal legislative leader. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Johnson Selectboard Chair Beth Foy for her public service as an outstanding municipal legislative leader
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Richard Angus Cawley for his devoted public service in the Town of Corinth. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Richard Angus Cawley for his devoted public service in the Town of Corinth
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Harry Roush for his four-plus decades of exceptional municipal public service in the Town of Washington. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Harry Roush for his four-plus decades of exceptional municipal public service in the Town of Washington
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Boyd Family Farm in Wilmington on the centennial of its current agricultural home. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Boyd Family Farm in Wilmington on the centennial of its current agricultural home
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating February 22, 2024 as Age Strong Vermont Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating February 22, 2024 as Age Strong Vermont Day at the State House
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont State Employees’ Association on its 80th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont State Employees’ Association on its 80th anniversary
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of veteran Pownal firefighter Kenneth Carlton O’Dell. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of veteran Pownal firefighter Kenneth Carlton O’Dell
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Newport City Council Chair John Wilson for his national and municipal public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Newport City Council Chair John Wilson for his national and municipal public service
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Sergeant at Arms Janet Miller for her stellar public service for the General Assembly. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Sergeant at Arms Janet Miller for her stellar public service for the General Assembly
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing Public Schools Week in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing Public Schools Week in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2024 as the Month of the Military Child in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2024 as the Month of the Military Child in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Essex High School Hornets Division I championship boys’ indoor track and field team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Essex High School Hornets Division I championship boys’ indoor track and field team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Essex High School Hornets girls’ volleyball team on winning its third consecutive State championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Essex High School Hornets girls’ volleyball team on winning its third consecutive State championship
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the centennial of U.S. Navy Torpedoman 2nd Class Henry Breault’s becoming the first submariner to receive the Medal of Honor. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the centennial of U.S. Navy Torpedoman 2nd Class Henry Breault’s becoming the first submariner to receive the Medal of Honor
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the artistic legacy of Skip Morrow and The Art of Humor Gallery in Wilmington. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the artistic legacy of Skip Morrow and The Art of Humor Gallery in Wilmington
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Norwich University Athletic Hall of Fame member Harold Martin, in celebration of Black History Month. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Norwich University Athletic Hall of Fame member Harold Martin, in celebration of Black History Month
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Putney Fire Chief Thomas Goddard for his exemplary achievements as a municipal public safety official. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Putney Fire Chief Thomas Goddard for his exemplary achievements as a municipal public safety official
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Green Mountain Council Class of Eagle Scouts. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Green Mountain Council Class of Eagle Scouts
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Goodridge Lumber Inc. of Albany on its 50th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Goodridge Lumber Inc. of Albany on its 50th anniversary
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Castleton State College Dean of Education Honoree Fleming. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Castleton State College Dean of Education Honoree Fleming
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Spirit of the ADA Award winners. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Spirit of the ADA Award winners
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of jazz aficionado Reuben Jackson. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of jazz aficionado Reuben Jackson
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Kristi Lefebvre Huizenga of Colchester on her 2024 induction into the Vermont Sports Hall of Fame. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Kristi Lefebvre Huizenga of Colchester on her 2024 induction into the Vermont Sports Hall of Fame
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing March as Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing March as Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont place winners at the 2023 National Senior Games and designating March 21, 2024 as Vermont Senior Games Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont place winners at the 2023 National Senior Games and designating March 21, 2024 as Vermont Senior Games Day at the State House
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing July 2024 as Park and Recreation Month in Vermont and designating July 19, 2024 as Vermont Park and Recreation Professionals Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing July 2024 as Park and Recreation Month in Vermont and designating July 19, 2024 as Vermont Park and Recreation Professionals Day in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing June 24, 2024 as Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing June 24, 2024 as Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Fair Haven Union High School Slaters Division II championship girls’ basketball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Fair Haven Union High School Slaters Division II championship girls’ basketball team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating March 28, 2024 as Alzheimer’s Awareness Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating March 28, 2024 as Alzheimer’s Awareness Day at the State House
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Desorcie family on 60 years of wonderful and continuous family ownership of Desorcie’s Market in Highgate Center. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Desorcie family on 60 years of wonderful and continuous family ownership of Desorcie’s Market in Highgate Center
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Thetford Academy Panthers Division III championship boys’ basketball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Thetford Academy Panthers Division III championship boys’ basketball team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution celebrating the centennial of diplomatic relations between the Republic of Ireland and the United States and the continuing enthusiastic and warm friendship between the two nations. Description: House concurrent resolution celebrating the centennial of diplomatic relations between the Republic of Ireland and the United States and the continuing enthusiastic and warm friendship between the two nations
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots wrestling team on winning the school’s 35th consecutive State championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots wrestling team on winning the school’s 35th consecutive State championship
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Milton High School junior Olivia Thomas on her individual track and field achievements. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Milton High School junior Olivia Thomas on her individual track and field achievements
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 2024 as National Senior Nutrition Program Month in Vermont and celebrating over a half century of the federal Senior Nutrition Program. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 2024 as National Senior Nutrition Program Month in Vermont and celebrating over a half century of the federal Senior Nutrition Program
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating March 26, 2024 as Robert Frost Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating March 26, 2024 as Robert Frost Day in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 25, 2024 as National Medal of Honor Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 25, 2024 as National Medal of Honor Day in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Trey Lee on his achievements as a Fair Haven Union High School wrestler. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Trey Lee on his achievements as a Fair Haven Union High School wrestler
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Steve Mason for his dedicated and superb leadership of the Lowell School Board and the North Country Supervisory Union Board. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Steve Mason for his dedicated and superb leadership of the Lowell School Board and the North Country Supervisory Union Board
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Rutland City Police Officer Jessica Marie Ebbighausen of Ira. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Rutland City Police Officer Jessica Marie Ebbighausen of Ira
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 5, 2024 as Civilian Conservation Corps Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 5, 2024 as Civilian Conservation Corps Day in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Robert Bick for his remarkable three decades of leadership at the Howard Center. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Robert Bick for his remarkable three decades of leadership at the Howard Center
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating April 3, 2024 as Prevention Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating April 3, 2024 as Prevention Day in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating April 18, 2024 as USS VERMONT (SSN 792) Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating April 18, 2024 as USS VERMONT (SSN 792) Day in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Boys & Girls Clubs of Vermont’s 2024 Youth of the Year honorees and designating April 4, 2024 as Boys & Girls Club Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Boys & Girls Clubs of Vermont’s 2024 Youth of the Year honorees and designating April 4, 2024 as Boys & Girls Club Day at the State House
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating Vermont’s historic April 8, 2024 total solar eclipse. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating Vermont’s historic April 8, 2024 total solar eclipse
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Cindy Scott’s third-grade class at Twinfield Union School for establishing a special friendship with the young patients at St. Nicholas Pediatric Hospital-UNBROKEN KIDS Rehabilitation Center in Lviv, Ukraine. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Cindy Scott’s third-grade class at Twinfield Union School for establishing a special friendship with the young patients at St. Nicholas Pediatric Hospital-UNBROKEN KIDS Rehabilitation Center in Lviv, Ukraine
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Esta Broutsas Smith of Brattleboro on her centennial birthday. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Esta Broutsas Smith of Brattleboro on her centennial birthday
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating former Representative and Unadilla Theater impresario William Blachly of Calais on his 100th birthday. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating former Representative and Unadilla Theater impresario William Blachly of Calais on his 100th birthday
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Jaden Coppins of Colchester on her individual title victory at the inaugural New England girls’ wrestling championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Jaden Coppins of Colchester on her individual title victory at the inaugural New England girls’ wrestling championship
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Catamount Trail. Description: House concurrent resolution celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Catamount Trail
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the professional achievements of child and victim advocate Sally Borden. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the professional achievements of child and victim advocate Sally Borden
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 5–11, 2024 as National Correctional Officers and Employees Week in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 5–11, 2024 as National Correctional Officers and Employees Week in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Allard Lumber Company of Brattleboro on its 50th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Allard Lumber Company of Brattleboro on its 50th anniversary
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Northfield Elementary School physical education instructor Michael Gonneville for his teaching excellence and for the establishment of the school’s Walking Wednesdays. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Northfield Elementary School physical education instructor Michael Gonneville for his teaching excellence and for the establishment of the school’s Walking Wednesdays
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Grace Christian Lions Division IV championship boys’ basketball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Grace Christian Lions Division IV championship boys’ basketball team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating April 11, 2024 as Tourism Economy Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating April 11, 2024 as Tourism Economy Day at the State House
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Burlington-Colchester Division I championship SeaLakers girls’ ice hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Burlington-Colchester Division I championship SeaLakers girls’ ice hockey team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont Housing Finance Agency on its 50th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont Housing Finance Agency on its 50th anniversary
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship boys’ ice hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship boys’ ice hockey team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship girls’ ice hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship girls’ ice hockey team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the winning school teams of the 2024 Jr Iron Chef VT competition. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the winning school teams of the 2024 Jr Iron Chef VT competition
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 18, 2024 as Electric Utility Lineworker Appreciation Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 18, 2024 as Electric Utility Lineworker Appreciation Day in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Washington Electric Cooperative on its 85th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Washington Electric Cooperative on its 85th anniversary
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 2024 as National Foster Care Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 2024 as National Foster Care Month in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 North Country Union High School Falcons Division II championship football team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 North Country Union High School Falcons Division II championship football team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating North Country Union High School Principal Christopher Young on being named the National Association of Secondary School Principals 2024 Advocacy Champion of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating North Country Union High School Principal Christopher Young on being named the National Association of Secondary School Principals 2024 Advocacy Champion of the Year
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Timothy Yeatman Hayward. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Timothy Yeatman Hayward
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the academic and administrative leadership of former Kingdom East School District Superintendent Jennifer Botzojorns. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the academic and administrative leadership of former Kingdom East School District Superintendent Jennifer Botzojorns
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship field hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship field hockey team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship boys’ golf team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2023 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship boys’ golf team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship boys’ indoor track and field team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship boys’ indoor track and field team
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 West Rutland High School Golden Horde girls’ basketball team on winning the school’s third consecutive Division IV championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 West Rutland High School Golden Horde girls’ basketball team on winning the school’s third consecutive Division IV championship
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the dedication and leadership of Martha Canfield Memorial Free Library Director Phyllis Skidmore. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the dedication and leadership of Martha Canfield Memorial Free Library Director Phyllis Skidmore
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Weathersfield Fire Chief Darrin Spaulding. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Weathersfield Fire Chief Darrin Spaulding
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution celebrating the 50th anniversary of the National Conference of State Legislatures. Description: House concurrent resolution celebrating the 50th anniversary of the National Conference of State Legislatures
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Woodford SnoBusters snowmobile club on its 40th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Woodford SnoBusters snowmobile club on its 40th anniversary
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Charles Marshall Goodwin IV of Weston. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Charles Marshall Goodwin IV of Weston
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Phyllis Gigante of Brattleboro. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Phyllis Gigante of Brattleboro
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Winhall Town Treasurer Kathryn Louise Coleman. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Winhall Town Treasurer Kathryn Louise Coleman
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Kevin J. Goodhue on his nearly half century of remarkable public service and future-oriented leadership at the Bennington Rural Fire Department. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Kevin J. Goodhue on his nearly half century of remarkable public service and future-oriented leadership at the Bennington Rural Fire Department
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the youngsters who represented Vermont and earned an individual championship at the 2024 Elks National Hoop Shoot’s New England regional tournament. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the youngsters who represented Vermont and earned an individual championship at the 2024 Elks National Hoop Shoot’s New England regional tournament
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the month of May 2024 as Asian/ Pacific American Heritage Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the month of May 2024 as Asian/ Pacific American Heritage Month in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Vermont finalists for the Presidential Awards for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2024 Vermont finalists for the Presidential Awards for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Aziza Malik on being named the 2024 Vermont Teacher of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Aziza Malik on being named the 2024 Vermont Teacher of the Year
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the drama students and theater department of U-32 High School on earning a berth at the 2024 New England Theatre Festival. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the drama students and theater department of U-32 High School on earning a berth at the 2024 New England Theatre Festival
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Charlotte Selectboard Member and former Public Service Board Chair and Department of Public Service Commissioner Louise McCarren. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Charlotte Selectboard Member and former Public Service Board Chair and Department of Public Service Commissioner Louise McCarren
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Alexander and Marilyn Mahar and recognizing the couple’s special community legacy to the Town of Bennington. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Alexander and Marilyn Mahar and recognizing the couple’s special community legacy to the Town of Bennington
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the drama students and theater department of Bellows Free Academy-St. Albans on earning a berth at the 2024 New England Theatre Festival. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the drama students and theater department of Bellows Free Academy-St. Albans on earning a berth at the 2024 New England Theatre Festival
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Mary Anderson on being named the 2024–2025 Vermont Elementary School Principal of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Mary Anderson on being named the 2024–2025 Vermont Elementary School Principal of the Year
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Grace Cottage Family Health & Hospital on its 75th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Grace Cottage Family Health & Hospital on its 75th anniversary
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Norman Paul Bartlett of Putney. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Norman Paul Bartlett of Putney
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Shaftsbury First Assistant Fire Chief Michael Taylor on being named the 2024 Shaftsbury Ordinary Hero Award winner. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Shaftsbury First Assistant Fire Chief Michael Taylor on being named the 2024 Shaftsbury Ordinary Hero Award winner
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 6–12, 2024 as National Nurses Week in Vermont and designating May 9, 2024 as ANA-Vermont Hill Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 6–12, 2024 as National Nurses Week in Vermont and designating May 9, 2024 as ANA-Vermont Hill Day at the State House
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the importance of public awareness of tardive dyskinesia. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the importance of public awareness of tardive dyskinesia
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing June 2024 as National Scoliosis Awareness Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing June 2024 as National Scoliosis Awareness Month in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the JK Adams Co. of Dorset on its 80th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the JK Adams Co. of Dorset on its 80th anniversary
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Washington County Mental Health Services Executive Director and former Commissioner of the Department of Mental Health Mary Moulton of Moretown on her extraordinary leadership. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Washington County Mental Health Services Executive Director and former Commissioner of the Department of Mental Health Mary Moulton of Moretown on her extraordinary leadership
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Michele Burgess for her 47-plus years of outstanding and supportive service at the Vermont Veterans’ Home. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Michele Burgess for her 47-plus years of outstanding and supportive service at the Vermont Veterans’ Home
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Barbara Reilly for her more than four decades of dedicated public service at the Vermont Veterans’ Home. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Barbara Reilly for her more than four decades of dedicated public service at the Vermont Veterans’ Home
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Theresa Snow for her leadership in the promotion of agricultural gleaning in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Theresa Snow for her leadership in the promotion of agricultural gleaning in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 2024 as Mental Health Awareness Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 2024 as Mental Health Awareness Month in Vermont
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Michelle Carter of Barre City on the 30th anniversary of her dedicated service as a Vermont Legal Aid Long-Term Care Ombudsman. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Michelle Carter of Barre City on the 30th anniversary of her dedicated service as a Vermont Legal Aid Long-Term Care Ombudsman
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Lynda Hill for her enthusiastic and beneficial community service in the Town of Johnson. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Lynda Hill for her enthusiastic and beneficial community service in the Town of Johnson
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Tuskegee Airmen of World War II. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Tuskegee Airmen of World War II
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Steven D. Marshall of Swanton for his exemplary service as the Assistant Secretary of the Senate. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Steven D. Marshall of Swanton for his exemplary service as the Assistant Secretary of the Senate
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Helen Estroff of Montpelier for her outstanding public service in the executive branch, and as the Calendar Clerk of the Vermont Senate. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Helen Estroff of Montpelier for her outstanding public service in the executive branch, and as the Calendar Clerk of the Vermont Senate
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring James Sullivan for his exemplary leadership at the Bennington County Regional Commission. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring James Sullivan for his exemplary leadership at the Bennington County Regional Commission
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Barry Bernstein of Calais for his innovative leadership as president of the Washington Electric Cooperative Inc.. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Barry Bernstein of Calais for his innovative leadership as president of the Washington Electric Cooperative Inc.
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Castleton Town Mechanic Robert B. Ward for his outstanding 24-year municipal public service career. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Castleton Town Mechanic Robert B. Ward for his outstanding 24-year municipal public service career
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Vanessa Davison for her extraordinary dedication as a staff member of the General Assembly. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Vanessa Davison for her extraordinary dedication as a staff member of the General Assembly
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Stephanie Barrett for more than a quarter-century of public service excellence as a member of the Joint Fiscal Office staff. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Stephanie Barrett for more than a quarter-century of public service excellence as a member of the Joint Fiscal Office staff
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring those who assumed summer 2023 flood recovery leadership roles in Montpelier and Barre City. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring those who assumed summer 2023 flood recovery leadership roles in Montpelier and Barre City
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution commemorating the 175th anniversary of the chartering of the National Life Insurance Company. Description: Senate concurrent resolution commemorating the 175th anniversary of the chartering of the National Life Insurance Company
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Waterville Town Clerk and Treasurer Nancy LaRose for her exemplary municipal public service. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Waterville Town Clerk and Treasurer Nancy LaRose for her exemplary municipal public service
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Bag Balm on the company’s 125th anniversary. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Bag Balm on the company’s 125th anniversary
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the educator, baker, peace activist, and writer Jules Rabin of Marshfield on his 100th birthday. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the educator, baker, peace activist, and writer Jules Rabin of Marshfield on his 100th birthday
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Alice Whiting of Johnson on her 90th birthday. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Alice Whiting of Johnson on her 90th birthday
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution commemorating the centennial of the Burlington Country Club. Description: Senate concurrent resolution commemorating the centennial of the Burlington Country Club
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring the dental career achievements, humanitarianism, and community service of Dr. David Baasch of Wallingford. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring the dental career achievements, humanitarianism, and community service of Dr. David Baasch of Wallingford
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Senator Richard McCormack for his dedicated legislative service in the Vermont Senate. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Senator Richard McCormack for his dedicated legislative service in the Vermont Senate
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring the nearly four decades of conscientious legislative service of former Vermont Senate Dean Richard T. Mazza of Colchester. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring the nearly four decades of conscientious legislative service of former Vermont Senate Dean Richard T. Mazza of Colchester
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Senator Robert A. Starr of Orleans District for his decades of distinguished public service. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Senator Robert A. Starr of Orleans District for his decades of distinguished public service
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Sue Allen for her exemplary career in journalism, government, politics, and the nonprofit sector. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Sue Allen for her exemplary career in journalism, government, politics, and the nonprofit sector
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Boys State educational program to use the State House facilities on June 29, 2023. Description: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Boys State educational program to use the State House facilities on June 29, 2023
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution recognizing March 31, 2023 as Transgender Day of Visibility in Vermont, expressing support for the transgender rights of all Vermonters, and opposing legislation restricting the rights of transgender Vermonters regardless of their age. Description: Joint resolution recognizing March 31, 2023 as Transgender Day of Visibility in Vermont, expressing support for the transgender rights of all Vermonters, and opposing legislation restricting the rights of transgender Vermonters regardless of their age
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Girls State educational program to use the facilities of the State House on a mutually agreed upon day and for a designated time span during the week of June 18, 2023. Description: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Girls State educational program to use the facilities of the State House on a mutually agreed upon day and for a designated time span during the week of June 18, 2023
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing limited remote joint committee voting through the first Friday of the 2024 Adjourned Session. Description: Joint resolution authorizing limited remote joint committee voting through the first Friday of the 2024 Adjourned Session
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing limited remote joint committee voting through the remainder of calendar year 2024. Description: Joint resolution authorizing limited remote joint committee voting through the remainder of calendar year 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution providing for an election to fill a vacancy in the Office of Sergeant at Arms. Description: Joint resolution providing for an election to fill a vacancy in the Office of Sergeant at Arms
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Boys State educational program to use the State House facilities on June 27, 2024. Description: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Boys State educational program to use the State House facilities on June 27, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Girls State educational program to use the State House facilities on June 27, 2024. Description: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Girls State educational program to use the State House facilities on June 27, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment of the General Assembly in 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment of the General Assembly in 2024
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to joint rules. Description: Joint resolution relating to joint rules
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the report of the committee appointed to canvass votes for state officers. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the report of the committee appointed to canvass votes for state officers
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the inaugural message of the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the inaugural message of the Governor
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution providing for the election of a Sergeant at Arms, and three Trustees of the University of Vermont and State Agricultural College. Description: Joint resolution providing for the election of a Sergeant at Arms, and three Trustees of the University of Vermont and State Agricultural College
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution establishing a procedure for the conduct of the election of the University of Vermont and State Agricultural College trustees by plurality vote by the General Assembly in 2023. Description: Joint resolution establishing a procedure for the conduct of the election of the University of Vermont and State Agricultural College trustees by plurality vote by the General Assembly in 2023
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of a Chief Justice and four Associate Justices of the Supreme Court and eight Superior Court Judges. Description: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of a Chief Justice and four Associate Justices of the Supreme Court and eight Superior Court Judges
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution urging U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to comply with the expedited asylum hearing provisions of the Afghan Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2022. Description: Joint resolution urging U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to comply with the expedited asylum hearing provisions of the Afghan Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2022
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to State lands transactions in Jamaica State Park and Coolidge State Forest. Description: Joint resolution relating to State lands transactions in Jamaica State Park and Coolidge State Forest
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to adjournment
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to compensation of Members of the General Assembly during the remainder of the 2023 Biennial Session. Description: Joint resolution relating to compensation of Members of the General Assembly during the remainder of the 2023 Biennial Session
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to adjournment of the 2023 Biennial Session of the General Assembly. Description: Joint resolution relating to adjournment of the 2023 Biennial Session of the General Assembly
In 2023, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to compensation of House Managers of Articles of Impeachment. Description: Joint resolution relating to compensation of House Managers of Articles of Impeachment
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the State-of-the-State message from the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the State-of-the-State message from the Governor
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on January 12, 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on January 12, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on January 19, 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on January 19, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly for the election of an Adjutant and Inspector General, and two legislative Trustees of the Vermont State Colleges Corporation. Description: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly for the election of an Adjutant and Inspector General, and two legislative Trustees of the Vermont State Colleges Corporation
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution establishing a procedure for the conduct of the election of two legislative trustees of the Vermont State Colleges Corporation by plurality vote by the General Assembly in 2024. Description: Joint resolution establishing a procedure for the conduct of the election of two legislative trustees of the Vermont State Colleges Corporation by plurality vote by the General Assembly in 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on January 26, 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on January 26, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on February 2, 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on February 2, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution regarding weekend adjournment on February 9, 2024. Description: Joint resolution regarding weekend adjournment on February 9, 2024
In 2024, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: Joint resolution declaring the increasing number of drug overdose deaths in Vermont to be a public health emergency. Description: Joint resolution declaring the increasing number of drug overdose deaths in Vermont to be a public health emergency
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on February 16, 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on February 16, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution regarding weekend adjournment on February 23, 2024. Description: Joint resolution regarding weekend adjournment on February 23, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of two Superior Judges and one Magistrate. Description: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of two Superior Judges and one Magistrate
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on March 15, 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on March 15, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on March 22, 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on March 22, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on March 29, 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on March 29, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on April 5, 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on April 5, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on April 12, 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on April 12, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on April 19, 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on April 19, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on April 26, 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on April 26, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on May 3, 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment on May 3, 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment of the General Assembly 2024. Description: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment of the General Assembly 2024
In 2024, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to compensation of Members of the General Assembly during the remainder of the 2024 Adjourned Session.. Description: Joint resolution relating to compensation of Members of the General Assembly during the remainder of the 2024 Adjourned Session.
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to permitted candidate expenditures. Description: An act relating to permitted candidate expenditures
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to sexual exploitation of children and limited immunity from liability for a person reporting a crime.. Description: An act relating to sexual exploitation of children and limited immunity from liability for a person reporting a crime.
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to pretrial risk assessments and pretrial services. Description: An act relating to pretrial risk assessments and pretrial services
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous provisions of mental health law. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous provisions of mental health law
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to authorizing alternative procedures for 2021 annual municipal meetings in response to COVID-19. Description: An act relating to authorizing alternative procedures for 2021 annual municipal meetings in response to COVID-19
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to making miscellaneous changes concerning self-storage businesses. Description: An act relating to making miscellaneous changes concerning self-storage businesses
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to statewide public school employee health benefits. Description: An act relating to statewide public school employee health benefits
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to establishing a classification system for criminal offenses. Description: An act relating to establishing a classification system for criminal offenses
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the use value appraisal program.. Description: An act relating to the use value appraisal program.
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to limiting liability for agritourism. Description: An act relating to limiting liability for agritourism
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to creating the Truth and Reconciliation Commission. Description: An act relating to creating the Truth and Reconciliation Commission
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the implementation of 2018 Acts and Resolves No. 173 by providing grant funding to build systems-driven, sustainable literacy support for all students with measurable outcomes. Description: An act relating to the implementation of 2018 Acts and Resolves No. 173 by providing grant funding to build systems-driven, sustainable literacy support for all students with measurable outcomes
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to considerations in facilitating the interstate practice of health care professionals using telehealth. Description: An act relating to considerations in facilitating the interstate practice of health care professionals using telehealth
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to equitable access to a high-quality education through community schools. Description: An act relating to equitable access to a high-quality education through community schools
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Vermont standards for issuing a Clean Water Act sectionÂ 401 certification. Description: An act relating to Vermont standards for issuing a Clean Water Act sectionÂ 401 certification
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to household products containing hazardous substances. Description: An act relating to household products containing hazardous substances
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to boards and commissions. Description: An act relating to boards and commissions
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Barre. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Barre
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to limiting criminal defenses based on victim identity. Description: An act relating to limiting criminal defenses based on victim identity
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to emergency relief from abuse orders and relinquishment of firearms. Description: An act relating to emergency relief from abuse orders and relinquishment of firearms
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the State Ethics Commission. Description: An act relating to the State Ethics Commission
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to fiscal year 2021 budget adjustments. Description: An act relating to fiscal year 2021 budget adjustments
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Williston. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Williston
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to amending the standards for law enforcement use of force. Description: An act relating to amending the standards for law enforcement use of force
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to leave for crime victims. Description: An act relating to leave for crime victims
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to modernizing statutes related to the Vermont National Guard. Description: An act relating to modernizing statutes related to the Vermont National Guard
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to vital records, mausoleums and columbaria, and emergency health orders. Description: An act relating to vital records, mausoleums and columbaria, and emergency health orders
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to education property tax. Description: An act relating to education property tax
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to Medicaid reimbursement rates for home- and community-based service providers. Description: An act relating to Medicaid reimbursement rates for home- and community-based service providers
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the failure of municipal officers to accept office. Description: An act relating to the failure of municipal officers to accept office
In 2022, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to community and economic development and workforce revitalization. Description: An act relating to community and economic development and workforce revitalization
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the governance and financing of Vermont’s child care system. Description: An act relating to the governance and financing of Vermont’s child care system
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the beverage container redemption system. Description: An act relating to the beverage container redemption system
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to sexual violence. Description: An act relating to sexual violence
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to use of facial recognition technology by law enforcement in cases involving sexual exploitation of children. Description: An act relating to use of facial recognition technology by law enforcement in cases involving sexual exploitation of children
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to validating legal instruments used in connection with the conveyance of real estate. Description: An act relating to validating legal instruments used in connection with the conveyance of real estate
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to addressing disparities and promoting equity in the health care system. Description: An act relating to addressing disparities and promoting equity in the health care system
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the sale of unpasteurized raw milk. Description: An act relating to the sale of unpasteurized raw milk
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to possession of a therapeutic dosage of buprenorphine. Description: An act relating to possession of a therapeutic dosage of buprenorphine
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to authorizing the natural organic reduction of human remains. Description: An act relating to authorizing the natural organic reduction of human remains
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Office of the Child, Youth, and Family Advocate. Description: An act relating to the Office of the Child, Youth, and Family Advocate
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to health insurance coverage for hearing aids. Description: An act relating to health insurance coverage for hearing aids
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes affecting the duties of the Department of Vermont Health Access. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes affecting the duties of the Department of Vermont Health Access
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to patient financial assistance policies and medical debt protection. Description: An act relating to patient financial assistance policies and medical debt protection
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to professions and occupations regulated by the Office of Professional Regulation. Description: An act relating to professions and occupations regulated by the Office of Professional Regulation
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to creating the State Youth Council. Description: An act relating to creating the State Youth Council
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to alcoholic beverage laws. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to alcoholic beverage laws
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to COVID-19 relief. Description: An act relating to COVID-19 relief
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting agreements that prevent an employee from working for the employer following the settlement of a discrimination claim. Description: An act relating to prohibiting agreements that prevent an employee from working for the employer following the settlement of a discrimination claim
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the printing and distribution of State publications. Description: An act relating to the printing and distribution of State publications
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to reapportionment proposal deadlines. Description: An act relating to reapportionment proposal deadlines
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to pharmacy benefit management. Description: An act relating to pharmacy benefit management
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to accelerated community broadband deployment. Description: An act relating to accelerated community broadband deployment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the management of perpetual care funds by cemetery associations. Description: An act relating to the management of perpetual care funds by cemetery associations
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to incarceration terms for criminal defendants who are primary caretakers of dependent children. Description: An act relating to incarceration terms for criminal defendants who are primary caretakers of dependent children
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the use and oversight of artificial intelligence in State government. Description: An act relating to the use and oversight of artificial intelligence in State government
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the retrieval and use of covered wild animals. Description: An act relating to the retrieval and use of covered wild animals
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to animal cruelty investigation response and training. Description: An act relating to animal cruelty investigation response and training
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to addressing the needs and conditions of public school facilities in the State. Description: An act relating to addressing the needs and conditions of public school facilities in the State
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to hate-motivated crimes and misconduct. Description: An act relating to hate-motivated crimes and misconduct
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to eligibility for Dr. Dynasaur-like coverage for all income-eligible children and pregnant individuals regardless of immigration status.. Description: An act relating to eligibility for Dr. Dynasaur-like coverage for all income-eligible children and pregnant individuals regardless of immigration status.
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous energy subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous energy subjects
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Transportation Program and miscellaneous changes to laws related to transportation. Description: An act relating to the Transportation Program and miscellaneous changes to laws related to transportation
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to establishing the Agricultural Innovation Board. Description: An act relating to establishing the Agricultural Innovation Board
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous Department of Corrections-related amendments. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous Department of Corrections-related amendments
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to Vermont’s tax laws. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to Vermont’s tax laws
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to changes that affect the revenue of the State. Description: An act relating to changes that affect the revenue of the State
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to capital construction and State bonding. Description: An act relating to capital construction and State bonding
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to making appropriations for the support of government. Description: An act relating to making appropriations for the support of government
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of the merger of the Wilmington Water District with the Town of Wilmington. Description: An act relating to approval of the merger of the Wilmington Water District with the Town of Wilmington
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of Barre. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of Barre
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the Town of Underhill. Description: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the Town of Underhill
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous natural resources and development subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous natural resources and development subjects
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Springfield. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Springfield
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of Burlington. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of Burlington
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the membership and duties of the Vermont Pension Investment Commission and the creation of the Pension Benefits, Design, and Funding Task Force. Description: An act relating to the membership and duties of the Vermont Pension Investment Commission and the creation of the Pension Benefits, Design, and Funding Task Force
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the City of Burlington. Description: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the City of Burlington
In 2022, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to establishing strategic goals and reporting requirements for the Vermont State Colleges. Description: An act relating to establishing strategic goals and reporting requirements for the Vermont State Colleges
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to excluding the income of asylum seekers and refugees from household income. Description: An act relating to excluding the income of asylum seekers and refugees from household income
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous Department of Health programs. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous Department of Health programs
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to the Reach Up Program. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to the Reach Up Program
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to boards and commissions. Description: An act relating to boards and commissions
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to surface water withdrawals and interbasin transfers. Description: An act relating to surface water withdrawals and interbasin transfers
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the classification system for criminal offenses. Description: An act relating to the classification system for criminal offenses
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Petroleum Cleanup Fund. Description: An act relating to the Petroleum Cleanup Fund
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous provisions affecting health insurance regulation. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous provisions affecting health insurance regulation
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the creation of the City of Essex Junction and the adoption of the City charter. Description: An act relating to the creation of the City of Essex Junction and the adoption of the City charter
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the structure of the Natural Resources Board. Description: An act relating to the structure of the Natural Resources Board
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting the sale of mercury lamps in the State. Description: An act relating to prohibiting the sale of mercury lamps in the State
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the regulation of food depackaging facilities. Description: An act relating to the regulation of food depackaging facilities
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to a Vermont Child Tax Credit and the Vermont Social Security income exclusion. Description: An act relating to a Vermont Child Tax Credit and the Vermont Social Security income exclusion
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to modernizing land records and notarial acts law. Description: An act relating to modernizing land records and notarial acts law
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to banking, insurance, and securities. Description: An act relating to banking, insurance, and securities
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to educational benefits for members of the military and their families and eligibility for election to serve as Adjutant and Inspector General. Description: An act relating to educational benefits for members of the military and their families and eligibility for election to serve as Adjutant and Inspector General
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to municipal energy resilience initiatives. Description: An act relating to municipal energy resilience initiatives
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to reducing hydrofluorocarbon emissions. Description: An act relating to reducing hydrofluorocarbon emissions
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to forfeited property disposition and a study assessing civil and criminal seizure and forfeiture of property in drug-related offenses. Description: An act relating to forfeited property disposition and a study assessing civil and criminal seizure and forfeiture of property in drug-related offenses
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to racial justice statistics. Description: An act relating to racial justice statistics
In 2022, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous cannabis establishment procedures. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous cannabis establishment procedures
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting racially and religiously restrictive covenants in deeds. Description: An act relating to prohibiting racially and religiously restrictive covenants in deeds
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to eligibility of domestic partners for reimbursement from the Victims Compensation Program. Description: An act relating to eligibility of domestic partners for reimbursement from the Victims Compensation Program
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to exempting property owned by Vermont-recognized Native American tribes from property tax. Description: An act relating to exempting property owned by Vermont-recognized Native American tribes from property tax
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to workers’ compensation. Description: An act relating to workers’ compensation
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the retirement allowance for interim educators. Description: An act relating to the retirement allowance for interim educators
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to reapportioning the initial districts of the House of Representatives. Description: An act relating to reapportioning the initial districts of the House of Representatives
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to supporting creative sector businesses and cultural organizations. Description: An act relating to supporting creative sector businesses and cultural organizations
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the sale, use, or application of neonicotinoid pesticides. Description: An act relating to the sale, use, or application of neonicotinoid pesticides
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Vermont Economic Development Authority. Description: An act relating to the Vermont Economic Development Authority
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to amending a birth certificate to reflect gender identity. Description: An act relating to amending a birth certificate to reflect gender identity
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to access to adoption records. Description: An act relating to access to adoption records
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to secondary enforcement of minor traffic offenses. Description: An act relating to secondary enforcement of minor traffic offenses
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to extending COVID-19 health care regulatory flexibility. Description: An act relating to extending COVID-19 health care regulatory flexibility
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to telehealth licensure and registration and to provisional licensure for professions regulated by the Office of Professional Regulation. Description: An act relating to telehealth licensure and registration and to provisional licensure for professions regulated by the Office of Professional Regulation
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to licensure of mental health professionals. Description: An act relating to licensure of mental health professionals
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to fiscal year 2022 budget adjustments. Description: An act relating to fiscal year 2022 budget adjustments
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to obtaining a marriage license in any town in Vermont. Description: An act relating to obtaining a marriage license in any town in Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the annual budget vote of the Northeast Kingdom Waste Management District. Description: An act relating to the annual budget vote of the Northeast Kingdom Waste Management District
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to eligibility of reserve forestland for enrollment in the Use Value Appraisal Program. Description: An act relating to eligibility of reserve forestland for enrollment in the Use Value Appraisal Program
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to cannabis license fees and the regulation of the medical cannabis registry. Description: An act relating to cannabis license fees and the regulation of the medical cannabis registry
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to promoting workforce development. Description: An act relating to promoting workforce development
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the creation of the Opioid Settlement Advisory Committee and the Opioid Abatement Special Fund. Description: An act relating to the creation of the Opioid Settlement Advisory Committee and the Opioid Abatement Special Fund
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to making miscellaneous changes in education law. Description: An act relating to making miscellaneous changes in education law
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to providing humanitarian assistance to the people of Ukraine. Description: An act relating to providing humanitarian assistance to the people of Ukraine
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of the dissolution of Colchester Fire District No.Â 1. Description: An act relating to approval of the dissolution of Colchester Fire District No.Â 1
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the system of care for individuals with developmental disabilities. Description: An act relating to the system of care for individuals with developmental disabilities
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to reapportioning the final representative districts of the House of Representatives and the senatorial districts of the Senate. Description: An act relating to reapportioning the final representative districts of the House of Representatives and the senatorial districts of the Senate
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the exploration, formation, and organization of union school districts and unified union school districts. Description: An act relating to the exploration, formation, and organization of union school districts and unified union school districts
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous judiciary procedures. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous judiciary procedures
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to alcoholic beverages and the Department of Liquor and Lottery. Description: An act relating to alcoholic beverages and the Department of Liquor and Lottery
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to technical corrections for the 2022 legislative session. Description: An act relating to technical corrections for the 2022 legislative session
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Transportation Program and miscellaneous changes to laws related to transportation. Description: An act relating to the Transportation Program and miscellaneous changes to laws related to transportation
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to setting the homestead property tax yields and the nonhomestead property tax rate. Description: An act relating to setting the homestead property tax yields and the nonhomestead property tax rate
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to technical and administrative changes to Vermont’s tax laws. Description: An act relating to technical and administrative changes to Vermont’s tax laws
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to capital construction and State bonding budget adjustment. Description: An act relating to capital construction and State bonding budget adjustment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to making appropriations for the support of government. Description: An act relating to making appropriations for the support of government
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of St. Albans. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of St. Albans
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Milton. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Milton
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to amending the charter of the Town of Hardwick. Description: An act relating to amending the charter of the Town of Hardwick
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the City of Burlington. Description: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the City of Burlington
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the approval of the adoption of the charter of the Town of Montgomery. Description: An act relating to the approval of the adoption of the charter of the Town of Montgomery
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to an amendment to the charter of the City of Burlington. Description: An act relating to an amendment to the charter of the City of Burlington
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to extending the baseload renewable power portfolio requirement. Description: An act relating to extending the baseload renewable power portfolio requirement
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to competency to stand trial and insanity as a defense. Description: An act relating to competency to stand trial and insanity as a defense
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to procedures involving firearms. Description: An act relating to procedures involving firearms
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to expanding access to expungement and sealing of criminal history records. Description: An act relating to expanding access to expungement and sealing of criminal history records
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to extending certain workers’ compensation amendments related to COVID-19. Description: An act relating to extending certain workers’ compensation amendments related to COVID-19
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to extending certain unemployment insurance provisions related to COVID-19. Description: An act relating to extending certain unemployment insurance provisions related to COVID-19
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to economic and workforce development. Description: An act relating to economic and workforce development
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Pupil Weighting Factors Report. Description: An act relating to Pupil Weighting Factors Report
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to deed restrictions and housing density. Description: An act relating to deed restrictions and housing density
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to mailing out ballots, correcting defective ballots, and miscellaneous changes to State election laws. Description: An act relating to mailing out ballots, correcting defective ballots, and miscellaneous changes to State election laws
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the creation of the Task Force on Equitable and Inclusive School Environments. Description: An act relating to the creation of the Task Force on Equitable and Inclusive School Environments
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to limiting earned good time sentence reductions for offenders convicted of certain crimes. Description: An act relating to limiting earned good time sentence reductions for offenders convicted of certain crimes
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to restrictions on perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances and other chemicals of concern in consumer products. Description: An act relating to restrictions on perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances and other chemicals of concern in consumer products
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to health care practitioners administering stem cell products not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Description: An act relating to health care practitioners administering stem cell products not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous cannabis regulation procedures. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous cannabis regulation procedures
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to project-based tax increment financing districts. Description: An act relating to project-based tax increment financing districts
In 2021, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to modifications to the use of certain Coronavirus Relief Fund appropriations. Description: An act relating to modifications to the use of certain Coronavirus Relief Fund appropriations
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Judicial Branch fee report and electronic filing fees. Description: An act relating to the Judicial Branch fee report and electronic filing fees
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to establishing the Emergency Service Provider Wellness Commission. Description: An act relating to establishing the Emergency Service Provider Wellness Commission
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to earned discharge from probation. Description: An act relating to earned discharge from probation
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to motor vehicle manufacturers, dealers, and warranty or service facilities. Description: An act relating to motor vehicle manufacturers, dealers, and warranty or service facilities
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Vermont’s adoption of the interstate Nurse Licensure Compact. Description: An act relating to Vermont’s adoption of the interstate Nurse Licensure Compact
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the persons authorized to make contributions to candidates and political parties and to political committee names. Description: An act relating to the persons authorized to make contributions to candidates and political parties and to political committee names
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to changes to Vermont corporate income tax and conformity to federal tax laws. Description: An act relating to changes to Vermont corporate income tax and conformity to federal tax laws
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to allowing municipal and cooperative utilities to offer innovative rates and services. Description: An act relating to allowing municipal and cooperative utilities to offer innovative rates and services
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to employee incentives, technical education, and unemployment insurance. Description: An act relating to employee incentives, technical education, and unemployment insurance
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to electric bicycles. Description: An act relating to electric bicycles
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children. Description: An act relating to the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to modifications to Vermont’s patient choice at end of life laws. Description: An act relating to modifications to Vermont’s patient choice at end of life laws
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to binding interest arbitration for employees of the Vermont Judiciary. Description: An act relating to binding interest arbitration for employees of the Vermont Judiciary
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to laws related to vehicles and vessels. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to laws related to vehicles and vessels
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to emergency provisions for the operation of government. Description: An act relating to emergency provisions for the operation of government
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to insurance, banking, and securities. Description: An act relating to insurance, banking, and securities
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to establishing an amyotrophic lateral sclerosis registry. Description: An act relating to establishing an amyotrophic lateral sclerosis registry
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Parent Child Center Network. Description: An act relating to the Parent Child Center Network
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous judiciary procedures. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous judiciary procedures
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to repealing the statute of limitations for civil actions based on childhood physical abuse. Description: An act relating to repealing the statute of limitations for civil actions based on childhood physical abuse
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to universal school meals. Description: An act relating to universal school meals
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to promoting housing choice and opportunity in smart growth areas. Description: An act relating to promoting housing choice and opportunity in smart growth areas
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the regulation of agricultural inputs for farming. Description: An act relating to the regulation of agricultural inputs for farming
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to extending eligibility for Pandemic Emergency Unemployment Compensation. Description: An act relating to extending eligibility for Pandemic Emergency Unemployment Compensation
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to establishing a cause of action for medical monitoring expenses. Description: An act relating to establishing a cause of action for medical monitoring expenses
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to improving prekindergarten through grade 12 literacy within the State. Description: An act relating to improving prekindergarten through grade 12 literacy within the State
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to making miscellaneous changes in education laws. Description: An act relating to making miscellaneous changes in education laws
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to extending health care regulatory flexibility during and after the COVID-19 pandemic and to coverage of health care services delivered by audio-only telephone. Description: An act relating to extending health care regulatory flexibility during and after the COVID-19 pandemic and to coverage of health care services delivered by audio-only telephone
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the required votes of presidential electors. Description: An act relating to the required votes of presidential electors
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous utility subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous utility subjects
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to clarifying community supervision furlough appeals and the powers of the Corrections Monitoring Commission. Description: An act relating to clarifying community supervision furlough appeals and the powers of the Corrections Monitoring Commission
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to separating the individual and small group health insurance markets for plan year 2022. Description: An act relating to separating the individual and small group health insurance markets for plan year 2022
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to nondiscriminatory school branding. Description: An act relating to nondiscriminatory school branding
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting civil arrests at courthouses. Description: An act relating to prohibiting civil arrests at courthouses
In 2021, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to designating August 31 as Overdose Awareness Day. Description: An act relating to designating August 31 as Overdose Awareness Day
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to environmental justice in Vermont. Description: An act relating to environmental justice in Vermont
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the creation of the Agency of Public Safety. Description: An act relating to the creation of the Agency of Public Safety
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to extending the baseload renewable power portfolio requirement. Description: An act relating to extending the baseload renewable power portfolio requirement
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the collective bargaining rights of teachers. Description: An act relating to the collective bargaining rights of teachers
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to State court petitions for vulnerable noncitizen youth. Description: An act relating to State court petitions for vulnerable noncitizen youth
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to education property tax overpayments by a municipality or school district. Description: An act relating to education property tax overpayments by a municipality or school district
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to adoption of a State code of ethics. Description: An act relating to adoption of a State code of ethics
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to authorizing alternative procedures for 2022 annual municipal meetings in response to COVID-19. Description: An act relating to authorizing alternative procedures for 2022 annual municipal meetings in response to COVID-19
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the State House art collections. Description: An act relating to the State House art collections
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to confidential information concerning the initial arrest and charge of a child. Description: An act relating to confidential information concerning the initial arrest and charge of a child
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to supermajority verdicts in civil trials. Description: An act relating to supermajority verdicts in civil trials
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to authorizing miscellaneous regulatory authority for municipal governments. Description: An act relating to authorizing miscellaneous regulatory authority for municipal governments
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to midpoint probation review. Description: An act relating to midpoint probation review
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to defense of others and justifiable homicide. Description: An act relating to defense of others and justifiable homicide
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to regulating licensed small cannabis cultivation as farming. Description: An act relating to regulating licensed small cannabis cultivation as farming
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the certification of mental health peer support specialists. Description: An act relating to the certification of mental health peer support specialists
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the provision of mental health supports. Description: An act relating to the provision of mental health supports
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to best management practices for trapping. Description: An act relating to best management practices for trapping
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to licensure of freestanding birth centers. Description: An act relating to licensure of freestanding birth centers
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to planning and support for individuals and families impacted by Alzheimer's Disease and related disorders. Description: An act relating to planning and support for individuals and families impacted by Alzheimer's Disease and related disorders
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to rental housing health and safety and affordable housing. Description: An act relating to rental housing health and safety and affordable housing
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to valuation for purposes of the education property tax. Description: An act relating to valuation for purposes of the education property tax
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to ensuring compliance with the U.S. and Vermont Constitutions in the use of public funds for tuition. Description: An act relating to ensuring compliance with the U.S. and Vermont Constitutions in the use of public funds for tuition
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to State-paid deputy sheriffs. Description: An act relating to State-paid deputy sheriffs
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to authorizing temporary Open Meeting Law procedures in response to COVID-19. Description: An act relating to authorizing temporary Open Meeting Law procedures in response to COVID-19
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to authorizing temporary elections procedures for annual meetings in the year 2022. Description: An act relating to authorizing temporary elections procedures for annual meetings in the year 2022
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to juvenile proceedings. Description: An act relating to juvenile proceedings
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to expanding access to safe and affordable housing. Description: An act relating to expanding access to safe and affordable housing
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to enrollment in Medicare supplemental insurance policies. Description: An act relating to enrollment in Medicare supplemental insurance policies
In 2022, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting discrimination based on genetic information. Description: An act relating to prohibiting discrimination based on genetic information
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to law enforcement data collection and interrogation. Description: An act relating to law enforcement data collection and interrogation
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to maintaining records of judgments and settlements paid by law enforcement agencies and a legal analysis of qualified immunity. Description: An act relating to maintaining records of judgments and settlements paid by law enforcement agencies and a legal analysis of qualified immunity
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to agricultural water quality, enforcement, and dairy farming. Description: An act relating to agricultural water quality, enforcement, and dairy farming
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to municipal retention of property tax collections and valuation for purposes of the education property tax. Description: An act relating to municipal retention of property tax collections and valuation for purposes of the education property tax
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to expanding criminal threatening to include threats to third persons. Description: An act relating to expanding criminal threatening to include threats to third persons
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution authorizing remote debate and voting in the House and House committees.. Description: House resolution authorizing remote debate and voting in the House and House committees.
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to extending the Energy Savings Account Partnership Pilot Program. Description: An act relating to extending the Energy Savings Account Partnership Pilot Program
In 2022, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to laws related to vehicles. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to laws related to vehicles
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to hunting coyotes with dogs. Description: An act relating to hunting coyotes with dogs
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to education laws. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to education laws
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to health care reform initiatives, data collection, and access to home- and community-based services. Description: An act relating to health care reform initiatives, data collection, and access to home- and community-based services
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to improving student equity by adjusting the school funding formula and providing education quality and funding oversight. Description: An act relating to improving student equity by adjusting the school funding formula and providing education quality and funding oversight
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution declaring a state of emergency. Description: House resolution declaring a state of emergency
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution relating to the organization of the House and informing the Senate thereof. Description: House resolution relating to the organization of the House and informing the Senate thereof
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution relating to the organization of the House and informing the Governor thereof. Description: House resolution relating to the organization of the House and informing the Governor thereof
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution extending the House's declaration of a state of emergency. Description: House resolution extending the House's declaration of a state of emergency
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution amending House Rules regarding records in the Journal. Description: House resolution amending House Rules regarding records in the Journal
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution honoring the memory of George Floyd by designating May 25, 2021 as a Day of Remembrance and Action. Description: House resolution honoring the memory of George Floyd by designating May 25, 2021 as a Day of Remembrance and Action
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution authorizing remote operation of the House of Representatives and House committees. Description: House resolution authorizing remote operation of the House of Representatives and House committees
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution relating to extending the time-limited hybrid operation of the House of Representatives and House committees and to House Rules Committee meeting authority. Description: House resolution relating to extending the time-limited hybrid operation of the House of Representatives and House committees and to House Rules Committee meeting authority
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution extending the application of temporary Joint Rule 22A. Description: Joint resolution extending the application of temporary Joint Rule 22A
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution commemorating St. Patrick’s Day, celebrating the contributions of Vermonters of Irish heritage, and expressing the hope that the calm and cooperation that the 1998 Good Friday Agreement has engendered in Ireland will endure. Description: House resolution commemorating St. Patrick’s Day, celebrating the contributions of Vermonters of Irish heritage, and expressing the hope that the calm and cooperation that the 1998 Good Friday Agreement has engendered in Ireland will endure
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution honoring Senator Patrick J. Leahy for his nearly half century of extraordinary public service in the U.S. Senate. Description: House resolution honoring Senator Patrick J. Leahy for his nearly half century of extraordinary public service in the U.S. Senate
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to the rules of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to the rules of the Senate
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to amending the permanent rules of the Senate to include rules during Declared Emergencies. Description: Senate resolution relating to amending the permanent rules of the Senate to include rules during Declared Emergencies
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution providing a senator-elect may take and subscribe their oath by electronic means. Description: Senate resolution providing a senator-elect may take and subscribe their oath by electronic means
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to inform the Governor of the organization of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to inform the Governor of the organization of the Senate
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to informing the House of the organization of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to informing the House of the organization of the Senate
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Fagan Hart for her admirable leadership of the Vermont Children’s Trust Foundation. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Fagan Hart for her admirable leadership of the Vermont Children’s Trust Foundation
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to extending concurrently conducted electronic session and committee meetings. Description: Senate resolution relating to extending concurrently conducted electronic session and committee meetings
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to adoption of a temporary Rule 10A. Description: Senate resolution relating to adoption of a temporary Rule 10A
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to adoption of a temporary Rule 10B. Description: Senate resolution relating to adoption of a temporary Rule 10B
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to the establishment of a committee on reapportionment. Description: Senate resolution relating to the establishment of a committee on reapportionment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution honoring Senator Patrick J. Leahy for his nearly half century of extraordinary public service in the U.S. Senate. Description: Senate resolution honoring Senator Patrick J. Leahy for his nearly half century of extraordinary public service in the U.S. Senate
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Bellows Falls Union High School Terriers Division I championship field hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Bellows Falls Union High School Terriers Division I championship field hockey team
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Alice Wolf Gilborn of Dorset for her outstanding literary achievements. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Alice Wolf Gilborn of Dorset for her outstanding literary achievements
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Bellows Falls Union High School Terriers girls’ cross-country team on winning its third consecutive Division III championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Bellows Falls Union High School Terriers girls’ cross-country team on winning its third consecutive Division III championship
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Kate O’Connor of Brattleboro for her superb leadership in the public and nonprofit sectors. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Kate O’Connor of Brattleboro for her superb leadership in the public and nonprofit sectors
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Ursula Dalem for her exemplary proprietorship of the Dalem Chalet in Brattleboro. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Ursula Dalem for her exemplary proprietorship of the Dalem Chalet in Brattleboro
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 2021 as School Board Recognition Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 2021 as School Board Recognition Month in Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 27, 2021 as Homelessness Awareness Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 27, 2021 as Homelessness Awareness Day in Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Proctor High School Phantoms girls’ soccer team on winning a second consecutive Division IV championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Proctor High School Phantoms girls’ soccer team on winning a second consecutive Division IV championship
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the unwavering dedication of Vermont’s health care workforce during the COVID-19 pandemic. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the unwavering dedication of Vermont’s health care workforce during the COVID-19 pandemic
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the important health care contribution of nurse anesthetists in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the important health care contribution of nurse anesthetists in Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Thomas Dairy for 99 years of agricultural and entrepreneurial excellence. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Thomas Dairy for 99 years of agricultural and entrepreneurial excellence
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the important work of MENTOR Vermont and designating January 21, 2021 as Mentoring Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the important work of MENTOR Vermont and designating January 21, 2021 as Mentoring Day in Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Brattleboro Police Chief Michael Fitzgerald. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Brattleboro Police Chief Michael Fitzgerald
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of historic preservation architect Martin S. Tierney of Burlington. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of historic preservation architect Martin S. Tierney of Burlington
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Putney Food Co-op on its 80th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Putney Food Co-op on its 80th anniversary
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution extending future best wishes to and honoring Ikey Spear for her leadership as an outstanding social work practitioner and educator. Description: House concurrent resolution extending future best wishes to and honoring Ikey Spear for her leadership as an outstanding social work practitioner and educator
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Vermont House Clerk William M. MaGill for his notable contributions to the State legislative process. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Vermont House Clerk William M. MaGill for his notable contributions to the State legislative process
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Cynthia M. (Peterson) Eastman. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Cynthia M. (Peterson) Eastman
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Megan Nick of Shelburne on her victories in the 2021 FIS Freestyle World Cup competition. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Megan Nick of Shelburne on her victories in the 2021 FIS Freestyle World Cup competition
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 class of Boy Scouts who have achieved the rank of Eagle. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 class of Boy Scouts who have achieved the rank of Eagle
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Georgia Elementary and Middle School for its effective active shooter response training. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Georgia Elementary and Middle School for its effective active shooter response training
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Elinor Purrier of Berkshire on her record U.S. indoor two-mile run at the 2021 New Balance Indoor Grand Prix and on her recent marriage to Jamie St. Pierre. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Elinor Purrier of Berkshire on her record U.S. indoor two-mile run at the 2021 New Balance Indoor Grand Prix and on her recent marriage to Jamie St. Pierre
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Representative Edward H. Paquin Jr. for his exemplary leadership as a disability rights advocate. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Representative Edward H. Paquin Jr. for his exemplary leadership as a disability rights advocate
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating March 2021 as Vermont Habitat for Humanity Month. Description: House concurrent resolution designating March 2021 as Vermont Habitat for Humanity Month
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the importance of early childhood care services in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the importance of early childhood care services in Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of John Pandiani of Bristol. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of John Pandiani of Bristol
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing July 2021 as Park and Recreation Month in Vermont and designating July 16, 2021 as Vermont Park and Recreation Professionals Day. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing July 2021 as Park and Recreation Month in Vermont and designating July 16, 2021 as Vermont Park and Recreation Professionals Day
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Dr. William Ashe for his leadership and service on behalf of Vermonters with developmental and intellectual disabilities. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Dr. William Ashe for his leadership and service on behalf of Vermonters with developmental and intellectual disabilities
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Barre Town’s Town Clerk and Treasurer, Donna Kelty. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Barre Town’s Town Clerk and Treasurer, Donna Kelty
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Angeline Faraci for her teaching and soccer coaching achievements. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Angeline Faraci for her teaching and soccer coaching achievements
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of U.S. Second Circuit Judge Peter W. Hall. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of U.S. Second Circuit Judge Peter W. Hall
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Ronald J. Cioffi for his outstanding leadership of the VNA & Hospice of the Southwest Region. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Ronald J. Cioffi for his outstanding leadership of the VNA & Hospice of the Southwest Region
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Mary Theresa Ojala of Rutland. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Mary Theresa Ojala of Rutland
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 26, 2021 as SEL (Social and Emotional Learning) Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 26, 2021 as SEL (Social and Emotional Learning) Day in Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Ludy Biddle for her outstanding leadership at NeighborWorks of Western Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Ludy Biddle for her outstanding leadership at NeighborWorks of Western Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Westfield Selectboard Chair extraordinaire Yves Daigle. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Westfield Selectboard Chair extraordinaire Yves Daigle
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the musical achievements of Vermont Symphony Orchestra Music Director Jaime Laredo. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the musical achievements of Vermont Symphony Orchestra Music Director Jaime Laredo
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Essex High School Hornets Vermont-NEA Scholars’ Bowl State championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Essex High School Hornets Vermont-NEA Scholars’ Bowl State championship team
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Fatima Khan on earning a finalist ranking in U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders’s 2021 State of the Union Essay Contest. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Fatima Khan on earning a finalist ranking in U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders’s 2021 State of the Union Essay Contest
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Brattleboro Fire Chief Michael Bucossi for his outstanding leadership and community service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Brattleboro Fire Chief Michael Bucossi for his outstanding leadership and community service
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Lawrence B. Myott of Franklin, Vermont’s "Mr. Maple" and former Vergennes City Councillor. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Lawrence B. Myott of Franklin, Vermont’s "Mr. Maple" and former Vergennes City Councillor
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Montpelier Mayor John Hollar for his exemplary civic and community leadership. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Montpelier Mayor John Hollar for his exemplary civic and community leadership
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont Student Assistance Corporation on the 30th anniversary of its TRIO Educational Opportunity Center of Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont Student Assistance Corporation on the 30th anniversary of its TRIO Educational Opportunity Center of Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Christopher Hodsden on being named the 2021 Robert F. Pierce Principal of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Christopher Hodsden on being named the 2021 Robert F. Pierce Principal of the Year
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks boys’ Alpine State championship ski team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks boys’ Alpine State championship ski team
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks girls’ Alpine State championship ski team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks girls’ Alpine State championship ski team
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the special importance of social workers during the COVID-19 pandemic. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the special importance of social workers during the COVID-19 pandemic
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Neshobe School principal Judi Pulsifer. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Neshobe School principal Judi Pulsifer
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2021 as Fair Housing Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2021 as Fair Housing Month in Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2021 as Organ Donation Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2021 as Organ Donation Month in Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks girls’ cross-country team on winning a 12th consecutive Division 1 championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks girls’ cross-country team on winning a 12th consecutive Division 1 championship
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks boys’ golf team on winning its third consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks boys’ golf team on winning its third consecutive Division I championship
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks Division I boys’ cross-country championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks Division I boys’ cross-country championship team
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Cystic Fibrosis Lifestyle Foundation for its achievements on behalf of persons with cystic fibrosis. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Cystic Fibrosis Lifestyle Foundation for its achievements on behalf of persons with cystic fibrosis
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Elaine Pinckney for her illustrious career in public education. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Elaine Pinckney for her illustrious career in public education
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Arlington Selectboard Chair Keith Squires and former Arlington School Board Chair Donna Squires for their dedicated municipal civic service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Arlington Selectboard Chair Keith Squires and former Arlington School Board Chair Donna Squires for their dedicated municipal civic service
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Timothy Noonan for his leadership at the Vermont Labor Relations Board and in the Montpelier community. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Timothy Noonan for his leadership at the Vermont Labor Relations Board and in the Montpelier community
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Southwestern Vermont Medical Center in Bennington on earning its fifth consecutive Magnet recognition despite the COVID-19 pandemic. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Southwestern Vermont Medical Center in Bennington on earning its fifth consecutive Magnet recognition despite the COVID-19 pandemic
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the exemplary teaching and leadership of David Estes at the School of Sacred Heart Saint Francis de Sales. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the exemplary teaching and leadership of David Estes at the School of Sacred Heart Saint Francis de Sales
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the week of May 9–15, 2021 as National Skilled Nursing Care Week in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the week of May 9–15, 2021 as National Skilled Nursing Care Week in Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Robert J. Gray for his outstanding contributions to American agricultural and dairy policies. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Robert J. Gray for his outstanding contributions to American agricultural and dairy policies
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Vermont Natural Resources Board Vice Chair Martha Illick and her husband, Terrence Dinnan, of Charlotte. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Vermont Natural Resources Board Vice Chair Martha Illick and her husband, Terrence Dinnan, of Charlotte
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Counseling Service of Addison County Medical Director Dr. Robert C. Jimerson. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Counseling Service of Addison County Medical Director Dr. Robert C. Jimerson
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Anne Severy for her exemplary career as a public-school music educator. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Anne Severy for her exemplary career as a public-school music educator
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the memory of Vermont African American pioneer Lucy Terry Prince on the bicentennial of her death. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the memory of Vermont African American pioneer Lucy Terry Prince on the bicentennial of her death
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 250th anniversary of the Breakenridge Stand-off in North Bennington. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 250th anniversary of the Breakenridge Stand-off in North Bennington
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Edwin Ora Brehaut of Georgia. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Edwin Ora Brehaut of Georgia
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 2021 as EDS and HSD Awareness Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 2021 as EDS and HSD Awareness Month in Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution remembering the life achievements of former Representative Robert Willard Cochran of Jericho and his wife, Willadine (Orton) Cochran. Description: House concurrent resolution remembering the life achievements of former Representative Robert Willard Cochran of Jericho and his wife, Willadine (Orton) Cochran
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Proctor High School Phantoms on winning a second consecutive Division IV boys’ basketball championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Proctor High School Phantoms on winning a second consecutive Division IV boys’ basketball championship
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Vermont Department of Health for its exemplary public service during the COVID-19 Pandemic. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Vermont Department of Health for its exemplary public service during the COVID-19 Pandemic
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Living Well Group’s staff and volunteers for their superb elder-care services during the COVID-19 pandemic. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Living Well Group’s staff and volunteers for their superb elder-care services during the COVID-19 pandemic
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative George Anthony Schiavone of Shelburne. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative George Anthony Schiavone of Shelburne
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Proctor High School Lady Phantoms on their second consecutive designation as the Division IV girls’ basketball championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Proctor High School Lady Phantoms on their second consecutive designation as the Division IV girls’ basketball championship team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Elle Purrier St. Pierre on her outstanding performance in the 2020 Olympics women’s 1500-meter race. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Elle Purrier St. Pierre on her outstanding performance in the 2020 Olympics women’s 1500-meter race
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Douglas Weld for his exemplary community service in the town of Berkshire. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Douglas Weld for his exemplary community service in the town of Berkshire
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the successful rescue effort of Newport City Fire Chief John Harlamert and retired Chief Robert (RJ) George. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the successful rescue effort of Newport City Fire Chief John Harlamert and retired Chief Robert (RJ) George
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Milton High School Yellowjackets Division II boys’ varsity soccer team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Milton High School Yellowjackets Division II boys’ varsity soccer team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Brattleboro Town Manager Peter Elwell for his outstanding municipal public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Brattleboro Town Manager Peter Elwell for his outstanding municipal public service
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory and recognition of Henry A. LaGue Jr. of Berlin. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory and recognition of Henry A. LaGue Jr. of Berlin
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Brandon Police Lieutenant Rodney Pulsifer for his exemplary law enforcement career. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Brandon Police Lieutenant Rodney Pulsifer for his exemplary law enforcement career
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Brattleboro Public Works Director Stephen Barrett for his outstanding municipal public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Brattleboro Public Works Director Stephen Barrett for his outstanding municipal public service
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the civic contributions of John H. and Mary F. Carnahan to the community life of Brattleboro. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the civic contributions of John H. and Mary F. Carnahan to the community life of Brattleboro
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 20, 2022, as Homelessness Awareness Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 20, 2022, as Homelessness Awareness Day in Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 2022 as School Board Recognition Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 2022 as School Board Recognition Month in Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing January 25, 2022, as Mentoring Day at the General Assembly. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing January 25, 2022, as Mentoring Day at the General Assembly
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers Division I boys’ cross-country championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers Division I boys’ cross-country championship team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltopper Evan Thornton-Sherman on winning the 2021 individual boys’ Division I cross-country running championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltopper Evan Thornton-Sherman on winning the 2021 individual boys’ Division I cross-country running championship
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Essex High School Hornets 2021 Division I championship varsity football team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Essex High School Hornets 2021 Division I championship varsity football team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Iris Hsiang on winning the 2021 Rights & Democracy Human Rights Award for Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Iris Hsiang on winning the 2021 Rights & Democracy Human Rights Award for Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Essex High School Hornets 2021 Division I championship boys’ varsity soccer team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Essex High School Hornets 2021 Division I championship boys’ varsity soccer team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Thetford Academy Panthers Division III girls’ cross-country championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Thetford Academy Panthers Division III girls’ cross-country championship team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Robert D. Bates. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Robert D. Bates
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Essex High School Hornets State championship girls’ varsity volleyball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Essex High School Hornets State championship girls’ varsity volleyball team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing July 2022 as Park and Recreation Month in Vermont and designating July 15, 2022, as Vermont Park and Recreation Professionals Day in Vermont.. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing July 2022 as Park and Recreation Month in Vermont and designating July 15, 2022, as Vermont Park and Recreation Professionals Day in Vermont.
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Alicia Dana on winning the Women’s Road Race H1-4 cycling bronze medal at the 2020 Paralympics in Tokyo. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Alicia Dana on winning the Women’s Road Race H1-4 cycling bronze medal at the 2020 Paralympics in Tokyo
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Mary L. Miner of Manchester on her 100th birthday. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Mary L. Miner of Manchester on her 100th birthday
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Town of Stowe on earning a three-year designation as a Quality Youth Development Community. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Town of Stowe on earning a three-year designation as a Quality Youth Development Community
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Rebecca Buck for her superb service as a member of the Joint Fiscal Office staff. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Rebecca Buck for her superb service as a member of the Joint Fiscal Office staff
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Carl D. Powden of Johnson. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Carl D. Powden of Johnson
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Stephen A. Klein for his dedicated leadership as the General Assembly’s Chief Fiscal Officer. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Stephen A. Klein for his dedicated leadership as the General Assembly’s Chief Fiscal Officer
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 class of Eagle Scouts in the State of Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 class of Eagle Scouts in the State of Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the centennial anniversary of the Harris Hill Ski Jump in Brattleboro. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the centennial anniversary of the Harris Hill Ski Jump in Brattleboro
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Deborah G. Evans of Essex. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Deborah G. Evans of Essex
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Robert William Kirkbride. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Robert William Kirkbride
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating March 10, 2022, as Social Worker Advocacy Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating March 10, 2022, as Social Worker Advocacy Day at the State House
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating the legislative week of March 8–Â 11, 2022 as Early Childhood Week at the General Assembly. Description: House concurrent resolution designating the legislative week of March 8–Â 11, 2022 as Early Childhood Week at the General Assembly
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Essex High School Hornets girls’ indoor track and field team on winning a second consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Essex High School Hornets girls’ indoor track and field team on winning a second consecutive Division I championship
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Essex High School boys’ indoor track and field team on winning a second consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Essex High School boys’ indoor track and field team on winning a second consecutive Division I championship
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating William O’Neil of Essex on his induction into the Vermont Sports Hall of Fame. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating William O’Neil of Essex on his induction into the Vermont Sports Hall of Fame
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Voices of St. Joseph’s Orphanage. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Voices of St. Joseph’s Orphanage
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the USS VERMONT (SSN 792). Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the USS VERMONT (SSN 792)
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Brattleboro Union High School Colonels Division II championship boys’ hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Brattleboro Union High School Colonels Division II championship boys’ hockey team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Essex High School Hornets State championship gymnastics team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Essex High School Hornets State championship gymnastics team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 250th anniversary of the New Yorkers’ capture and Bennington posse’s rescue of early Arlington leader and pre-Revolutionary War patriot Remember Baker Jr.. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 250th anniversary of the New Yorkers’ capture and Bennington posse’s rescue of early Arlington leader and pre-Revolutionary War patriot Remember Baker Jr.
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Catamount Access Television in Bennington on its 30th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Catamount Access Television in Bennington on its 30th anniversary
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Diane Dalmasse for her extraordinary half century of State public service and leadership. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Diane Dalmasse for her extraordinary half century of State public service and leadership
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Anthony Mariano for 44 years of exemplary athletics leadership at Norwich University. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Anthony Mariano for 44 years of exemplary athletics leadership at Norwich University
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Mt. Anthony Union High School boys’ Division I Nordic skiing championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Mt. Anthony Union High School boys’ Division I Nordic skiing championship team
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of former Burlington Alderwoman Janet Stackpole. Description: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of former Burlington Alderwoman Janet Stackpole
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots State championship wrestling team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots State championship wrestling team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Blue Mountain Union School Bucks Division IV championship boys’ basketball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Blue Mountain Union School Bucks Division IV championship boys’ basketball team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks State championship girls’ Alpine skiing team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks State championship girls’ Alpine skiing team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Anna Chandler of Orange on her centennial birthday. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Anna Chandler of Orange on her centennial birthday
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Gill Coates for a half century of exemplary community leadership in Hinesburg. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Gill Coates for a half century of exemplary community leadership in Hinesburg
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating Thomas Davenport, electrical inventor. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating Thomas Davenport, electrical inventor
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks boys’ Alpine ski team on winning a second consecutive State championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks boys’ Alpine ski team on winning a second consecutive State championship
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Milton High School Yellowjackets Division II boys’ ice hockey championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Milton High School Yellowjackets Division II boys’ ice hockey championship team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Bellows Free Academy-St Albans Comets Division I girls’ championship ice hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Bellows Free Academy-St Albans Comets Division I girls’ championship ice hockey team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2022 as the Month of the Military Child and April 15, 2022 as Purple Up Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2022 as the Month of the Military Child and April 15, 2022 as Purple Up Day in Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Melinda Moulton and Lisa Steele for their pivotal role in rejuvenating the Burlington waterfront. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Melinda Moulton and Lisa Steele for their pivotal role in rejuvenating the Burlington waterfront
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2022 as National Donate Life Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2022 as National Donate Life Month in Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Essex High School Hornets Division I boys’ ice hockey championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 Essex High School Hornets Division I boys’ ice hockey championship team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 6, 2022 as Start by Believing Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 6, 2022 as Start by Believing Day in Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating April 27, 2022 as Alzheimer’s Awareness Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating April 27, 2022 as Alzheimer’s Awareness Day at the State House
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Bellows Falls Union High School Terriers Division II championship football team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Bellows Falls Union High School Terriers Division II championship football team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Bellows Free Academy-St. Albans boys’ ice hockey Head Coach Toby Ducolon for his outstanding achievements. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Bellows Free Academy-St. Albans boys’ ice hockey Head Coach Toby Ducolon for his outstanding achievements
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School RoboHawks on winning the 2022 Vermont State FIRST Tech Challenge Robotics Championships. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School RoboHawks on winning the 2022 Vermont State FIRST Tech Challenge Robotics Championships
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont winners of the 2022 NYSRAEF ProStart Invitational culinary competition. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont winners of the 2022 NYSRAEF ProStart Invitational culinary competition
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating E.J. Barrette & Sons Inc. of Swanton on its centennial. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating E.J. Barrette & Sons Inc. of Swanton on its centennial
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Chef Christian Kruse on his selection as a 2022 semifinalist for the receipt of the James Beard Foundation’s Best Chef: Northeast Award. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Chef Christian Kruse on his selection as a 2022 semifinalist for the receipt of the James Beard Foundation’s Best Chef: Northeast Award
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Sister Janice E. Ryan, RSM. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Sister Janice E. Ryan, RSM
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of George H. Severance of Hinesburg. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of George H. Severance of Hinesburg
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Blake Hill Preserves’ owners Vicki Allard and Joe Hanglin on being named the U.S. Small Business Administration’s 2022 Vermont Small Business Persons of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Blake Hill Preserves’ owners Vicki Allard and Joe Hanglin on being named the U.S. Small Business Administration’s 2022 Vermont Small Business Persons of the Year
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing June 27, 2022 as Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing June 27, 2022 as Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day in Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Megan Nick on winning the bronze medal in women’s individual aerials at the 2022 Winter Olympics. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Megan Nick on winning the bronze medal in women’s individual aerials at the 2022 Winter Olympics
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Ryan Cochran-Siegle of Starksboro on winning the silver medal in the super-G alpine skiing race at the 2022 Winter Olympics. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Ryan Cochran-Siegle of Starksboro on winning the silver medal in the super-G alpine skiing race at the 2022 Winter Olympics
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2022 as World Landscape Architecture Month and designating April 26, 2022 as Fredrick Law Olmsted Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2022 as World Landscape Architecture Month and designating April 26, 2022 as Fredrick Law Olmsted Day in Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Sunderland Town Clerk and Treasurer Rose Keough. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Sunderland Town Clerk and Treasurer Rose Keough
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating April 2022 as Vermont Public Safety Telecommunicators Month. Description: House concurrent resolution designating April 2022 as Vermont Public Safety Telecommunicators Month
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Burlington High School Seahorses girls’ Nordic skiing team on winning a second consecutive DivisionÂ I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Burlington High School Seahorses girls’ Nordic skiing team on winning a second consecutive DivisionÂ I championship
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Vermont Thunder Ride on its 30th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Vermont Thunder Ride on its 30th anniversary
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution celebrating the State Partnership Program recently established between the Vermont National Guard and Austria. Description: House concurrent resolution celebrating the State Partnership Program recently established between the Vermont National Guard and Austria
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Waterville Selectboard Chair Donald W. Lynch Sr. for his outstanding municipal leadership. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Waterville Selectboard Chair Donald W. Lynch Sr. for his outstanding municipal leadership
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Rita Markley for her superb leadership in the effort to eradicate homelessness in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Rita Markley for her superb leadership in the effort to eradicate homelessness in Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing National Foster Care Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing National Foster Care Month in Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Vermont’s correctional personnel and recognizing National Correctional Officers Week in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Vermont’s correctional personnel and recognizing National Correctional Officers Week in Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution welcoming the 2022 International Workshop on Agritourism to Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution welcoming the 2022 International Workshop on Agritourism to Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 West Rutland High School Golden Horde Division IV girls’ basketball championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2022 West Rutland High School Golden Horde Division IV girls’ basketball championship team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the General Assembly’s venerable head doorkeeper, Cornelius F. Reed Jr. of Wolcott. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the General Assembly’s venerable head doorkeeper, Cornelius F. Reed Jr. of Wolcott
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Alice Harter for her dedicated service as a long-term care ombudsman. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Alice Harter for her dedicated service as a long-term care ombudsman
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Vermont Historical Society Librarian extraordinaire Paul A. Carnahan for his superb professional leadership. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Vermont Historical Society Librarian extraordinaire Paul A. Carnahan for his superb professional leadership
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Ludlow civic leader Herbert Van Guilder. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Ludlow civic leader Herbert Van Guilder
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Linda Wrazen for her exemplary career at Vermont Humanities. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Linda Wrazen for her exemplary career at Vermont Humanities
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Green Mountain Power Corporation of Colchester on Time Magazine’s designating it as one of the 100 most influential companies in the world. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Green Mountain Power Corporation of Colchester on Time Magazine’s designating it as one of the 100 most influential companies in the world
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Berlin Town Clerk Rosemary Morse for 20 years of exemplary dedication to her community. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Berlin Town Clerk Rosemary Morse for 20 years of exemplary dedication to her community
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 75th Anniversary of the U.S. Air Force. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 75th Anniversary of the U.S. Air Force
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former House Majority Leader Willem Westpalm van Hoorn Jewett of Ripton. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former House Majority Leader Willem Westpalm van Hoorn Jewett of Ripton
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont students at the Pioneer Valley Regional School in Northfield, Massachusetts, who are being honored as 2022 Peacemaker Award winners. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont students at the Pioneer Valley Regional School in Northfield, Massachusetts, who are being honored as 2022 Peacemaker Award winners
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative, Commissioner of State Buildings, and Labor Relations Board member John J. Zampieri of Ryegate. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative, Commissioner of State Buildings, and Labor Relations Board member John J. Zampieri of Ryegate
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Jayne Barber of Bellows Falls on her 2022 induction into the Vermont Sports Hall of Fame. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Jayne Barber of Bellows Falls on her 2022 induction into the Vermont Sports Hall of Fame
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring former Franklin Selectboard Chair Peter Magnant for his exemplary civic leadership. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring former Franklin Selectboard Chair Peter Magnant for his exemplary civic leadership
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring former Franklin Selectboard member Yvon Dandurand for his outstanding public service. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring former Franklin Selectboard member Yvon Dandurand for his outstanding public service
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution recognizing the week of April 18–24 2021 as Medical Laboratory Professionals Week in Vermont and the essential role of Vermont’s medical laboratories during the COVID-19 pandemic. Description: Senate concurrent resolution recognizing the week of April 18–24 2021 as Medical Laboratory Professionals Week in Vermont and the essential role of Vermont’s medical laboratories during the COVID-19 pandemic
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution designating May 2021 as Mental Health Awareness Month in Vermont. Description: Senate concurrent resolution designating May 2021 as Mental Health Awareness Month in Vermont
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring WCAX weather director and anchor Sharon Meyer for her outstanding achievements as a broadcast meteorologist. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring WCAX weather director and anchor Sharon Meyer for her outstanding achievements as a broadcast meteorologist
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the Hickok & Boardman Insurance Group on its bicentennial. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the Hickok & Boardman Insurance Group on its bicentennial
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution commemorating the 150th anniversary of the Billings Farm. Description: Senate concurrent resolution commemorating the 150th anniversary of the Billings Farm
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Seall community juvenile offender residency program. Description: Senate concurrent resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Seall community juvenile offender residency program
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Bellows Falls Union High School Terriers Division II championship varsity football team. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the 2021 Bellows Falls Union High School Terriers Division II championship varsity football team
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring John Shannahan for his exemplary leadership of the Better Bennington Corporation. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring John Shannahan for his exemplary leadership of the Better Bennington Corporation
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution memorializing the more than 500 Vermonters who have died due to COVID-19, extending sincere condolences to their families, and thanking those Vermonters whose frontline jobs have been especially challenging during the pandemic. Description: Senate concurrent resolution memorializing the more than 500 Vermonters who have died due to COVID-19, extending sincere condolences to their families, and thanking those Vermonters whose frontline jobs have been especially challenging during the pandemic
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Kekla Magoon on her 2021 and 2022 literary honors as an author of young people’s literature. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Kekla Magoon on her 2021 and 2022 literary honors as an author of young people’s literature
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Jason Chin of Burlington on his winning of the 2022 Randolph Caldecott Medal. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Jason Chin of Burlington on his winning of the 2022 Randolph Caldecott Medal
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution recognizing February 2022 as Black History Month in Vermont. Description: Senate concurrent resolution recognizing February 2022 as Black History Month in Vermont
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution commemorating the centennial of Robert Frost's poem “Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening”. Description: Senate concurrent resolution commemorating the centennial of Robert Frost's poem “Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening”
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring John Shannahan for his extraordinary contributions to the economic and cultural life of the Town of Bennington. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring John Shannahan for his extraordinary contributions to the economic and cultural life of the Town of Bennington
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of former Assistant Attorney General Mark Di Stefano of Montpelier. Description: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of former Assistant Attorney General Mark Di Stefano of Montpelier
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Williamstown High School boys’ basketball Head Coach Jack Carrier on his outstanding career. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Williamstown High School boys’ basketball Head Coach Jack Carrier on his outstanding career
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont Spring Open Studio Weekend on its 30th anniversary.. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont Spring Open Studio Weekend on its 30th anniversary.
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution recognizing the week beginning May 1, 2022 as Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week in Vermont.. Description: Senate concurrent resolution recognizing the week beginning May 1, 2022 as Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week in Vermont.
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Jay and Joan Zwynenburg on the 50th anniversary of Jay’s Art Shop & Frame Gallery and for their roles as exemplary downtown Bennington entrepreneurs. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Jay and Joan Zwynenburg on the 50th anniversary of Jay’s Art Shop & Frame Gallery and for their roles as exemplary downtown Bennington entrepreneurs
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution celebrating the State Partnership Program recently established between the Vermont National Guard and Austria. Description: Senate concurrent resolution celebrating the State Partnership Program recently established between the Vermont National Guard and Austria
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution condemning the storming of the U.S. Capitol on January 6, 2021 as an attack on democracy. Description: Joint resolution condemning the storming of the U.S. Capitol on January 6, 2021 as an attack on democracy
In 2021, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: Joint resolution sincerely apologizing and expressing sorrow and regret to all individual Vermonters and their families and descendants who were harmed as a result of State-sanctioned eugenics policies and practices. Description: Joint resolution sincerely apologizing and expressing sorrow and regret to all individual Vermonters and their families and descendants who were harmed as a result of State-sanctioned eugenics policies and practices
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing, subject to the determination of and limitations that the Sergeant at Arms may establish, the Green Mountain Boys State educational program to use the State House. Description: Joint resolution authorizing, subject to the determination of and limitations that the Sergeant at Arms may establish, the Green Mountain Boys State educational program to use the State House
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to racism as a public health emergency. Description: Joint resolution relating to racism as a public health emergency
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment of the General Assembly 2021. Description: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment of the General Assembly 2021
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution amending the application of temporary Joint Rule 22A. Description: Joint resolution amending the application of temporary Joint Rule 22A
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing the 2022 Green Mountain Girls State educational program to use the State House. Description: Joint resolution authorizing the 2022 Green Mountain Girls State educational program to use the State House
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution extending the application of temporary Joint Rule 22A through Tuesday, March 8, 2022. Description: Joint resolution extending the application of temporary Joint Rule 22A through Tuesday, March 8, 2022
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Boys State educational program to use the State House. Description: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Boys State educational program to use the State House
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing remote participation in joint committees under restricted, COVID-19-related circumstances through the remainder in 2022. Description: Joint resolution authorizing remote participation in joint committees under restricted, COVID-19-related circumstances through the remainder in 2022
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Description: Joint resolution relating to the Russian invasion of Ukraine
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to joint rules. Description: Joint resolution relating to joint rules
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to the adoption of an emergency temporary Joint Rule 22A. Description: Joint resolution relating to the adoption of an emergency temporary Joint Rule 22A
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the report of the committee appointed to canvass votes for state officers. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the report of the committee appointed to canvass votes for state officers
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution providing the canvassing committee of the General Assembly meeting shall be concurrently conducted electronically. Description: Joint resolution providing the canvassing committee of the General Assembly meeting shall be concurrently conducted electronically
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear a message from the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear a message from the Governor
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution providing for the election of a Sergeant at Arms, an Adjutant and Inspector General, and three Trustees of the University of Vermont and State Agricultural College. Description: Joint resolution providing for the election of a Sergeant at Arms, an Adjutant and Inspector General, and three Trustees of the University of Vermont and State Agricultural College
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution establishing a procedure for the conduct of the election of UVM trustees by plurality vote by the General Assembly in 2021. Description: Joint resolution establishing a procedure for the conduct of the election of UVM trustees by plurality vote by the General Assembly in 2021
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of two Superior Judges and three Magistrates. Description: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of two Superior Judges and three Magistrates
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to amending temporary Joint Rule 22A and to public access to the State House or other legislative meeting spaces. Description: Joint resolution relating to amending temporary Joint Rule 22A and to public access to the State House or other legislative meeting spaces
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment of the General Assembly 2021. Description: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment of the General Assembly 2021
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution amending temporary Joint Rule 22A. Description: Joint resolution amending temporary Joint Rule 22A
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the State-of-the-State message from the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the State-of-the-State message from the Governor
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly for the election of two legislative Trustees of the Vermont State Colleges Corporation. Description: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly for the election of two legislative Trustees of the Vermont State Colleges Corporation
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution establishing a procedure for the conduct of the election of two legislative trustees of the Vermont State Colleges Corporation by plurality vote by the General Assembly in 2022. Description: Joint resolution establishing a procedure for the conduct of the election of two legislative trustees of the Vermont State Colleges Corporation by plurality vote by the General Assembly in 2022
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing the Commissioner of Forests, Parks and Recreation to exchange quit claim deeds with the Vermont Land Trust and the Nature Conservancy in order to confirm the boundary between the Long Trail State Forest and the land co-owned by the Vermont Land Trust and the Nature Conservancy in the Towns of Eden and Belvidere. Description: Joint resolution authorizing the Commissioner of Forests, Parks and Recreation to exchange quit claim deeds with the Vermont Land Trust and the Nature Conservancy in order to confirm the boundary between the Long Trail State Forest and the land co-owned by the Vermont Land Trust and the Nature Conservancy in the Towns of Eden and Belvidere
In 2022, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of six Superior Judges. Description: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of six Superior Judges
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution supporting transgender youth and their parents who seek essential medical care for the treatment of gender dysphoria. Description: Joint resolution supporting transgender youth and their parents who seek essential medical care for the treatment of gender dysphoria
In 2022, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment of the General Assembly in 2022. Description: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment of the General Assembly in 2022
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to temporary municipal rules in response to COVID-19. Description: An act relating to temporary municipal rules in response to COVID-19
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to adoption of rules to govern the Special Session of 2021. Description: Senate resolution relating to adoption of rules to govern the Special Session of 2021
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to appointment of a Committee to inform the Governor of the organization of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to appointment of a Committee to inform the Governor of the organization of the Senate
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to informing the House of the organization of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to informing the House of the organization of the Senate
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution urging Governor Philip Scott to use all possible public health measures to reduce the number of COVID-19 cases and associated deaths and maximize vaccination rates among all eligible population groups. Description: Senate resolution urging Governor Philip Scott to use all possible public health measures to reduce the number of COVID-19 cases and associated deaths and maximize vaccination rates among all eligible population groups
In 2021, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to agreements not to compete. Description: An act relating to agreements not to compete
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to ethnic and social equity studies standards for public schools. Description: An act relating to ethnic and social equity studies standards for public schools
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to second degree aggravated domestic assault. Description: An act relating to second degree aggravated domestic assault
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to alcoholic beverage and tobacco laws. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to alcoholic beverage and tobacco laws
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to boards and commissions. Description: An act relating to boards and commissions
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to sexual exploitation of a person in law enforcement officer custody. Description: An act relating to sexual exploitation of a person in law enforcement officer custody
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to restricting retail and Internet sales of electronic cigarettes, liquid nicotine, and tobacco paraphernalia in Vermont. Description: An act relating to restricting retail and Internet sales of electronic cigarettes, liquid nicotine, and tobacco paraphernalia in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the taxation of electronic cigarettes. Description: An act relating to the taxation of electronic cigarettes
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to preserving the right to abortion. Description: An act relating to preserving the right to abortion
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Barre. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Barre
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the codification of the charter of the Rutland County Solid Waste District. Description: An act relating to the codification of the charter of the Rutland County Solid Waste District
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to weatherization, a Public Utility Commission proceeding, and unclaimed beverage container deposits. Description: An act relating to weatherization, a Public Utility Commission proceeding, and unclaimed beverage container deposits
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of Barre. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of Barre
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to eligibility for farm-to-school grant assistance. Description: An act relating to eligibility for farm-to-school grant assistance
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the taxation of timber harvesting equipment. Description: An act relating to the taxation of timber harvesting equipment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting female genital mutilation or cutting. Description: An act relating to prohibiting female genital mutilation or cutting
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to trade in covered animal parts or products. Description: An act relating to trade in covered animal parts or products
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to professions and occupations regulated by the Office of Professional Regulation. Description: An act relating to professions and occupations regulated by the Office of Professional Regulation
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to designating October 12 as Dewey Day. Description: An act relating to designating October 12 as Dewey Day
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to adopting protections against housing discrimination for victims of domestic and sexual violence. Description: An act relating to adopting protections against housing discrimination for victims of domestic and sexual violence
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous energy subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous energy subjects
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the authority of the Agency of Digital Services. Description: An act relating to the authority of the Agency of Digital Services
In 2019, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the State Advisory Panel on Special Education. Description: An act relating to the State Advisory Panel on Special Education
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to appointing town agents. Description: An act relating to appointing town agents
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to increasing the number of examiners on the Board of Bar Examiners from nine to 11 members. Description: An act relating to increasing the number of examiners on the Board of Bar Examiners from nine to 11 members
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous provisions affecting navigators, Medicaid records, and the Department of Vermont Health Access. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous provisions affecting navigators, Medicaid records, and the Department of Vermont Health Access
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the regulation of neonicotinoid pesticides. Description: An act relating to the regulation of neonicotinoid pesticides
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the Office of the Child Advocate. Description: An act relating to the Office of the Child Advocate
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to lead poisoning prevention. Description: An act relating to lead poisoning prevention
In 2019, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to repealing the sunset of the authority to conduct on-farm slaughter. Description: An act relating to repealing the sunset of the authority to conduct on-farm slaughter
In 2019, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act related to the Reach Up and Reach Ahead pilot program. Description: An act related to the Reach Up and Reach Ahead pilot program
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to adequate shelter for livestock. Description: An act relating to adequate shelter for livestock
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Farm-to-Plate Investment Program. Description: An act relating to the Farm-to-Plate Investment Program
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to acknowledgment or denial of parentage. Description: An act relating to acknowledgment or denial of parentage
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to small probate estates. Description: An act relating to small probate estates
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous natural resources and energy subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous natural resources and energy subjects
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to aggravated murder for killing a firefighter or an emergency medical provider. Description: An act relating to aggravated murder for killing a firefighter or an emergency medical provider
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to repealing the statute of limitations for civil actions based on childhood sexual abuse. Description: An act relating to repealing the statute of limitations for civil actions based on childhood sexual abuse
In 2019, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to qualification for a public defender. Description: An act relating to qualification for a public defender
In 2019, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance, and ski tramway amendments. Description: An act relating to workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance, and ski tramway amendments
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to technical corrections. Description: An act relating to technical corrections
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the disposition of the remains of veterans. Description: An act relating to the disposition of the remains of veterans
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children. Description: An act relating to the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to a uniform process for foreign credential verification in the Office of Professional Regulation. Description: An act relating to a uniform process for foreign credential verification in the Office of Professional Regulation
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to international wills. Description: An act relating to international wills
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Board of Medical Practice and the licensure of physicians and podiatrists. Description: An act relating to the Board of Medical Practice and the licensure of physicians and podiatrists
In 2019, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the Home Weatherization Assistance Program. Description: An act relating to the Home Weatherization Assistance Program
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to sealing and expungement of criminal history records. Description: An act relating to sealing and expungement of criminal history records
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Bennington. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Bennington
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to criminal statutes of limitations. Description: An act relating to criminal statutes of limitations
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous court and Judiciary related amendments. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous court and Judiciary related amendments
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to broadband deployment throughout Vermont. Description: An act relating to broadband deployment throughout Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous tax provisions. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous tax provisions
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to fair and impartial policing. Description: An act relating to fair and impartial policing
In 2019, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to amending the special education laws. Description: An act relating to amending the special education laws
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to the State’s retirement systems. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to the State’s retirement systems
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to health insurance and the individual mandate. Description: An act relating to health insurance and the individual mandate
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to town clerk recording fees and town restoration and preservation reserve funds. Description: An act relating to town clerk recording fees and town restoration and preservation reserve funds
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Executive Branch and Judicial Branch fees. Description: An act relating to Executive Branch and Judicial Branch fees
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Rural Health Services Task Force. Description: An act relating to the Rural Health Services Task Force
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Transportation Program and miscellaneous changes to laws related to transportation. Description: An act relating to the Transportation Program and miscellaneous changes to laws related to transportation
In 2019, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to the qualifications and election of the Adjutant and Inspector General. Description: An act relating to the qualifications and election of the Adjutant and Inspector General
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to fiscal year 2019 budget adjustments. Description: An act relating to fiscal year 2019 budget adjustments
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to workforce development. Description: An act relating to workforce development
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to education finance. Description: An act relating to education finance
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Stowe and to the merger of the Town and the Stowe Fire District No. 3. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the Town of Stowe and to the merger of the Town and the Stowe Fire District No. 3
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of the amendments to the charter of the Town of Williston. Description: An act relating to approval of the amendments to the charter of the Town of Williston
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to changes that affect the revenue of the State. Description: An act relating to changes that affect the revenue of the State
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to making appropriations for the support of government. Description: An act relating to making appropriations for the support of government
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to capital construction and State bonding. Description: An act relating to capital construction and State bonding
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of Burlington. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of Burlington
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to human trafficking and prostitution. Description: An act relating to human trafficking and prostitution
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the City of Montpelier. Description: An act relating to approval of an amendment to the charter of the City of Montpelier
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of the dissolution of Rutland Fire District No. 10. Description: An act relating to approval of the dissolution of Rutland Fire District No. 10
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Vermont Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Pollution Control Revolving Fund. Description: An act relating to the Vermont Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Pollution Control Revolving Fund
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of the dissolution of the Village of Perkinsville and the merger of the Village with the Town of Weathersfield. Description: An act relating to approval of the dissolution of the Village of Perkinsville and the merger of the Village with the Town of Weathersfield
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the authority of nonprofits to sell food concessions on State-owned lands within the jurisdiction of the Department of Buildings and General Services. Description: An act relating to the authority of nonprofits to sell food concessions on State-owned lands within the jurisdiction of the Department of Buildings and General Services
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to municipal regulation of livestock running at large. Description: An act relating to municipal regulation of livestock running at large
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to exempting the Victims Compensation Board from the Open Meeting Law. Description: An act relating to exempting the Victims Compensation Board from the Open Meeting Law
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the definition of agricultural land for the purposes of use value appraisals. Description: An act relating to the definition of agricultural land for the purposes of use value appraisals
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Maternal Mortality Review Panel. Description: An act relating to the Maternal Mortality Review Panel
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to proof of financial responsibility. Description: An act relating to proof of financial responsibility
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to establishing a classification system for criminal offenses. Description: An act relating to establishing a classification system for criminal offenses
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to regulating storage units. Description: An act relating to regulating storage units
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to increasing the supply of nurses and primary care providers in Vermont. Description: An act relating to increasing the supply of nurses and primary care providers in Vermont
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to incompatible local offices. Description: An act relating to incompatible local offices
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Older Vermonters Act. Description: An act relating to the Older Vermonters Act
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to permitted candidate expenditures. Description: An act relating to permitted candidate expenditures
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to regulation of long-term care facilities. Description: An act relating to regulation of long-term care facilities
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to banking and insurance. Description: An act relating to banking and insurance
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to boards and commissions. Description: An act relating to boards and commissions
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous agricultural subjects
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to expanding access to contraceptives. Description: An act relating to expanding access to contraceptives
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to tree wardens. Description: An act relating to tree wardens
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the definition of housesite for use value appraisals. Description: An act relating to the definition of housesite for use value appraisals
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to government operations in response to the COVID-19 outbreak. Description: An act relating to government operations in response to the COVID-19 outbreak
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the protection of migratory birds. Description: An act relating to the protection of migratory birds
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to limiting liability for agritourism. Description: An act relating to limiting liability for agritourism
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Abenaki hunting and fishing licenses. Description: An act relating to Abenaki hunting and fishing licenses
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the Department of Libraries. Description: An act relating to the Department of Libraries
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to telehealth. Description: An act relating to telehealth
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to veteran status inquiries on program and service intake forms. Description: An act relating to veteran status inquiries on program and service intake forms
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the miscellaneous changes affecting the duties of the Department of Vermont Health Access. Description: An act relating to the miscellaneous changes affecting the duties of the Department of Vermont Health Access
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting certain provisions in dental insurance contracts with dentists. Description: An act relating to prohibiting certain provisions in dental insurance contracts with dentists
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to changes to the Nuclear Decommissioning Citizens Advisory Panel. Description: An act relating to changes to the Nuclear Decommissioning Citizens Advisory Panel
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to criminal record checks on contractors working in State-owned or -leased facilities. Description: An act relating to criminal record checks on contractors working in State-owned or -leased facilities
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Vermont's response to COVID-19. Description: An act relating to Vermont's response to COVID-19
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to creating a National Guard provost marshal. Description: An act relating to creating a National Guard provost marshal
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to restructuring and reorganizing General Assembly staff offices. Description: An act relating to restructuring and reorganizing General Assembly staff offices
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to fiscal year 2020 budget adjustments. Description: An act relating to fiscal year 2020 budget adjustments
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to technical corrections for the 2020 legislative session. Description: An act relating to technical corrections for the 2020 legislative session
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the powers and duties of the Auditor of Accounts. Description: An act relating to the powers and duties of the Auditor of Accounts
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to increasing hospital price transparency, hospital sustainability planning, provider sustainability and reimbursements, and regulators' access to information. Description: An act relating to increasing hospital price transparency, hospital sustainability planning, provider sustainability and reimbursements, and regulators' access to information
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to surface water diversions and financial surety requirements for holding tanks. Description: An act relating to surface water diversions and financial surety requirements for holding tanks
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to enhanced life estate deeds. Description: An act relating to enhanced life estate deeds
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Abenaki place names on State park signs. Description: An act relating to Abenaki place names on State park signs
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to expanding access to adult technical education equipment funding. Description: An act relating to expanding access to adult technical education equipment funding
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to the Vermont State Employees’ Retirement System. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to the Vermont State Employees’ Retirement System
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to employee misclassification. Description: An act relating to employee misclassification
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to technical corrections to municipal charters. Description: An act relating to technical corrections to municipal charters
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to renter rebate reform. Description: An act relating to renter rebate reform
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to sexual exploitation of children. Description: An act relating to sexual exploitation of children
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Transportation Program and miscellaneous changes to laws related to transportation. Description: An act relating to the Transportation Program and miscellaneous changes to laws related to transportation
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of St. Albans. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charter of the City of St. Albans
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of the adoption of the charter of the Town of Elmore. Description: An act relating to approval of the adoption of the charter of the Town of Elmore
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to temporary municipal tax rate provisions in response to COVID-19. Description: An act relating to temporary municipal tax rate provisions in response to COVID-19
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to temporary municipal proceedings provisions in response to the COVID-19 outbreak. Description: An act relating to temporary municipal proceedings provisions in response to the COVID-19 outbreak
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to allowing remote witnesses for advance directives for a limited time. Description: An act relating to allowing remote witnesses for advance directives for a limited time
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the municipal emergency statewide education property tax borrowing program. Description: An act relating to the municipal emergency statewide education property tax borrowing program
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charters of the City of Burlington and the City of Barre. Description: An act relating to approval of amendments to the charters of the City of Burlington and the City of Barre
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to fiscal year 2020 supplemental budget adjustments. Description: An act relating to fiscal year 2020 supplemental budget adjustments
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous tax provisions. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous tax provisions
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to capital construction and State bonding budget adjustment. Description: An act relating to capital construction and State bonding budget adjustment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to alcoholic beverage laws. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous amendments to alcoholic beverage laws
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to extending the deadline to test for lead in the drinking water of school buildings and child care facilities. Description: An act relating to extending the deadline to test for lead in the drinking water of school buildings and child care facilities
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to communications union districts. Description: An act relating to communications union districts
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to education property tax. Description: An act relating to education property tax
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous health care provisions. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous health care provisions
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to making first quarter fiscal year 2021 appropriations for the support of State government, federal Coronavirus Relief Fund (CRF) appropriations, pay act appropriations, and other fiscal requirements for the first part of the fiscal year. Description: An act relating to making first quarter fiscal year 2021 appropriations for the support of State government, federal Coronavirus Relief Fund (CRF) appropriations, pay act appropriations, and other fiscal requirements for the first part of the fiscal year
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the duration of temporary relief from abuse orders. Description: An act relating to the duration of temporary relief from abuse orders
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to sunsets related to judiciary procedures. Description: An act relating to sunsets related to judiciary procedures
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to health care- and human services-related appropriations from the Coronavirus Relief Fund. Description: An act relating to health care- and human services-related appropriations from the Coronavirus Relief Fund
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to COVID-19 funding and assistance for broadband connectivity, housing, and economic relief. Description: An act relating to COVID-19 funding and assistance for broadband connectivity, housing, and economic relief
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the provision of child care at family child care homes during remote learning days. Description: An act relating to the provision of child care at family child care homes during remote learning days
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to the Vermont Coronavirus Economic Stimulus Equity Program. Description: An act relating to the Vermont Coronavirus Economic Stimulus Equity Program
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to making appropriations for the support of government. Description: An act relating to making appropriations for the support of government
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to social service integration with Vermont's health care system. Description: An act relating to social service integration with Vermont's health care system
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to limiting senatorial districts to a maximum of three members. Description: An act relating to limiting senatorial districts to a maximum of three members
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to extending the moratorium on home health agency certificates of need. Description: An act relating to extending the moratorium on home health agency certificates of need
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to consumer justice enforcement. Description: An act relating to consumer justice enforcement
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to a report on racial equity and bias in the Department of Corrections. Description: An act relating to a report on racial equity and bias in the Department of Corrections
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to maintaining the home health agency provider tax. Description: An act relating to maintaining the home health agency provider tax
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the regulation of hydrofluorocarbons. Description: An act relating to the regulation of hydrofluorocarbons
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to informed health care financial decision making and the consent policy for the Vermont Health Information Exchange. Description: An act relating to informed health care financial decision making and the consent policy for the Vermont Health Information Exchange
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to testing and remediation of lead in the drinking water of schools and child care facilities. Description: An act relating to testing and remediation of lead in the drinking water of schools and child care facilities
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to regulating entities that administer tax-advantaged accounts for health-related expenses. Description: An act relating to regulating entities that administer tax-advantaged accounts for health-related expenses
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to limiting prior authorization requirements for medication-assisted treatment. Description: An act relating to limiting prior authorization requirements for medication-assisted treatment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the regulation of polyfluoroalkyl substances in drinking and surface waters. Description: An act relating to the regulation of polyfluoroalkyl substances in drinking and surface waters
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to determining the proportion of health care spending allocated to primary care. Description: An act relating to determining the proportion of health care spending allocated to primary care
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the regulation of cannabis. Description: An act relating to the regulation of cannabis
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the regulation of toxic substances and hazardous materials. Description: An act relating to the regulation of toxic substances and hazardous materials
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the State hemp program. Description: An act relating to the State hemp program
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to the creation of the Sports Betting Study Committee. Description: An act relating to the creation of the Sports Betting Study Committee
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to Indigenous Peoples’ Day. Description: An act relating to Indigenous Peoples’ Day
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to licensure of ambulatory surgical centers. Description: An act relating to licensure of ambulatory surgical centers
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to captive insurance companies and risk retention groups. Description: An act relating to captive insurance companies and risk retention groups
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to increasing the legal age for buying and using cigarettes, electronic cigarettes, and other tobacco products from 18 to 21 years of age. Description: An act relating to increasing the legal age for buying and using cigarettes, electronic cigarettes, and other tobacco products from 18 to 21 years of age
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to allowing reflective health benefit plans at all metal levels. Description: An act relating to allowing reflective health benefit plans at all metal levels
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to municipal utility capital investment. Description: An act relating to municipal utility capital investment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the provision of water quality services. Description: An act relating to the provision of water quality services
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to spousal support and maintenance reform. Description: An act relating to spousal support and maintenance reform
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous judiciary procedures. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous judiciary procedures
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to elections corrections. Description: An act relating to elections corrections
In 2010, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to data privacy and consumer protection. Description: An act relating to data privacy and consumer protection
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs’ Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry. Description: An act relating to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs’ Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to earned good time. Description: An act relating to earned good time
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the management of single-use products. Description: An act relating to the management of single-use products
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the emergency judicial response to the COVID-19 public health emergency. Description: An act relating to the emergency judicial response to the COVID-19 public health emergency
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the time frame for the adoption of administrative rules. Description: An act relating to the time frame for the adoption of administrative rules
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to a statewide standard and policy for law enforcement use of force. Description: An act relating to a statewide standard and policy for law enforcement use of force
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to governmental structures protecting the public health, safety and welfare. Description: An act relating to governmental structures protecting the public health, safety and welfare
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to Vermont’s adoption of the interstate Nurse Licensure Compact. Description: An act relating to Vermont’s adoption of the interstate Nurse Licensure Compact
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to physician assistant licensure. Description: An act relating to physician assistant licensure
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to insurance and securities. Description: An act relating to insurance and securities
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to juvenile jurisdiction. Description: An act relating to juvenile jurisdiction
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to background investigations for State employees with access to federal tax information. Description: An act relating to background investigations for State employees with access to federal tax information
In 2019, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to nutritional requirements for children’s meals. Description: An act relating to nutritional requirements for children’s meals
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to substance misuse prevention. Description: An act relating to substance misuse prevention
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to laws related to vehicles and the Department of Motor Vehicles. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to laws related to vehicles and the Department of Motor Vehicles
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous banking provisions. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous banking provisions
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to agricultural development. Description: An act relating to agricultural development
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to promoting economic development. Description: An act relating to promoting economic development
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to reforming the State Board of Education. Description: An act relating to reforming the State Board of Education
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to government operations regarding emergency medical services and public safety in response to COVID-19. Description: An act relating to government operations regarding emergency medical services and public safety in response to COVID-19
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to adopting a climate change response plan and regional planning commission involvement in identifying health care-related needs. Description: An act relating to adopting a climate change response plan and regional planning commission involvement in identifying health care-related needs
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to transient occupancy for health care treatment and recovery. Description: An act relating to transient occupancy for health care treatment and recovery
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to the Standard Offer Program. Description: An act relating to the Standard Offer Program
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to prohibiting discrimination based on genetic information. Description: An act relating to prohibiting discrimination based on genetic information
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to addressing racial bias and excessive use of force by law enforcement. Description: An act relating to addressing racial bias and excessive use of force by law enforcement
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to professional regulation. Description: An act relating to professional regulation
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to making miscellaneous changes to education laws. Description: An act relating to making miscellaneous changes to education laws
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to the provision of personal care products by lodging establishments. Description: An act relating to the provision of personal care products by lodging establishments
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to implementing the expansion of juvenile jurisdiction. Description: An act relating to implementing the expansion of juvenile jurisdiction
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to uniform licensing standards. Description: An act relating to uniform licensing standards
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous judiciary procedures. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous judiciary procedures
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to promoting affordable housing. Description: An act relating to promoting affordable housing
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to recruiting new remote workers and new relocating workers. Description: An act relating to recruiting new remote workers and new relocating workers
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to establishing the Emergency Service Provider Wellness Commission. Description: An act relating to establishing the Emergency Service Provider Wellness Commission
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to union organizing. Description: An act relating to union organizing
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to captive insurance. Description: An act relating to captive insurance
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the Town of Hartford’s tax increment financing district. Description: An act relating to the Town of Hartford’s tax increment financing district
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to expanding access to expungement and sealing of criminal history records. Description: An act relating to expanding access to expungement and sealing of criminal history records
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to restrictions on perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances and other chemicals of concern in consumer products. Description: An act relating to restrictions on perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances and other chemicals of concern in consumer products
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous telecommunications changes. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous telecommunications changes
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to execution of wills during an emergency. Description: An act relating to execution of wills during an emergency
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to the State Advisory Panel on Special Education. Description: An act relating to the State Advisory Panel on Special Education
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to establishing a moratorium on ejectment and foreclosure actions during the COVID-19 emergency. Description: An act relating to establishing a moratorium on ejectment and foreclosure actions during the COVID-19 emergency
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to energy efficiency entities and programs to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the thermal energy and transportation sectors. Description: An act relating to energy efficiency entities and programs to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the thermal energy and transportation sectors
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to justice reinvestment. Description: An act relating to justice reinvestment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to laws related to vehicles. Description: An act relating to miscellaneous changes to laws related to vehicles
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to FY 2020 interfund borrowing authority. Description: An act relating to FY 2020 interfund borrowing authority
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to disclosure of tax information to facilitate the provision of Pandemic Unemployment Assistance benefits. Description: An act relating to disclosure of tax information to facilitate the provision of Pandemic Unemployment Assistance benefits
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to temporary workers’ compensation amendments related to COVID-19. Description: An act relating to temporary workers’ compensation amendments related to COVID-19
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to delaying special education changes due to the COVID-19 state of emergency. Description: An act relating to delaying special education changes due to the COVID-19 state of emergency
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to temporary municipal tax rate provisions in response to COVID-19. Description: An act relating to temporary municipal tax rate provisions in response to COVID-19
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to temporary municipal provisions in response to the COVID-19 outbreak. Description: An act relating to temporary municipal provisions in response to the COVID-19 outbreak
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to creating the COVID-19 Essential Employees Hazard Grant Program. Description: An act relating to creating the COVID-19 Essential Employees Hazard Grant Program
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to suspension of time frames for civil license suspension hearings for certain DUI offenses. Description: An act relating to suspension of time frames for civil license suspension hearings for certain DUI offenses
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to temporary elections procedures in the year 2020. Description: An act relating to temporary elections procedures in the year 2020
In 2020, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: An act relating to emergency funding for local government. Description: An act relating to emergency funding for local government
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to creating emergency economic recovery grants. Description: An act relating to creating emergency economic recovery grants
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to providing financial relief assistance to the agricultural community due to the COVID-19 public health emergency. Description: An act relating to providing financial relief assistance to the agricultural community due to the COVID-19 public health emergency
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to making certain amendments to the Front-Line Employees Hazard Pay Grant Program. Description: An act relating to making certain amendments to the Front-Line Employees Hazard Pay Grant Program
In 2020, Vermont engrossed a bill titled: An act relating to expanding the Front-Line Employees Hazard Pay Grant Program. Description: An act relating to expanding the Front-Line Employees Hazard Pay Grant Program
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: An act relating to using Australian ballot for municipal meetings in the year 2021. Description: An act relating to using Australian ballot for municipal meetings in the year 2021
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution to amend Rule 25 of the Rules and Orders of the House of Representatives pertaining to the number of members on standing committees. Description: House resolution to amend Rule 25 of the Rules and Orders of the House of Representatives pertaining to the number of members on standing committees
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution expressing solidarity with our federal workforce and urging Congress and the President to keep the federal government open. Description: House resolution expressing solidarity with our federal workforce and urging Congress and the President to keep the federal government open
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution celebrating the 40th anniversary of the federal Taiwan Relations Act and supporting Taiwan’s inclusion in various international organizations. Description: House resolution celebrating the 40th anniversary of the federal Taiwan Relations Act and supporting Taiwan’s inclusion in various international organizations
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution expressing support for the welcoming and settling of refugees in the United States. Description: House resolution expressing support for the welcoming and settling of refugees in the United States
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution urging that for the duration of the pandemic emergency, the federal government refrain from arresting or detaining individuals based on their immigration status in any healthcare settings and suspend implementation of the Inadmissibility on Public Charge Grounds Rule. Description: House resolution urging that for the duration of the pandemic emergency, the federal government refrain from arresting or detaining individuals based on their immigration status in any healthcare settings and suspend implementation of the Inadmissibility on Public Charge Grounds Rule
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution declaring a state of emergency. Description: House resolution declaring a state of emergency
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution allowing for committee members to vote remotely during the current declared emergency. Description: House resolution allowing for committee members to vote remotely during the current declared emergency
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution allowing for remote participation during the current declared emergency. Description: House resolution allowing for remote participation during the current declared emergency
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution extending the House declaring a state of emergency. Description: House resolution extending the House declaring a state of emergency
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution extending the House Declaration of a State of Emergency. Description: House resolution extending the House Declaration of a State of Emergency
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution commemorating the 155th anniversary of Juneteenth and recognizing our State's and nation's continuing struggle for racial equality. Description: House resolution commemorating the 155th anniversary of Juneteenth and recognizing our State's and nation's continuing struggle for racial equality
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution allowing for the House of Representatives to vote remotely to extend the House Declaration of Emergency. Description: House resolution allowing for the House of Representatives to vote remotely to extend the House Declaration of Emergency
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution extending the House declaring a state of emergency. Description: House resolution extending the House declaring a state of emergency
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House resolution expressing sincere appreciation for the extraordinary legislative staff support provided during the COVID-19 pandemic. Description: House resolution expressing sincere appreciation for the extraordinary legislative staff support provided during the COVID-19 pandemic
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution congratulating Dick Mazza's General Store on its 65th anniversary. Description: Senate resolution congratulating Dick Mazza's General Store on its 65th anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to the rules of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to the rules of the Senate
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to inform the Governor of the organization of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to inform the Governor of the organization of the Senate
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to informing the House of the organization of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to informing the House of the organization of the Senate
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution congratulating Dick Mazza’s General Store on its 65th anniversary. Description: Senate resolution congratulating Dick Mazza’s General Store on its 65th anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution congratulating the Village Harmony choral music organization on its 30th anniversary. Description: Senate resolution congratulating the Village Harmony choral music organization on its 30th anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to amending the permanent rules of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to amending the permanent rules of the Senate
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to the adoption of an emergency temporary Rule 29A. Description: Senate resolution relating to the adoption of an emergency temporary Rule 29A
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to temporarily amending the rules of the Senate to include rules during Declared Emergencies. Description: Senate resolution relating to temporarily amending the rules of the Senate to include rules during Declared Emergencies
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate resolution relating to amending temporary Rule 10A of the Senate. Description: Senate resolution relating to amending temporary Rule 10A of the Senate
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Newport City Fire Department Lieutenant James LeClair Jr. and Firefighter Ryan Abel on their successful September 2018 rescue effort. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Newport City Fire Department Lieutenant James LeClair Jr. and Firefighter Ryan Abel on their successful September 2018 rescue effort
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 2019 as School Board Recognition Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 2019 as School Board Recognition Month in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Winston Prouty Center for Child and Family Development on its 50th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Winston Prouty Center for Child and Family Development on its 50th anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Mary Ann Dion for her leadership in the Vermont insurance industry. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Mary Ann Dion for her leadership in the Vermont insurance industry
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Trevor Whipple on the completion of his extraordinary law enforcement career. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Trevor Whipple on the completion of his extraordinary law enforcement career
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 16, 2019 as Homelessness Awareness Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 16, 2019 as Homelessness Awareness Day at the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Essex High School Hornets girls’ volleyball team on winning its second consecutive State championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Essex High School Hornets girls’ volleyball team on winning its second consecutive State championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing January as National Stalking Awareness Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing January as National Stalking Awareness Month in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Representative James O’Neill Condon of Colchester. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Representative James O’Neill Condon of Colchester
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Team Mooney of the Rutland Rocks Curling Club on winning the 2018 Grand National Curling Club Arena Championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Team Mooney of the Rutland Rocks Curling Club on winning the 2018 Grand National Curling Club Arena Championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Jamie Heath of Barre for her personal perseverance and unique literary contribution to the Make-A-Wish Foundation. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Jamie Heath of Barre for her personal perseverance and unique literary contribution to the Make-A-Wish Foundation
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the important health care contribution of Nurse Anesthetists in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the important health care contribution of Nurse Anesthetists in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 23, 2019 as Vermont Retired State Employees Association Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 23, 2019 as Vermont Retired State Employees Association Day at the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the important work of MENTOR Vermont and designating January 23, 2019 as Mentoring Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the important work of MENTOR Vermont and designating January 23, 2019 as Mentoring Day at the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring James Hathaway for his dedication to improving the lives of children. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring James Hathaway for his dedication to improving the lives of children
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Women’s Community Club of Grafton on its centennial. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Women’s Community Club of Grafton on its centennial
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Essex High School Hornets boys’ cross country team on winning a second consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Essex High School Hornets boys’ cross country team on winning a second consecutive Division I championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating American Legion Pierce Lawton Post #37 in Bellows Falls on its centennial. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating American Legion Pierce Lawton Post #37 in Bellows Falls on its centennial
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Vermont Army National Guard Sergeant First Class Damien Larose of Westford for his fire rescue bravery. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Vermont Army National Guard Sergeant First Class Damien Larose of Westford for his fire rescue bravery
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks girls’ cross-country team on a historic 2018 championship season. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks girls’ cross-country team on a historic 2018 championship season
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Kelly Brush Foundation for its contributions to adaptive sports and the safety of ski racing. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Kelly Brush Foundation for its contributions to adaptive sports and the safety of ski racing
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks girls’ soccer team on winning its second consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks girls’ soccer team on winning its second consecutive Division I championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating Wednesday, January 30, 2019 as Mental Health Advocacy Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating Wednesday, January 30, 2019 as Mental Health Advocacy Day at the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Aaron Adler for his exemplary public service as an attorney in Vermont State government. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Aaron Adler for his exemplary public service as an attorney in Vermont State government
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 25, 2019 as Vermont Pharmacists Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 25, 2019 as Vermont Pharmacists Day at the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Representative and Groton Town Moderator Mary E. Grant for her exemplary career in community and public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Representative and Groton Town Moderator Mary E. Grant for her exemplary career in community and public service
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Forrest B. Randall of Springfield for his leadership in solid waste management governance. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Forrest B. Randall of Springfield for his leadership in solid waste management governance
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Drake Hull of Rutland on winning the Vermont Golf Association’s 2018 Vermont Amateur Golf Championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Drake Hull of Rutland on winning the Vermont Golf Association’s 2018 Vermont Amateur Golf Championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Harwood Union High School Highlanders Division II championship girls' cross-country team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Harwood Union High School Highlanders Division II championship girls' cross-country team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Harwood Union High School Highlanders Division II championship boys’ soccer team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Harwood Union High School Highlanders Division II championship boys’ soccer team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Bellows Falls Union High School Terriers Division I championship field hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Bellows Falls Union High School Terriers Division I championship field hockey team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Eric Maxham on establishing a new Vermont boys’ soccer goal-scoring record and his father, Scott Maxham, on the conclusion of his outstanding West Rutland coaching career. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Eric Maxham on establishing a new Vermont boys’ soccer goal-scoring record and his father, Scott Maxham, on the conclusion of his outstanding West Rutland coaching career
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks on winning their third consecutive boys’ volleyball State championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks on winning their third consecutive boys’ volleyball State championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing February 1, 2019 as Wear Red for Women Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing February 1, 2019 as Wear Red for Women Day at the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating Wednesday, February 6, 2019 as Farm-to-School Awareness Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating Wednesday, February 6, 2019 as Farm-to-School Awareness Day at the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Woodstock Union High School Wasps Division III championship football team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Woodstock Union High School Wasps Division III championship football team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating Thursday, February 14, 2019 as Suicide Prevention Awareness Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating Thursday, February 14, 2019 as Suicide Prevention Awareness Day at the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the bicentennial of Norwich University. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the bicentennial of Norwich University
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Milton High School Yellowjackets on achieving a fourth consecutive Division II girls’ soccer championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Milton High School Yellowjackets on achieving a fourth consecutive Division II girls’ soccer championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Berlin and Northfield Chief of Police William Michael Jennings. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Berlin and Northfield Chief of Police William Michael Jennings
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Scott Skinner of Middlesex. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Scott Skinner of Middlesex
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Cornelius Hogan of Plainfield. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Cornelius Hogan of Plainfield
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont Center for Independent Living on its 40th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont Center for Independent Living on its 40th anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of community volunteer and restorative justice advocate Susan Kendall Wisehart of Waterville. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of community volunteer and restorative justice advocate Susan Kendall Wisehart of Waterville
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 class of Eagle Scouts in the State of Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 class of Eagle Scouts in the State of Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of U.S. Navy Commander Robert Healy Eastman III. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of U.S. Navy Commander Robert Healy Eastman III
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Mariette Bock for her extraordinary devotion to the Whiting Library in Chester. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Mariette Bock for her extraordinary devotion to the Whiting Library in Chester
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Susan and Richard Collitt for their 40-plus years of dedicated proprietorship of the Ripton Country Store.. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Susan and Richard Collitt for their 40-plus years of dedicated proprietorship of the Ripton Country Store.
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Maddie Folsom on being named the 2018 Vermont Gatorade Girls’ Volleyball Player of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Maddie Folsom on being named the 2018 Vermont Gatorade Girls’ Volleyball Player of the Year
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Harwood Union High School Highlanders Division II championship boys’ lacrosse team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Harwood Union High School Highlanders Division II championship boys’ lacrosse team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Foster Brothers Farm of Addison County on being named the 2019 Innovative Dairy Farmer of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Foster Brothers Farm of Addison County on being named the 2019 Innovative Dairy Farmer of the Year
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Rutland Town municipal leader Richard S. Lloyd. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Rutland Town municipal leader Richard S. Lloyd
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Thetford Academy on the observance of its bicentennial. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Thetford Academy on the observance of its bicentennial
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the importance of Public, Educational, and Government Access cable television channels and their associated Community Media Access Centers. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the importance of Public, Educational, and Government Access cable television channels and their associated Community Media Access Centers
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Vermont Court Diversion on its 40th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Vermont Court Diversion on its 40th anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Garry Montague on the conclusion of 53 years as a barber and 47 years as the owner of Garry’s Barbershop in Essex Junction. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Garry Montague on the conclusion of 53 years as a barber and 47 years as the owner of Garry’s Barbershop in Essex Junction
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Floyd W. Van Alstyne for his six decades of civic leadership in the Town of Barnard. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Floyd W. Van Alstyne for his six decades of civic leadership in the Town of Barnard
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Pittsfield Town Clerk Patty Haskins for her exemplary municipal public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Pittsfield Town Clerk Patty Haskins for her exemplary municipal public service
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Rutland Herald reporter and Renaissance man Bernard H. Crosier. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Rutland Herald reporter and Renaissance man Bernard H. Crosier
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Bridport Selectboard member Thomas Carey Howlett for his outstanding community service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Bridport Selectboard member Thomas Carey Howlett for his outstanding community service
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Betty Bell of New Haven for her devoted community leadership. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Betty Bell of New Haven for her devoted community leadership
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Richard Cutler Pembroke Sr. of Bennington. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Richard Cutler Pembroke Sr. of Bennington
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring firefighter extraordinaire and former Marshfield Moderator Tom Maclay. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring firefighter extraordinaire and former Marshfield Moderator Tom Maclay
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Charles Bothfeld of Cabot on his 100th birthday. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Charles Bothfeld of Cabot on his 100th birthday
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Jon Wilbur on achieving a perfect 900 bowling score. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Jon Wilbur on achieving a perfect 900 bowling score
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Vernon’s extraordinary resident historian Barbara Ann Emery Moseley. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Vernon’s extraordinary resident historian Barbara Ann Emery Moseley
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating March 13, 2019 as the 25th Early Childhood Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating March 13, 2019 as the 25th Early Childhood Day at the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating Tuesday, March 19, 2019 as Project Trio Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating Tuesday, March 19, 2019 as Project Trio Day at the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Cabot Creamery Co-operative on its centennial. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Cabot Creamery Co-operative on its centennial
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the St. Albans Cooperative Creamery on its centennial. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the St. Albans Cooperative Creamery on its centennial
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Dr. Dennis LeBlanc for his four decades of outstanding dental service in Derby. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Dr. Dennis LeBlanc for his four decades of outstanding dental service in Derby
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring civic activist Shirley Searles Squires of Guilford. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring civic activist Shirley Searles Squires of Guilford
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Windsor High School Division III championship baseball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Windsor High School Division III championship baseball team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Mt. Abraham Union High School Eagles Division II championship field hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Mt. Abraham Union High School Eagles Division II championship field hockey team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Brookfield Ice Harvest at the Floating Bridge on its 40th anniversary and honoring the event’s founder, Al Wilder. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Brookfield Ice Harvest at the Floating Bridge on its 40th anniversary and honoring the event’s founder, Al Wilder
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks Division I championship boys’ soccer team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks Division I championship boys’ soccer team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating The Pharmacy in Bennington and its founding pharmacists, Philip J. O’Neill and Edward P. Molloy, on the retailer’s 50th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating The Pharmacy in Bennington and its founding pharmacists, Philip J. O’Neill and Edward P. Molloy, on the retailer’s 50th anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Bennington Project Independence on its 40th anniversary and the 10th anniversary of its home at the Dr. Richard A. Sleeman Center. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Bennington Project Independence on its 40th anniversary and the 10th anniversary of its home at the Dr. Richard A. Sleeman Center
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 15, 2019 as Brain Injury Awareness Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 15, 2019 as Brain Injury Awareness Day in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Norwich University professor and Northfield civic leader Donald MacPherson Wallace Jr.. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Norwich University professor and Northfield civic leader Donald MacPherson Wallace Jr.
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating March 12, 2019 as Vermont Lions Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating March 12, 2019 as Vermont Lions Day at the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Daniel Roberts on his half century of exemplary service as a Tunbridge volunteer firefighter. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Daniel Roberts on his half century of exemplary service as a Tunbridge volunteer firefighter
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Assistant Sergeant at Arms and Head Doorkeeper Laurence A. Wade Sr. of East Barre. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Assistant Sergeant at Arms and Head Doorkeeper Laurence A. Wade Sr. of East Barre
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Poultney civic leader and esteemed educator Francis Fressie. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Poultney civic leader and esteemed educator Francis Fressie
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring pharmacist, entrepreneur, and community leader Frank Buonincontro of Bristol. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring pharmacist, entrepreneur, and community leader Frank Buonincontro of Bristol
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Weybridge’s creative volunteer Michael A. Newkirk. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Weybridge’s creative volunteer Michael A. Newkirk
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 2019 as National Social Work Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing March 2019 as National Social Work Month in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating Friday, March 29, 2019 as Alzheimer’s Awareness Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating Friday, March 29, 2019 as Alzheimer’s Awareness Day at the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Lyndon Justice of the Peace Edith Bell-Brown. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Lyndon Justice of the Peace Edith Bell-Brown
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Vermont Economic Development Authority Chief Executive Officer Rosalea Bradley for her dynamic and innovative leadership. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Vermont Economic Development Authority Chief Executive Officer Rosalea Bradley for her dynamic and innovative leadership
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Vermont Prudential Spirit of Community Awards Honorees and Distinguished Finalists. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Vermont Prudential Spirit of Community Awards Honorees and Distinguished Finalists
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Richard E. Prentiss on 50 years of dedicated firefighting service in the Town of Bennington. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Richard E. Prentiss on 50 years of dedicated firefighting service in the Town of Bennington
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating William Kinney on 50 years of outstanding firefighting service in the Town of Bennington. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating William Kinney on 50 years of outstanding firefighting service in the Town of Bennington
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots on winning their historic 31st consecutive State wrestling championship and 100th school victory. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots on winning their historic 31st consecutive State wrestling championship and 100th school victory
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Charles Harvey on 50 years of exemplary firefighting service in the Town of Bennington. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Charles Harvey on 50 years of exemplary firefighting service in the Town of Bennington
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots Division I boys’ Nordic skiing championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Mt. Anthony Union High School Patriots Division I boys’ Nordic skiing championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Sylvia Rita Kennedy of Chelsea. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Sylvia Rita Kennedy of Chelsea
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Ken Tohinaka. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Ken Tohinaka
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Outright Vermont on its 30th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Outright Vermont on its 30th anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing March as Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing March as Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 19–25, 2019 as National Public Works Week in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing May 19–25, 2019 as National Public Works Week in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing former Representative Ann Seibert of Norwich for her leadership in the enactment of anti-smoking legislation in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing former Representative Ann Seibert of Norwich for her leadership in the enactment of anti-smoking legislation in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Ted’s Pizza Shop in Rutland on its 60th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Ted’s Pizza Shop in Rutland on its 60th anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the American Legion on its centennial. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the American Legion on its centennial
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Fair Haven Union High School Slaters Division II girls’ basketball championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Fair Haven Union High School Slaters Division II girls’ basketball championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Bellows Falls Union High School Head Field Hockey Coach Bethany Coursen on being named the MAX Field Hockey 2018 Vermont State Coach of the Year and the New England Region Coach of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Bellows Falls Union High School Head Field Hockey Coach Bethany Coursen on being named the MAX Field Hockey 2018 Vermont State Coach of the Year and the New England Region Coach of the Year
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Robert S. Thorn Jr. for his innovative leadership as a mental health administrator, counselor, and educator. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Robert S. Thorn Jr. for his innovative leadership as a mental health administrator, counselor, and educator
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 West Rutland High School Golden Horde Division IV girls’ basketball championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 West Rutland High School Golden Horde Division IV girls’ basketball championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Thetford Academy Panthers Division III girls’ basketball championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Thetford Academy Panthers Division III girls’ basketball championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Thetford Academy Panthers Division III boys’ basketball championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Thetford Academy Panthers Division III boys’ basketball championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Thetford Academy Panthers Division III boys’ cross-country championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Thetford Academy Panthers Division III boys’ cross-country championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating April 2019 as Fair Housing Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating April 2019 as Fair Housing Month in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Mt. St. Joseph Academy Mounties Division II boys’ basketball championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Mt. St. Joseph Academy Mounties Division II boys’ basketball championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Sergeant at Arms Teresa M. Randall. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Sergeant at Arms Teresa M. Randall
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Danville School Indians Division IV boys’ basketball championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Danville School Indians Division IV boys’ basketball championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating April 2019 as Veterans Suicide Awareness Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating April 2019 as Veterans Suicide Awareness Month in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2, 2019 as Equal Pay Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing April 2, 2019 as Equal Pay Day in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution celebrating the unique attributes of Green River Reservoir State Park. Description: House concurrent resolution celebrating the unique attributes of Green River Reservoir State Park
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Boys & Girls Clubs of Vermont Youth of the Year Award honorees. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Boys & Girls Clubs of Vermont Youth of the Year Award honorees
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution observing April 2, 2019 as National Service Recognition Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution observing April 2, 2019 as National Service Recognition Day in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring U.S. Navy Chief Petty Officers’ century and a quarter of outstanding service to our nation. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring U.S. Navy Chief Petty Officers’ century and a quarter of outstanding service to our nation
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the placement of the third statue of Agriculture atop the State House dome and honoring its creators, sculptors Chris Miller and Jerry Williams. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the placement of the third statue of Agriculture atop the State House dome and honoring its creators, sculptors Chris Miller and Jerry Williams
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Gloria Kigonya on winning the 2019 Vermont Debate and Forensics League State Forensics Tournament’s performance poetry category. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Gloria Kigonya on winning the 2019 Vermont Debate and Forensics League State Forensics Tournament’s performance poetry category
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Sarah E. Carpenter for her outstanding leadership as Vermont Housing Finance Agency Executive Director. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Sarah E. Carpenter for her outstanding leadership as Vermont Housing Finance Agency Executive Director
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Thetford Academy Panthers girls’ soccer team on winning a second consecutive Division III championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 Thetford Academy Panthers girls’ soccer team on winning a second consecutive Division III championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Henry Farrington on being named the 2018 Vermont Gatorade Boys’ Cross-Country Runner of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Henry Farrington on being named the 2018 Vermont Gatorade Boys’ Cross-Country Runner of the Year
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Essex High School Hornets State championship gymnastics team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Essex High School Hornets State championship gymnastics team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Essex High School Vermont Treasury Cup Challenge championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Essex High School Vermont Treasury Cup Challenge championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Essex High School Hornets Division I girls’ ice hockey championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Essex High School Hornets Division I girls’ ice hockey championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Essex High School Hornets boys’ ice hockey team on winning the school’s second-consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Essex High School Hornets boys’ ice hockey team on winning the school’s second-consecutive Division I championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Essex High School Hornets Division I indoor track and field championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Essex High School Hornets Division I indoor track and field championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Steve Gagner on his selection as the 2019 U.S. Small Business Administration’s Vermont Small Business Person of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Steve Gagner on his selection as the 2019 U.S. Small Business Administration’s Vermont Small Business Person of the Year
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Rutland High School for earning placement on the first ESPN Honor Roll, in recognition of the school’s outstanding Special Olympics Unified Sports program. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Rutland High School for earning placement on the first ESPN Honor Roll, in recognition of the school’s outstanding Special Olympics Unified Sports program
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Champlain Valley Union High School Principal Adam Bunting on being named the 2018 Vermont Principal of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Champlain Valley Union High School Principal Adam Bunting on being named the 2018 Vermont Principal of the Year
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Junior Iron Chefs championship teams. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Junior Iron Chefs championship teams
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution saluting the Vermonters who served in the Vietnam War and honoring the memory of those who died in this conflict. Description: House concurrent resolution saluting the Vermonters who served in the Vietnam War and honoring the memory of those who died in this conflict
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Katherine Suzanne Bove on winning one gold medal and one bronze medal at the 2019 Special Olympics World Games in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Katherine Suzanne Bove on winning one gold medal and one bronze medal at the 2019 Special Olympics World Games in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating American Legion Post 13 in Bennington on its 100th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating American Legion Post 13 in Bennington on its 100th anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Missisquoi Valley Union High School Thunderbirds Division II girls’ ice hockey championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Missisquoi Valley Union High School Thunderbirds Division II girls’ ice hockey championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Rutland High School Raiders Vermont Division I and New England Division II cheerleading championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Rutland High School Raiders Vermont Division I and New England Division II cheerleading championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring William Eugene Griffin on the completion of an extraordinary career as the Vermont Chief Assistant Attorney General. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring William Eugene Griffin on the completion of an extraordinary career as the Vermont Chief Assistant Attorney General
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing the second full week in May as Women’s Lung Health Week in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing the second full week in May as Women’s Lung Health Week in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Olivia Shively on qualifying for the 2019 Snowboarding Junior World Championships. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Olivia Shively on qualifying for the 2019 Snowboarding Junior World Championships
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the tenth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Vermont, the Right Reverend Thomas Clark Ely, for his visionary leadership. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the tenth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Vermont, the Right Reverend Thomas Clark Ely, for his visionary leadership
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the 26th President of the University of Vermont, E. Thomas Sullivan, for his leadership accomplishments. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the 26th President of the University of Vermont, E. Thomas Sullivan, for his leadership accomplishments
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Joseph L. Choquette III on his multiple career and avocational accomplishments. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Joseph L. Choquette III on his multiple career and avocational accomplishments
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Essex High School on winning the first Academic WorldQuest Vermont championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Essex High School on winning the first Academic WorldQuest Vermont championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Vaughn Altemus for his career achievements in academia and Vermont State government. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Vaughn Altemus for his career achievements in academia and Vermont State government
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Rutland County Humane Society on its 60th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Rutland County Humane Society on its 60th anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring five devoted and long-serving Pawlet municipal staff members. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring five devoted and long-serving Pawlet municipal staff members
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Harwood Union High School Highlanders on winning a second consecutive Division II boys’ golf championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Harwood Union High School Highlanders on winning a second consecutive Division II boys’ golf championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Enosburg Falls High School Hornets State snowboarding championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Enosburg Falls High School Hornets State snowboarding championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Nicholas John Blaney of Berkshire on his outstanding snowboarding accomplishments. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Nicholas John Blaney of Berkshire on his outstanding snowboarding accomplishments
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Vermont Shamrocks USA Hockey girls’ Tier II 16U national championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Vermont Shamrocks USA Hockey girls’ Tier II 16U national championship team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Representative David L. Deen of Westminster. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Representative David L. Deen of Westminster
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Fair Haven Grade School principal Wayne Cooke on his exemplary career in public education. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Fair Haven Grade School principal Wayne Cooke on his exemplary career in public education
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Georgia community leader Harold Edmund Wilcox. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Georgia community leader Harold Edmund Wilcox
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Fairbanks Museum & Planetarium on its 125th anniversary of conducting continuous meteorological services. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Fairbanks Museum & Planetarium on its 125th anniversary of conducting continuous meteorological services
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers boys’ Alpine ski team on winning its second consecutive State championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers boys’ Alpine ski team on winning its second consecutive State championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers boys’ and girls’ Alpine skiing teams on winning the trophy for the highest combined score at the State championship meet. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers boys’ and girls’ Alpine skiing teams on winning the trophy for the highest combined score at the State championship meet
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 St. Johnsbury Academy Division I girls’ indoor track team on winning the school’s fifth consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 St. Johnsbury Academy Division I girls’ indoor track team on winning the school’s fifth consecutive Division I championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers Division I championship boys’ basketball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers Division I championship boys’ basketball team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers Division III championship field hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018 St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers Division III championship field hockey team
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the St. Johnsbury Academy girls’ basketball team on winning the school’s second consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the St. Johnsbury Academy girls’ basketball team on winning the school’s second consecutive Division I championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018–2019 Colchester High School debate program for its outstanding record and State championship victory. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2018–2019 Colchester High School debate program for its outstanding record and State championship victory
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Angelo Tedesco Sr. on his induction into the Masonry Hall of Fame. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Angelo Tedesco Sr. on his induction into the Masonry Hall of Fame
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Riley Allen on her selection as a 2018 Freedom & Unity Youth Film Contest first-place award winner. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Riley Allen on her selection as a 2018 Freedom & Unity Youth Film Contest first-place award winner
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Unsworth family for its generous donation of 160-plus acres of undeveloped land to the Town of Essex. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Unsworth family for its generous donation of 160-plus acres of undeveloped land to the Town of Essex
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Mill River Union High School cheerleading team on winning the school’s second consecutive Division II championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Mill River Union High School cheerleading team on winning the school’s second consecutive Division II championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating May 2019 as Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome Awareness Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating May 2019 as Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome Awareness Month in Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 30th anniversary of the NSK Steering Systems America, Inc. manufacturing plant in Bennington. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 30th anniversary of the NSK Steering Systems America, Inc. manufacturing plant in Bennington
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Nancy Deuel of Bomoseen. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Nancy Deuel of Bomoseen
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Franklin County Assistant Judge Robert Johnson of St. Albans Town. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Franklin County Assistant Judge Robert Johnson of St. Albans Town
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Ethan Whalen of Rutland Town on winning the 2019 Elks Hoop Shoot’s boys’ 10 to 11 years of age division New England championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Ethan Whalen of Rutland Town on winning the 2019 Elks Hoop Shoot’s boys’ 10 to 11 years of age division New England championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the bravery of the Vermont- trained First Special Service Force. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the bravery of the Vermont- trained First Special Service Force
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Brady Toof of Fairfield on winning the 2019 Elks Hoop Shoot’s boys’ eight to nine years of age division Vermont State championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Brady Toof of Fairfield on winning the 2019 Elks Hoop Shoot’s boys’ eight to nine years of age division Vermont State championship
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Penny Walker-Reen of Morrisville. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Penny Walker-Reen of Morrisville
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Barre granite craftspersons who created the monoliths for the 9/11 Memorial Glade in New York City. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Barre granite craftspersons who created the monoliths for the 9/11 Memorial Glade in New York City
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Grace Cottage Family Health & Hospital on its 70th Anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Grace Cottage Family Health & Hospital on its 70th Anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Mary Nikitas Geannelis of Bennington. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Mary Nikitas Geannelis of Bennington
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Sunrise Family Resource Center on its 50th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Sunrise Family Resource Center on its 50th anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Katherine LeVine on her dual literary contest first-place awards. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Katherine LeVine on her dual literary contest first-place awards
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of educator, coach, Camp Billings Race Around the Lake director, and Bradford civic leader Lawrence E. Drew. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of educator, coach, Camp Billings Race Around the Lake director, and Bradford civic leader Lawrence E. Drew
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating Sunday, September 22, 2019 as the first Castleton Day. Description: House concurrent resolution designating Sunday, September 22, 2019 as the first Castleton Day
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Lieutenant David Gregory on a highly accomplished career as a Vermont State Game Warden. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Lieutenant David Gregory on a highly accomplished career as a Vermont State Game Warden
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating The Collaborative of Londonderry on two decades of outstanding health and substance abuse education programs in southern Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating The Collaborative of Londonderry on two decades of outstanding health and substance abuse education programs in southern Vermont
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Chester Andover Elementary School fourth graders who drafted thoughtful State legislative proposals. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Chester Andover Elementary School fourth graders who drafted thoughtful State legislative proposals
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Michael W. Stone of Orange. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Michael W. Stone of Orange
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Representative Robert Joseph Forguites of Springfield. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Representative Robert Joseph Forguites of Springfield
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 2020 as School Board Recognition Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 2020 as School Board Recognition Month in Vermont
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating former Manchester Selectboard member and U.S. Army Lieutenant William B. Finn on his 90th birthday. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating former Manchester Selectboard member and U.S. Army Lieutenant William B. Finn on his 90th birthday
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating St Johnsbury Academy Hilltopper Mate Koszo on winning the 2019 boys’ individual State tennis championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating St Johnsbury Academy Hilltopper Mate Koszo on winning the 2019 boys’ individual State tennis championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 West Rutland High School Golden Horde Division IV championship softball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 West Rutland High School Golden Horde Division IV championship softball team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Harry Chandler on his 100th birthday. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Harry Chandler on his 100th birthday
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Camille George of Richmond for her laudable career of service to older Vermonters and persons with disabilities. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Camille George of Richmond for her laudable career of service to older Vermonters and persons with disabilities
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 15, 2020 as Homelessness Awareness Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 15, 2020 as Homelessness Awareness Day at the State House
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Twin Valley High School Wildcats Division IV championship boys’ soccer team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Twin Valley High School Wildcats Division IV championship boys’ soccer team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Emily Mason of Brattleboro. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Emily Mason of Brattleboro
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Hazelett Corporation in Colchester on its centennial. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Hazelett Corporation in Colchester on its centennial
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Robert Sausville on his 100th birthday. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Robert Sausville on his 100th birthday
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Lindy S. Lynch. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Lindy S. Lynch
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating January 22, 2020 as Mentoring Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating January 22, 2020 as Mentoring Day at the State House
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks boys’ volleyball program on winning a fourth consecutive State championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks boys’ volleyball program on winning a fourth consecutive State championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks State championship girls’ volleyball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks State championship girls’ volleyball team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks Division I boys’ cross-country championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks Division I boys’ cross-country championship team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks Division I championship girls’ cross-country team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks Division I championship girls’ cross-country team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks Division I boys’ soccer program on winning a second consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks Division I boys’ soccer program on winning a second consecutive Division I championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks girls’ soccer program on winning a third consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks girls’ soccer program on winning a third consecutive Division I championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks on winning a second consecutive Division I boys’ golf championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Champlain Valley Union High School Redhawks on winning a second consecutive Division I boys’ golf championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Doris Mills (Lingelbach) Brettell. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Doris Mills (Lingelbach) Brettell
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers Takahiro Matsumoto and Owen Pakseubzin on winning the 2019 boys’ tennis doubles State championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers Takahiro Matsumoto and Owen Pakseubzin on winning the 2019 boys’ tennis doubles State championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Dorset Town Moderator Nathaniel Terry Tyler. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Dorset Town Moderator Nathaniel Terry Tyler
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Dorset civic leader John P. Stannard. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Dorset civic leader John P. Stannard
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Philip Edwin Bartlett of Dover. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Philip Edwin Bartlett of Dover
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of David Huntington Nichols of Manchester. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of David Huntington Nichols of Manchester
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Senator Hull Platt Maynard Jr. of Shrewsbury. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Senator Hull Platt Maynard Jr. of Shrewsbury
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of longtime Ludlow Selectboard Chair Howard Barton Jr.. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of longtime Ludlow Selectboard Chair Howard Barton Jr.
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating Wednesday, January 29, 2020 as Mental Health Advocacy Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating Wednesday, January 29, 2020 as Mental Health Advocacy Day at the State House
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Fair Haven Union High School Slaters Division II championship baseball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Fair Haven Union High School Slaters Division II championship baseball team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Proctor High School Lady Phantoms Division IV girls’ soccer championship team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Proctor High School Lady Phantoms Division IV girls’ soccer championship team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Morgan and Jennifer Churchill on Wonder Why Farm’s designation as the 2019 Dairy Farm of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Morgan and Jennifer Churchill on Wonder Why Farm’s designation as the 2019 Dairy Farm of the Year
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Braiden Pearson as the Wardsboro grower of the largest Gilfeather Turnip for five consecutive years. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Braiden Pearson as the Wardsboro grower of the largest Gilfeather Turnip for five consecutive years
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Nancy Baker on her receipt of a 2019 Vermont Outstanding Teacher Award. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Nancy Baker on her receipt of a 2019 Vermont Outstanding Teacher Award
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing Nurse Anesthetists. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing Nurse Anesthetists
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of East Montpelier firefighting veteran William Howard George Jr.. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of East Montpelier firefighting veteran William Howard George Jr.
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers girls’ track and field team on winning a fourth consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the St. Johnsbury Academy Hilltoppers girls’ track and field team on winning a fourth consecutive Division I championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Rev. Dr. Lise Sparrow for her inspiring academic, community, and religious leadership in Windham County. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Rev. Dr. Lise Sparrow for her inspiring academic, community, and religious leadership in Windham County
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Williston Federated Church on its 150th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Williston Federated Church on its 150th anniversary
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Zoe Hardy for her outstanding leadership at Age Well Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Zoe Hardy for her outstanding leadership at Age Well Vermont
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Bonnie L. Burke of Dorset. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Bonnie L. Burke of Dorset
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Nancy Heydinger for her visionary leadership of Girls on the Run. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Nancy Heydinger for her visionary leadership of Girls on the Run
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Vermont’s Free & Referral Clinics on its 25th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Vermont’s Free & Referral Clinics on its 25th anniversary
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Herb Meyer for his community leadership in the towns of Guilford and Vernon. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Herb Meyer for his community leadership in the towns of Guilford and Vernon
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Black River High School Presidents Division IV championship baseball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Black River High School Presidents Division IV championship baseball team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Preservation Trust of Vermont Executive Director Paul Alan Bruhn. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Preservation Trust of Vermont Executive Director Paul Alan Bruhn
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative James Munro Pedley of Northfield. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative James Munro Pedley of Northfield
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the community generosity of Josiah E. Miles and congratulating rk MILES Inc. of Manchester on its 80th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the community generosity of Josiah E. Miles and congratulating rk MILES Inc. of Manchester on its 80th anniversary
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Michael Bosworth for his community leadership roles in Windham County. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Michael Bosworth for his community leadership roles in Windham County
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Vermont Foodbank and designating February 6, 2020 as Hunger Action Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Vermont Foodbank and designating February 6, 2020 as Hunger Action Day at the State House
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Marion Catherine Schaub Cutler on her 100th birthday. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Marion Catherine Schaub Cutler on her 100th birthday
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating Thursday, February 13, 2020 as Afterschool Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating Thursday, February 13, 2020 as Afterschool Day at the State House
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the members of the Vermont Eagle Scout class of 2019. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the members of the Vermont Eagle Scout class of 2019
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont 2-1-1 referral support system on its 15th Anniversary and designating February 11, 2020 as Vermont 2-1-1 Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Vermont 2-1-1 referral support system on its 15th Anniversary and designating February 11, 2020 as Vermont 2-1-1 Day at the State House
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating February 12, 2020 as Farm-to-School Awareness Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating February 12, 2020 as Farm-to-School Awareness Day at the State House
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating February 13, 2020 as Suicide Prevention Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating February 13, 2020 as Suicide Prevention Day at the State House
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring James Pelkey for his public and community service in Franklin County. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring James Pelkey for his public and community service in Franklin County
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 New England Patriots on winning Super Bowl LIII, the franchise’s sixth football championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 New England Patriots on winning Super Bowl LIII, the franchise’s sixth football championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former West Rutland Fire Chief Joseph Skaza. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former West Rutland Fire Chief Joseph Skaza
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating the month of February 2020 as Pharmacists' Month in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating the month of February 2020 as Pharmacists' Month in Vermont
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Mickie and Neil Richardson of Randolph on their receipt of the 2019 Rutland NAACP Lifetime Achievement Award. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Mickie and Neil Richardson of Randolph on their receipt of the 2019 Rutland NAACP Lifetime Achievement Award
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Pathways Vermont on its 10th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Pathways Vermont on its 10th anniversary
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Burlington International Airport on its centennial. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Burlington International Airport on its centennial
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Williston Town Clerk Deborah Beckett for her outstanding municipal public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Williston Town Clerk Deborah Beckett for her outstanding municipal public service
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Montpelier High School Solons State championship girls’ ultimate team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Montpelier High School Solons State championship girls’ ultimate team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Robert Morlino of Pawlet on being named the 2019 Vermont Emergency Management Director of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Robert Morlino of Pawlet on being named the 2019 Vermont Emergency Management Director of the Year
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Norwich University’s 23rd President, Dr. Richard W. Schneider. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Norwich University’s 23rd President, Dr. Richard W. Schneider
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 White River Valley High School Wildcats Division III championship softball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 White River Valley High School Wildcats Division III championship softball team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 White River Valley High School Wildcats Division III championship baseball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 White River Valley High School Wildcats Division III championship baseball team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Montpelier High School Solons State championship boys’ ultimate team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Montpelier High School Solons State championship boys’ ultimate team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 400th anniversary of the Mayflower’s arrival in the New World. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 400th anniversary of the Mayflower’s arrival in the New World
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Heritage Landscapes and Patricia O’Donnell on receipt of the 2019 Landscape Architecture Firm Award. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Heritage Landscapes and Patricia O’Donnell on receipt of the 2019 Landscape Architecture Firm Award
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of journalist and former State and Barre City official Arthur Anton Ristau. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of journalist and former State and Barre City official Arthur Anton Ristau
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Vermont Senior Games Association. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Vermont Senior Games Association
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Jake Burton Carpenter of Stowe. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Jake Burton Carpenter of Stowe
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Highgate School Board member David F. Roddy. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Highgate School Board member David F. Roddy
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Barbara Wagner of Bridport. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Barbara Wagner of Bridport
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing June 12, 2020 as National Loving Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing June 12, 2020 as National Loving Day in Vermont
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Eric Nye of Georgia. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Eric Nye of Georgia
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative, Senator, and Commissioner of Employment and Training Sarah Goodwin (Thompson) Soule of Shelburne. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative, Senator, and Commissioner of Employment and Training Sarah Goodwin (Thompson) Soule of Shelburne
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Rice Memorial High School Green Knights Division II championship girls’ soccer team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Rice Memorial High School Green Knights Division II championship girls’ soccer team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Weybridge Selectboard Chair Don Mason for his outstanding municipal public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Weybridge Selectboard Chair Don Mason for his outstanding municipal public service
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Barbara Torian and Tim Bouton of New Haven for their outstanding civic service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Barbara Torian and Tim Bouton of New Haven for their outstanding civic service
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing July 2020 as Parks and Recreation Month in Vermont and designating July 17, 2020 as Vermont Park and Recreation Professionals’ Day. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing July 2020 as Parks and Recreation Month in Vermont and designating July 17, 2020 as Vermont Park and Recreation Professionals’ Day
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating Wednesday, March 11, 2020 as the 26th Early Childhood Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating Wednesday, March 11, 2020 as the 26th Early Childhood Day at the State House
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Peter Saltonstall Mallett of Georgia. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Peter Saltonstall Mallett of Georgia
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the distinguished military career of former Vermont Adjutant General Herbert Thomas Johnson of Bradford. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the distinguished military career of former Vermont Adjutant General Herbert Thomas Johnson of Bradford
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Representative Richard James Howrigan of Fairfield. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Representative Richard James Howrigan of Fairfield
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Ian Carpenter of Fairfax on being named the 2019 Special Olympics Vermont Unified Athlete of the Year. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Ian Carpenter of Fairfax on being named the 2019 Special Olympics Vermont Unified Athlete of the Year
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Frank Snow of Bennington. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Frank Snow of Bennington
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Elinor Purrier of Montgomery on her record-setting pace at the 2020 Wanamaker Mile in New York City. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Elinor Purrier of Montgomery on her record-setting pace at the 2020 Wanamaker Mile in New York City
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution remembering former Rutland City Board of Aldermen President David Sagi on Disability Awareness Day. Description: House concurrent resolution remembering former Rutland City Board of Aldermen President David Sagi on Disability Awareness Day
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Weidmann Electrical Technology Inc. on the 50th anniversary of its St. Johnsbury plant. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Weidmann Electrical Technology Inc. on the 50th anniversary of its St. Johnsbury plant
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Euclid Farnham for his extraordinary legacy in the Town of Tunbridge. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Euclid Farnham for his extraordinary legacy in the Town of Tunbridge
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring John McCullough and Donna Fitch for their leadership in the renovation of the Calais Town Hall. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring John McCullough and Donna Fitch for their leadership in the renovation of the Calais Town Hall
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Representative Linda J. Martin for her service as Wolcott Town Clerk and Treasurer. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Representative Linda J. Martin for her service as Wolcott Town Clerk and Treasurer
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating Thursday, March 19, 2020 as Social Work Advocacy Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating Thursday, March 19, 2020 as Social Work Advocacy Day at the State House
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Central Vermont Council on Aging on its 40th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Central Vermont Council on Aging on its 40th anniversary
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Anthony Ernest Morgan of West Rutland. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Anthony Ernest Morgan of West Rutland
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution recognizing April as the Month of the Military Child in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution recognizing April as the Month of the Military Child in Vermont
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative and Royalton Town Moderator David M. Ainsworth. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative and Royalton Town Moderator David M. Ainsworth
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the University of Vermont Extension and WCAX-TV on the 65th anniversary of the Across the Fence television program. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the University of Vermont Extension and WCAX-TV on the 65th anniversary of the Across the Fence television program
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the U.S. Navy submarine Vermont (SSN 792), its Pre-Commissioning Unit, and its Commissioning Committee. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the U.S. Navy submarine Vermont (SSN 792), its Pre-Commissioning Unit, and its Commissioning Committee
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Don Myers on his half-century membership in the Bennington Fire Department. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Don Myers on his half-century membership in the Bennington Fire Department
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating Wednesday, March 18, 2020 as Alzheimer’s Awareness Day at the State House. Description: House concurrent resolution designating Wednesday, March 18, 2020 as Alzheimer’s Awareness Day at the State House
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Representative Alice Miller of Shaftsbury on her receipt of the 2020 Vermont Higher Education Excellence Award. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Representative Alice Miller of Shaftsbury on her receipt of the 2020 Vermont Higher Education Excellence Award
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating O.C. McCuin & Sons of Highgate on its centennial. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating O.C. McCuin & Sons of Highgate on its centennial
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Mill River Union High School Minutemen Division II championship cheerleading team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Mill River Union High School Minutemen Division II championship cheerleading team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Rutland High School Raiders cheerleading program on winning its sixth consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Rutland High School Raiders cheerleading program on winning its sixth consecutive Division I championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Brattleboro Union High School Colonels Division I championship boys’ Nordic skiing team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Brattleboro Union High School Colonels Division I championship boys’ Nordic skiing team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Bernard Juskiewicz of Cambridge. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Representative Bernard Juskiewicz of Cambridge
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Williston Town Manager Richard McGuire. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Williston Town Manager Richard McGuire
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Richard Veitch of Townshend on his designation as the fourth Vermont Cartoonist Laureate. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Richard Veitch of Townshend on his designation as the fourth Vermont Cartoonist Laureate
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Harwood Union High School Highlanders Division II championship boys’ ice hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Harwood Union High School Highlanders Division II championship boys’ ice hockey team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Robert Irving Barasch of Plainfield. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Robert Irving Barasch of Plainfield
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Fair Haven Union High School Slaters State championship bowling team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Fair Haven Union High School Slaters State championship bowling team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Fair Haven Union High School Slaters Division II championship boys’ basketball team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Fair Haven Union High School Slaters Division II championship boys’ basketball team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Essex High School Hornets girls’ ice hockey program on winning a second consecutive Division I championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Essex High School Hornets girls’ ice hockey program on winning a second consecutive Division I championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Pownal Town Moderator and State Representative Charles B. Palmer of Pownal. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Pownal Town Moderator and State Representative Charles B. Palmer of Pownal
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Mount Anthony Union High School Patriots on winning a 32nd consecutive State wrestling championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Mount Anthony Union High School Patriots on winning a 32nd consecutive State wrestling championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship girls’ indoor track and field team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Hartford High School Hurricanes Division II championship girls’ indoor track and field team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Rutland County Agricultural Society on the 175th anniversary of the Vermont State Fair. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Rutland County Agricultural Society on the 175th anniversary of the Vermont State Fair
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Steven Edgerley for his outstanding community leadership in Orleans County. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Steven Edgerley for his outstanding community leadership in Orleans County
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating Wednesday, September 23, 2020 as Alexander Twilight Day in Vermont. Description: House concurrent resolution designating Wednesday, September 23, 2020 as Alexander Twilight Day in Vermont
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Madison Chagnon of Colchester on her selection by the Burlington Free Press as Miss Hockey 2020. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Madison Chagnon of Colchester on her selection by the Burlington Free Press as Miss Hockey 2020
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Spaulding High School Crimson Tide Division II championship girls’ ice hockey team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Spaulding High School Crimson Tide Division II championship girls’ ice hockey team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Thetford Academy Panthers Division II championship boys’ indoor track and field team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2020 Thetford Academy Panthers Division II championship boys’ indoor track and field team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Thetford Academy Panthers boys’ basketball program on winning a second consecutive Division III championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Thetford Academy Panthers boys’ basketball program on winning a second consecutive Division III championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring the Shaffe family and Shaffe’s Men’s Shop of Bennington. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring the Shaffe family and Shaffe’s Men’s Shop of Bennington
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Fiddlehead at Four Corners fine art and contemporary craft gallery on its 20th anniversary. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Fiddlehead at Four Corners fine art and contemporary craft gallery on its 20th anniversary
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Bennington Selectboard Chair Thomas Jacobs. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of former Bennington Selectboard Chair Thomas Jacobs
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of Putnam Wentworth Blodgett. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of Putnam Wentworth Blodgett
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Harwood Union High School Highlanders and the Fair Haven Union High School Slaters on being named 2020 Division II girls’ basketball co-champions. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Harwood Union High School Highlanders and the Fair Haven Union High School Slaters on being named 2020 Division II girls’ basketball co-champions
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Chroma Technology Corporation of Bellows Falls on winning the 2019 Deane C. Davis Outstanding Business of the Year Award. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Chroma Technology Corporation of Bellows Falls on winning the 2019 Deane C. Davis Outstanding Business of the Year Award
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the Boston Red Sox on winning the 2018 World Series. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the Boston Red Sox on winning the 2018 World Series
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Brattleboro Union High School Colonels Division II championship football team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Brattleboro Union High School Colonels Division II championship football team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of Green Up Day and honoring Melinda Vieux for her superb organizational leadership. Description: House concurrent resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of Green Up Day and honoring Melinda Vieux for her superb organizational leadership
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Georgia Conservation Commission Chair Kent Henderson for his outstanding municipal public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Georgia Conservation Commission Chair Kent Henderson for his outstanding municipal public service
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring former Montpelier Police Chief Anthony John Facos for 33 years of dedicated municipal public service. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring former Montpelier Police Chief Anthony John Facos for 33 years of dedicated municipal public service
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution celebrating the centennial of universal women’s suffrage and General Assembly membership. Description: House concurrent resolution celebrating the centennial of universal women’s suffrage and General Assembly membership
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Marjorie Adeline (Brown) LaValley on her 100th birthday. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Marjorie Adeline (Brown) LaValley on her 100th birthday
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating Jennifer H. Wood as the 2020 Vermont winner of the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating Jennifer H. Wood as the 2020 Vermont winner of the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Brattleboro Justice of the Peace Elliott C. Greenblott for his civic and community leadership. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Brattleboro Justice of the Peace Elliott C. Greenblott for his civic and community leadership
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Town of Essex on being certified as one of Vermont’s first two Quality Youth Development Communities. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Town of Essex on being certified as one of Vermont’s first two Quality Youth Development Communities
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring François Clemmons on his exemplary musical and theatrical career. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring François Clemmons on his exemplary musical and theatrical career
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution in memory of James Bernard Reardon of Essex. Description: House concurrent resolution in memory of James Bernard Reardon of Essex
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution designating October 6, 2020 as Vermont Mask Day. Description: House concurrent resolution designating October 6, 2020 as Vermont Mask Day
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Vermont State employees who have performed their duties in a professional and exemplary manner during the COVID-19 pandemic. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Vermont State employees who have performed their duties in a professional and exemplary manner during the COVID-19 pandemic
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Central Vermont Pioneers on winning the 2019 Empire State Sled Hockey Championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Central Vermont Pioneers on winning the 2019 Empire State Sled Hockey Championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Colchester All-Stars on winning the 2020 Vermont State Little League Baseball championship. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the Colchester All-Stars on winning the 2020 Vermont State Little League Baseball championship
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Poultney High School Blue Devils Division III championship football team. Description: House concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Poultney High School Blue Devils Division III championship football team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: House concurrent resolution honoring Curtis Tuff of Putney and his Curtis’ All American BARBQ. Description: House concurrent resolution honoring Curtis Tuff of Putney and his Curtis’ All American BARBQ
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring former Vermont State Police Major Glenn Hall for three decades of exemplary public service. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring former Vermont State Police Major Glenn Hall for three decades of exemplary public service
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of Judge Francis Bernard McCaffrey Jr. of Weston. Description: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of Judge Francis Bernard McCaffrey Jr. of Weston
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of former NOFA-VT Executive Director and organic farming pioneer advocate, Enid Wonnacott. Description: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of former NOFA-VT Executive Director and organic farming pioneer advocate, Enid Wonnacott
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Ralph Pace of Ludlow for his community leadership and public service.. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Ralph Pace of Ludlow for his community leadership and public service.
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Linda Hall for her 30 years of outstanding volunteer leadership as the director of the Solomon Wright Public Library in Pownal. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Linda Hall for her 30 years of outstanding volunteer leadership as the director of the Solomon Wright Public Library in Pownal
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Bag Balm on its 120th anniversary. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Bag Balm on its 120th anniversary
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Alice Johnson Blair on her 100th birthday. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Alice Johnson Blair on her 100th birthday
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of former University of Vermont Dean of the College of Education and Social Services and Associate Provost Jill Mattuck Tarule of Essex. Description: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of former University of Vermont Dean of the College of Education and Social Services and Associate Provost Jill Mattuck Tarule of Essex
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of creative mathematics educator and passionate Celtic folk musician Timothy James Whiteford. Description: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of creative mathematics educator and passionate Celtic folk musician Timothy James Whiteford
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Katherine Womeldorf Paterson of Montpelier on winning the 2019 E.B. White Award for her achievement in children’s literature. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Katherine Womeldorf Paterson of Montpelier on winning the 2019 E.B. White Award for her achievement in children’s literature
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring former Representative and Senator Seth B. Bongartz for his impressive leadership as President of Hildene. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring former Representative and Senator Seth B. Bongartz for his impressive leadership as President of Hildene
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of James Hester of Burlington. Description: Senate concurrent resolution in memory of James Hester of Burlington
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Glenn Gershaneck for his exemplary roles in journalism and public service. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Glenn Gershaneck for his exemplary roles in journalism and public service
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Joel Theodore Cope for his exemplary leadership of the Northeast Kingdom Waste Management District. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Joel Theodore Cope for his exemplary leadership of the Northeast Kingdom Waste Management District
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the Community College of Vermont on its 50th anniversary. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the Community College of Vermont on its 50th anniversary
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Burr and Burton Academy Bulldogs Division I football championship team. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating the 2019 Burr and Burton Academy Bulldogs Division I football championship team
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Eric Peterson for his visionary leadership at the Oldcastle Theatre Company in Bennington. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Eric Peterson for his visionary leadership at the Oldcastle Theatre Company in Bennington
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Susan Andrews for her leadership of Greater Bennington Interfaith Community Services. Description: Senate concurrent resolution honoring Susan Andrews for her leadership of Greater Bennington Interfaith Community Services
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Destiny Thompson on winning first place for Region 1 in Hildene’s 2020 Eighth Grade Lincoln Essay Competition. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Destiny Thompson on winning first place for Region 1 in Hildene’s 2020 Eighth Grade Lincoln Essay Competition
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Bennington native Alyssa Clark on her remarkable running achievement. Description: Senate concurrent resolution congratulating Bennington native Alyssa Clark on her remarkable running achievement
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Boys State educational program to use the State House. Description: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Boys State educational program to use the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Girls State educational program to use the State House. Description: Joint resolution authorizing the Green Mountain Girls State educational program to use the State House
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to the final adjournment of the General Assembly 2019. Description: Joint resolution relating to the final adjournment of the General Assembly 2019
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to joint rules. Description: Joint resolution relating to joint rules
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the report of the committee appointed to canvass votes for state officers. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the report of the committee appointed to canvass votes for state officers
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the inaugural message of the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the inaugural message of the Governor
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution providing for the election of a Sergeant at Arms, an Adjutant and Inspector General, and three Trustees of the University of Vermont and State Agricultural College. Description: Joint resolution providing for the election of a Sergeant at Arms, an Adjutant and Inspector General, and three Trustees of the University of Vermont and State Agricultural College
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution establishing a procedure for the conduct of the election of UVM trustees by plurality vote by the General Assembly in 2019. Description: Joint resolution establishing a procedure for the conduct of the election of UVM trustees by plurality vote by the General Assembly in 2019
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution authorizing the Commissioner of Forests, Parks and Recreation to amend the Department’s lease with the Okemo Limited Liability Company and to authorize a conveyance of Woodchuck Mountain in Newbury as an alternative to the conveyance authorized in 2002 Acts and Resolves No.Â 149, Sec. 83(a)(3). Description: Joint resolution authorizing the Commissioner of Forests, Parks and Recreation to amend the Department’s lease with the Okemo Limited Liability Company and to authorize a conveyance of Woodchuck Mountain in Newbury as an alternative to the conveyance authorized in 2002 Acts and Resolves No.Â 149, Sec. 83(a)(3)
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution condemning the murder of Washington Post columnist Jamal Khashoggi and affirming the central importance of freedom of the press. Description: Joint resolution condemning the murder of Washington Post columnist Jamal Khashoggi and affirming the central importance of freedom of the press
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont enrolled a bill titled: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of eight Superior Judges and one Magistrate. Description: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of eight Superior Judges and one Magistrate
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution regarding weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution regarding weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating with weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating with weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2019, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the State-of-the-State message from the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to receive the State-of-the-State message from the Governor
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor. Description: Joint resolution to provide for a Joint Assembly to hear the budget message of the Governor
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to Town Meeting adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution condemning the continuing occurrence of street harassment in Vermont. Description: Joint resolution condemning the continuing occurrence of street harassment in Vermont
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly for the election of two legislative Trustees of the Vermont State Colleges Corporation. Description: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly for the election of two legislative Trustees of the Vermont State Colleges Corporation
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution establishing a procedure for the conduct of the election of two legislative trustees of the Vermont State Colleges Corporation by plurality vote by the General Assembly in 2020. Description: Joint resolution establishing a procedure for the conduct of the election of two legislative trustees of the Vermont State Colleges Corporation by plurality vote by the General Assembly in 2020
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of five Superior Judges and one Environmental Judges. Description: Joint resolution providing for a Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of five Superior Judges and one Environmental Judges
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to interim adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to interim adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to postpone the Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of five Superior Judges and one Environmental Judge. Description: Joint resolution to postpone the Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of five Superior Judges and one Environmental Judge
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to the adoption of an emergency temporary Joint Rule 22A. Description: Joint resolution relating to the adoption of an emergency temporary Joint Rule 22A
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to postpone the Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of five Superior Judges and one Environmental Judge. Description: Joint resolution to postpone the Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of five Superior Judges and one Environmental Judge
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution to postpone the Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of five Superior Judges and one Environmental Judge. Description: Joint resolution to postpone the Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of five Superior Judges and one Environmental Judge
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to the annual State lands transactions. Description: Joint resolution relating to the annual State lands transactions
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to Interim Adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to Interim Adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution scheduling the Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of six Superior Judges. Description: Joint resolution scheduling the Joint Assembly to vote on the retention of six Superior Judges
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment. Description: Joint resolution relating to weekend adjournment
In 2020, Vermont passed a bill titled: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment of the General Assembly in 2020. Description: Joint resolution relating to final adjournment of the General Assembly in 2020
