Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Virginia:

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Kathy Nerangis.. Description: Celebrating the life of Kathy Nerangis.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Mary Werkheiser.. Description: Commending Mary Werkheiser.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Rafael Torrech III.. Description: Celebrating the life of Rafael Torrech III.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Caleb Gilbert.. Description: Commending Caleb Gilbert.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Grant Holloway.. Description: Commending Grant Holloway.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Maurice Moody.. Description: Commending Maurice Moody.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Marie Nave.. Description: Commending Marie Nave.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of John Lee Orrock.. Description: Celebrating the life of John Lee Orrock.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of John Andrew Brown.. Description: Celebrating the life of John Andrew Brown.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Debbie Rountree.. Description: Commending Debbie Rountree.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending Jeffrey C. Greenfield.. Description: Commending Jeffrey C. Greenfield.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending Kate G. Doyle Feingold.. Description: Commending Kate G. Doyle Feingold.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Electric utilities; regional transmission entities, annual report.. Description: Electric utilities; regional transmission entities; annual report. Requires each incumbent electric utility that is a member of or has established a regional transmission entity for purposes of management and control of its transmission system as required under current law to submit an annual report by February 1 of each year. Such report shall include all recorded votes cast by the utility during the immediately preceding calendar year, all votes cast by an affiliate of the utility, and a brief description explaining how each vote cast by the utility or its affiliate is in the public interest.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Veterans' Fellowship for State Government Pilot Program; created, report.. Description: Department of Veterans Services; Veteran's Fellowship for State Government Pilot Program. Creates, within the Department of Veterans Services, the Veteran's Fellowship for State Government Pilot Program (the Program) through which the Department shall collaborate with Virginia Commonwealth University to recruit veterans to participate in undergraduate-level and graduate-level cohorts to assist such veterans in pursuing educational pathways to employment with the Commonwealth. The Department shall report annually to the General Assembly by November 1 regarding the progress of the participants, the return on investment for the Commonwealth, and recommendations for Program enhancements. The bill has an expiration date of July 1, 2027.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Iranian American community in Virginia.. Description: Commending the Iranian American community in Virginia.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Firearm locking device; required for sale or transfer of firearm.. Description: Firearm locking device required for sale or transfer of firearm; warning against accessibility to children; penalty. Makes it a Class 3 misdemeanor for any licensed manufacturer, licensed importer, or licensed dealer to sell, deliver, or transfer any firearm to any person other than a licensed manufacturer, licensed importer, or licensed dealer unless the transferee is provided with a locking device for that firearm and the firearm is accompanied by a warning, in conspicuous and legible type in capital letters printed on a separate sheet of paper included within the packaging enclosing the firearm, that firearms should be locked and kept away from children and that there may be civil and criminal liability for failing to do so. The bill provides exceptions for law-enforcement and governmental agencies. This bill incorporates HB 12.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax, state; conformity to Internal Revenue Code.. Description: Income tax; rolling conformity. Provides that when Virginia does not conform on a rolling basis to federal tax laws due to any changes in a single act of Congress with an impact of more than $15 million on revenues in the year in which the amendment was enacted or any of the next four years, such nonconformity shall not be considered for purposes of calculating the nonconformity threshold for all amendments in a year with a cumulative projected impact of more than $75 million in the year in which the amendments were enacted or any of the next four years.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Siting of data centers; locality may perform site assessment before approval.. Description: Siting of data centers; site assessment. Allows a locality, prior to any approval for the siting of a data center, to perform a site assessment to examine the effect of the data center on water usage and carbon emissions within the locality.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Va. School for the Deaf & the Blind, Board of Visitors of the; authority to establish campus police.. Description: Board of Visitors of the Virginia School for the Deaf and the Blind; authority to establish campus police department. Permits the Board of Visitors of the Virginia School for the Deaf and the Blind to establish a campus police department, in compliance with the provisions of law relating to campus police departments established by institutions of higher education, and to employ campus police officers therein.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Public Instruction, Superintendent of; duties, fixed and actual school staffing ratios.. Description: Superintendent of Public Instruction; duties; fixed and actual school staffing ratios. Requires the Superintendent of Public Instruction to biennially calculate, compare, and report to the Board of Education and the General Assembly the differences between the fixed staffing ratios in the Standards of Quality funding formula and the actual staffing ratios in local school divisions in the Commonwealth so that such fixed staffing ratios can be regularly adjusted as needed to more closely approximate such actual staffing ratios.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Va. Nat'l Guard State Tuition Assistance Program; provisions relating to eligibility for grants.. Description: Institutions of higher education; tuition grants; Virginia National Guard State Tuition Assistance Program. Makes several changes to the Virginia National Guard State Tuition Assistance Program, including (i) making the provisions relating to the requirements and conditions for eligibility for and award of grants under the Program subject to regulations as prescribed by the Adjutant General, (ii) eliminating the requirement to satisfy financial obligations with the institution of higher education at the beginning of each semester, (iii) simplifying the requirements relating to academic performance and good standing, and (iv) providing that upon acceptance, grant funds shall be disbursed to the applicable institution of higher education for credit against the recipient's student account.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Federal park operations; temporary funding.. Description: Temporary funding of federal park operations. Authorizes the Governor to provide funding and execute necessary agreements to allow the temporary operation of any Virginia property controlled by the National Park Service in the event of a federal government shutdown. Such authority shall be contingent on the U.S. Department of the Interior executing an agreement which authorizes the Commonwealth to operate such property. The bill states that the funds may come from the State Park Conservation Resources Fund, voluntary donations, funds allocated to the Department of Conservation and Recreation, or other sources. However, the bill clarifies that no funds originally allocated from the general fund shall be used to operate a federal park for more than 21 days without the approval of the General Assembly.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Fire Programs Fund; increases annual assessment used to fund.. Description: Insurance; Fire Programs Fund; purposes. Provides that the portion of the Fire Programs Fund allocated to localities may be used for the additional purposes of (i) constructing, improving, or expanding fire station facilities, (ii) providing mental health resources, or (iii) hiring additional fire personnel and funding recruitment and retention programs. The bill also prohibits such funds from being used, except as provided, for the purposes of investments, operating expenses, debt repayment, taxes, or fees.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Surplus line broker; any person required to be licensed as one shall not be subject to certain tax.. Description: Surplus line broker taxes. Provides that any surplus lines broker or any person required to be licensed as one shall not be subject to the annual taxes, license taxes, or penalties under current law for any policy of insurance procured during the preceding calendar year on behalf of a commuter rail system jointly operated by the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission and the Potomac and Rappahannock Transportation District.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Charitable Sports Raffle Act; established, penalties.. Description: Charitable Sports Raffle Act established; penalties. Establishes the Charitable Sports Raffles Act for the purpose of authorizing athletic event drawings, defined in the bill, to be conducted by affiliated nonprofit organizations that conduct such drawings in accordance with regulations promulgated by the Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services. The bill places limits on when and where an athletic event drawing may be held and requires the prize amount of any such drawing to be 50 percent of the total amount collected from the sale of the tickets. The bill requires the organization to donate a certain percentage of the remaining funds in accordance with Department regulations and imposes certain civil and criminal penalties for violations of the provisions of the bill.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Adult adoptee; access to original birth certificate.. Description: Adult adoptee access to original birth certificate. Grants any adoptee 18 years of age or older access to his original birth certificate.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Public Instruction, Superintendent of; employment of certified school library specialists.. Description: Superintendent of Public Instruction; employment of certified school library specialists. Requires the Superintendent of Public Instruction to employ in the Department of Education at least one certified school library specialist who fulfills several duties enumerated in the bill, including providing leadership and technical assistance with the implementation and use of information literacy skills to support student achievement for local school divisions, Department staff, and other stakeholders and directing the implementation of state and national school library standards and consulting with and providing technical assistance to local school divisions relating to such standards.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Recovery high schools; establishment, authorization in certain Superintendents' regions.. Description: Establishment of recovery high schools; authorization in certain Superintendent's regions. Authorizes any school board that governs a school division located in Superintendent's Region 2, 4, or 7 to establish a recovery high school in the relevant school division as a year-round high school (i) for which enrollment is open to any high school student who resides in the relevant Superintendent's region and is in the early stages of recovery from substance use disorder or dependency and (ii) for the purpose of providing such students with the academic, emotional, and social support necessary to make progress toward earning a high school diploma and reintegrating into a traditional high school setting.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Synthetic media; use in furtherance of crimes involving fraud, etc., report.. Description: Synthetic media; penalty. Expands the applicability of provisions related to defamation, slander, and libel to include synthetic media, defined in the bill. The bill makes it a Class 1 misdemeanor for any person to use any synthetic media for the purpose of committing any criminal offense involving fraud, constituting a separate and distinct offense with punishment separate and apart from any punishment received for the commission of the primary criminal offense. The bill also authorizes the individual depicted in the synthetic media to bring a civil action against the person who violates such prohibition to recover actual damages, reasonable attorney fees, and such other relief as the court determines to be appropriate. The bill directs the Attorney General to convene a work group to study and make recommendations on the current enforcement of laws related to the use of synthetic media, including deepfakes, and any further action needed to address the issue of such use in fraudulent acts.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; powers, conveyance of real property, public hearing requirement.. Description: Counties, cities and towns; powers of local government; conveyance of real property; public hearing requirement. Adds to the list of exemptions from the requirement imposed upon localities to hold a public hearing prior to the disposition of real property owned by such locality the conveyance of any utility easement necessary to provide utilities to residential properties adjacent to property owned by the locality. Current law only excludes from such public hearing requirement (i) the leasing of real property to another public body, political subdivision, or authority and (ii) the conveyance of site development or utility easements related to transportation projects across public property.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Virginia Tobacco Region Revitalization Commission.. Description: Commending the Virginia Tobacco Region Revitalization Commission.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Elections, State Board of; appointment of Commissioner of Elections.. Description: State Board of Elections; appointment of Commissioner of Elections. Provides for the appointment of the Commissioner of Elections to be made by the State Board of Elections; currently, the Governor makes such appointment. The appointment or removal of a Commissioner shall require an affirmative vote of four of the five members of the Board. The Commissioner shall be subject to confirmation and reconfirmation by the General Assembly every four years. If the Board fails to make or communicate an appointment of a Commissioner by the end of the term, the bill provides that the Commissioner serving at such time shall be deemed to be reappointed and shall be subject to reconfirmation at the next regular session. The bill has a delayed effective date of January 1, 2025.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Alcohol safety action program; local administrative fee.. Description: Alcohol safety action program; local administrative fee. Provides that any county, city, or town, or any combination thereof, that has established and operates an alcohol safety action program and supplements fees collected for the program pursuant to general law by more than 33 percent annually in order to fully fund the program may charge a local administrative fee of no more than $100 to each person entering such program.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Fredericksburg Comic Con.. Description: Commending Fredericksburg Comic Con.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: License plate reader systems; use by law-enforcement agencies, civil penalty.. Description: License plate reader systems; civil penalty. Provides requirements for the use of license plate reader systems, defined in the bill, by law-enforcement agencies. The bill limits the use of such systems to scanning, detecting, and recording data about vehicles and license plate numbers for the purpose of identifying a vehicle that is (i) associated with a wanted, missing, or endangered person or human trafficking; (ii) stolen; (iii) involved in an active law-enforcement investigation; or (iv) in the vicinity of a recent crime and may be connected to that crime. The bill authorizes and requires the Commonwealth Transportation Board to establish a permitting process for installing and using such systems in state highway rights-of-way. This bill incorporates HB 1037.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Administrative Process Act; appeals of case decisions regarding benefits sought.. Description: Administrative Process Act; exemptions; limitations; appeals of case decisions regarding benefits sought. Provides that in appeals of case decisions regarding the grant or denial of Temporary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF), Medicaid, Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) benefits, general relief, auxiliary grants, or state-local hospitalization, the review shall be based upon the agency record and the court may enter intermediate relief. The bill also provides that in such appeals, unless an error of law appears, the court shall enter judgment by dismissing the review action or affirming the agency regulation or decision.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: School boards; expands availability of allowable alternatives for pupil transportation.. Description: Schools boards; pupil transportation; alternatives. Expands the availability of allowable alternatives to traditional school bus transportation services relating to the transportation of students to and from school or school-related activities, including permitting any school board of a school division for which providing transportation by school bus is not cost effective to use a portion of its transportation funding to provide a grant to any parent of a student who provides student transportation to and from school, subject to certain conditions enumerated in the bill.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Affordable housing; purchase of development rights.. Description: Purchase of development rights for affordable housing. Permits any local government to purchase development rights or accept the donation of development rights in an effort to preserve and provide affordable housing. The bill grants local governments the powers necessary to carry out the purchase of such development rights. The bill prohibits the conversion or diversion of such affordable housing once the development rights are purchased unless the local government determines that such diversion is essential to the development and growth of the locality and in accordance with the locality's comprehensive plan.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle exhaust systems; inspection and administrative fee.. Description: Vehicle exhaust systems; inspection and administrative fee. Prohibits passenger car exhaust systems from emitting noise in excess of 95 decibels in Planning District 8 on any highway; driveway or premises of a church, school, recreational facility, or business; any governmental property open to the public; any industrial establishment providing parking space for customers, patrons, or employees; and any highway under construction or not yet open to the public. The bill allows, in Planning District 8, a law-enforcement officer to stop a passenger car he determines is emitting exhaust system noise in excess of such limit and issue a notice of an administrative fee of $250 to be assessed at the time of the vehicle's next registration renewal and establishes a process for inspecting such vehicle. The bill has a contingent effective date of January 1, 2025, provided that the Department of Environmental Quality has received the necessary funding to supply the necessary equipment for such vehicle exhaust system inspections to inspection stations. The bill sunsets on July 1, 2027.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Absentee voting in person; voter satellite offices, days and hours of operation.. Description: Absentee voting in person; voter satellite offices; days and hours of operation. Authorizes the governing body of any county or city establishing voter satellite offices for absentee voting in person to prescribe, by ordinance, the dates and hours of operation for such offices. The bill prohibits any reduction in the dates or hours of operation of such offices to be enacted within 60 days of any general election.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; authority, service employees, transition period.. Description: Building service employees; public contracting. Permits any county, city, or town in the Commonwealth to provide for certain requirements concerning incumbent and successor service employers, defined in the bill, by local ordinance or resolution. For example, such local ordinance or resolution may require that successor service employers retain incumbent service employees during a transition period of 90 days. Under the bill, service employees are those who perform work in connection with the care or maintenance of property, services at an airport, or food preparation services at schools. The bill provides that a employer that violates the provisions of a local ordinance or resolution enacted pursuant to the bill may be subject to a civil action and monetary damages.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Charlie Frye, Jr.. Description: Commending Charlie Frye, Jr.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Vegetative growth on certain property; maintenance.. Description: Maintenance of vegetative growth on certain property. Provides that a locality may require the owner of property that (i) was formerly used as a golf course but where such use has been discontinued and (ii) abuts an area zoned for residential purposes to maintain the vegetative growth on the former golf course property in a manner that (a) prevents such property from becoming a detriment to the health, safety, or welfare of the residents of the abutting residential area and (b) does not change the character of the former golf course property so as to be incompatible with the surrounding residential area. The bill further provides that whenever the locality deems it necessary, after reasonable notice as determined by the locality, the locality may have its agents or employees cut or maintain the vegetative growth, in which event the cost and expenses thereof shall be chargeable to and paid by the owner of such property and may be collected by the locality as taxes are collected. An enactment clause states that the provisions of the bill are declarative of existing law.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Southwest Regional Recreation Authority; powers.. Description: Southwest Regional Recreation Authority; powers. Provides for the Attorney General to provide legal services in civil matters upon the request of the executive director or board of directors of the Southwest Regional Recreation Authority. The bill also provides for the board of the Authority to adopt policies for the procurement of goods and services and requires such policies to incorporate certain provisions of the Virginia Public Procurement Act. In addition, the bill (i) makes the provisions of the Virginia Personnel Act and the policies of the Department of Human Resource Management applicable to employees of the Authority, (ii) authorizes the Director of the Department of General Services to lease vehicles and construction and forestry equipment to the Authority, and (iii) authorizes the Commissioner of Highways to lease construction or forestry vehicles to the Authority.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Public Procurement Act; adds to definition of professional services.. Description: Virginia Public Procurement Act; professional services; definition. Adds to the definition of "professional services," for use throughout the Virginia Public Procurement Act, services of an investment and financial advisor procured by the Department of the Treasury.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prescription Monitoring Program; overdose information.. Description: Board of Health; Department of Health Professions; Prescription Monitoring Program; overdose information. Directs the Board of Health to report Admit, Transfer, and Discharge data elements on patients who overdose on opioids to the Department of Health Professions for use in the Prescription Monitoring Program. The bill requires practitioners to obtain such data when prescribing opioids.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Abolition of juvenile fines and fees; criminal offenses.. Description: Abolition of juvenile fines and fees; criminal offenses. Abolishes court costs, fines, and fees assessed to a juvenile or his parent or other persons responsible for his care in circuit court and juvenile and domestic relations district court related to prosecutions of criminal offenses.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: VA Public Procurement Act; additional public works contract requirements, delayed effective date.. Description: Virginia Public Procurement Act; additional public works contract requirements. Provides that public bodies shall require the contractor and its subcontractors for any capital outlay project, as defined in the bill, to complete certain safety training programs, maintain records of compliance with applicable laws, and participate in approved apprenticeship training programs. The bill provides exemptions from such requirements for reasons related to lack of availability of apprentices and high costs. The bill has a delayed effective date of July 1, 2025.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Firefighters and emergency medical services; collective bargaining by providers, definitions.. Description: Collective bargaining by firefighters and emergency medical services providers. Authorizes firefighters and emergency medical services providers employed by a political subdivision of the Commonwealth to engage in collective bargaining through labor organizations or other designated representatives. The bill provides for the appointment of a three-member board of arbitration regarding any dispute arising between an employer and firefighters or emergency medical services providers. Under the bill, determinations made by such board of arbitration are final on a disputed issue and are binding on the parties involved.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Clover Volunteer Fire Department.. Description: Commending the Clover Volunteer Fire Department.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Certified registered nurse anesthetist; elimination of supervision requirement.. Description: Certified registered nurse anesthetist; elimination of supervision requirement. Eliminates the requirement that certified registered nurse anesthetists practice under the supervision of a doctor of medicine, osteopathy, podiatry, or dentistry. The bill provides that certified registered nurse anesthetists shall practice in consultation with a doctor of medicine, osteopathy, podiatry, or dentistry and in accordance with regulations jointly promulgated by the Board of Medicine and the Board of Nursing.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Information Technology Access Act; numerous organizational changes to Act.. Description: Information Technology Access Act; digital accessibility. Makes numerous organizational changes to the Information Technology Access Act. The bill defines "information and communications technology" as it relates to digital accessibility, defined in the bill, for all persons with disabilities. The bill permits the head of each covered entity, defined in the bill, to designate an employee to serve as such covered entity's digital accessibility coordinator and provides that such digital accessibility coordinator is responsible for developing and implementing such covered entity's digital accessibility policy. The bill has a delayed effective date of July 1, 2025.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Roanoke Higher Education Authority; powers and duties, specialized noncredit workforce training.. Description: Roanoke Higher Education Authority; board of trustees; powers and duties; specialized noncredit workforce training. Requires the board of trustees of the Roanoke Higher Education Authority to seek opportunities to collaborate with local comprehensive community colleges to meet specialized noncredit workforce training needs identified by industry but provides that if local comprehensive community colleges are unable to meet identified industry needs, then the board may seek to collaborate with other education providers to provide or may provide Roanoke Higher Education Center-delivered specialized noncredit workforce training independent of local comprehensive community colleges.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Doris B. Land.. Description: Commending Doris B. Land.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Early childhood care and education; publicly funded providers.. Description: Early childhood care and education; publicly funded providers. Provides that any locality wishing to participate in the Virginia Preschool Initiative (VPI) must submit a proposal by May 15 of each year identifying a lead VPI agency responsible for developing a local plan for the delivery of preschool services to at-risk children. A local match based on the composite index of local ability to pay is required to fund such a proposal. The proposal must include the number of at-risk four-year-olds and three-year-olds to be served and eligibility criteria for participation. Upon acceptance, the Department will disburse state VPI funds to the lead VPI agency in such localities, which may be used with local matching funds to provide preschool education, health services, social services, parental involvement services, and transportation. The Department must establish academic standards for VPI programs that prepare students to successfully enter kindergarten. Full day VPI programs must operate for a minimum of five and a half instructional hours per day, while half day VPI programs operate for a minimum of three instructional hours per day. The bill requires the Department of Education to collect information from VPI and the Mixed Delivery Grant Program to compile a comprehensive report on the use of state funds, including the number of slots and funding allocated to each local program or provider and the number of slots that have been filled. The bill codifies the Child Care Subsidy Program, which is currently established pursuant to regulations of the Board of Education, for the purpose of assisting families who meet certain eligibility criteria with the cost of child care provided by approved vendors. The bill requires the Child Care Subsidy Program to be overseen by the Department of Education and permits the Department to contract with state and local agencies to administer the Program. The bill requires the Department and Board of Education, as applicable, to establish rules, regulations, policies, procedures, and standards for the Program. The bill also codifies the Mixed Delivery Grant Program, which is currently established pursuant to the general appropriation act, for the purpose of awarding grants on a competitive basis to local public entities that enter into partnerships with local private early childhood care and education entities and other community organizations, as applicable, to provide, under the direction and leadership of a lead agency identified in the grant proposal, high-quality care and education, either part time or full time, for at-risk infants, toddlers, and preschool-age children who reside in the locality. The bill requires the Mixed Delivery Grant Program to be administered by the Virginia Early Childhood Foundation in partnership with the Department of Education and, consistent with any provisions relating to the Program in the general appropriation act, requires the Foundation and the Department to establish policies, procedures, and standards for the Program.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Dam Safety, Flood Prevention, and Protection Assistance Fund; percentage of funds available.. Description: Dam Safety, Flood Prevention, and Protection Assistance Fund; percentage of funds available; owner match requirements.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prisoners; Department of Corrections- and jailer-issued identification.. Description: Prisoners; Department of Corrections-issued and jailer-issued identification. Provides that the Department of Corrections shall establish a procedure for securing a government-issued identification card, birth certificate, or Social Security card through the Department of Motor Vehicles and that the Department of Motor Vehicles shall expedite the processing of an application submitted by a prisoner for such government-issued identification card and the issuance of such identification. The bill also requires the Department of Corrections, in coordination with the State Board of Local and Regional Jails, the Department of Motor Vehicles, and the State Registrar of Vital Records, to (i) review the processes involved in assisting a prisoner in applying for and obtaining a government-issued identification card, birth certificate, or Social Security card; (ii) identify any obstacles that may interfere with a prisoner obtaining such identification or documents prior to such prisoner's release or discharge; and (iii) issue a report of its findings and recommendations to the General Assembly no later than November 1, 2024.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Mattaponi Indian Tribe; DOF to convey tracts of land in Sandy Point State Forest to the Tribe.. Description: Land grant; Sandy Point; Mattaponi Indian Tribe. Authorizes the Department of Forestry to grant and convey tracts of land within Sandy Point State Forest in King William County south of and including Brooks Creek to the Mattaponi Indian Tribe. The bill also authorizes the Department to grant and convey other tracts of land within Sandy Point State Forest as the Department deems suitable, provided that prior to such conveyance, the Department may enter into discussions with the Tribe, localities, and relevant stakeholders to determine how such tracts of land may be used for the benefit of the public.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: New College Institute; duties.. Description: New College Institute; duties. Requires the New College Institute to design and implement, in collaboration with the Department of Labor and Industry, the Virginia Community College System, the State Council of Higher Education for Virginia, the Virginia Board of Workforce Development, and other relevant agencies and organizations, any workforce development programs necessary to support the initiatives of any relevant agency or office of the Commonwealth, including adult education and workforce training programs. The bill contains a reenactment clause.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Film and television industry; apprenticeship program.. Description: Apprenticeship program; film and television industry. Requires the Director of Workforce Development and Advancement to establish a program to promote apprenticeships in the film and television industry. The Director may provide financial incentives to employers who hire and retain an apprentice in the film and television industry for at least six months. In consultation with the Virginia Film Office, the Director shall establish guidelines and criteria for the program.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Court of Appeals; procedure on appeal; criminal cases.. Description: Court of Appeals; procedure on appeal; criminal cases. Removes the requirement that a copy of a notice of appeal to the Court of Appeals in a criminal case be mailed or delivered to the Attorney General.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Law-enforcement jurisdiction; Frederick County Sheriff's Dept. jurisdiction in/upon certain bldgs.. Description: Jurisdiction of corporate authorities; Frederick County. Grants law-enforcement officers of Frederick County jurisdiction over offenses committed in the City of Winchester within one mile from the county line.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Economic Development Partnership Authority; operational plan submission.. Description: Virginia Economic Development Partnership Authority; operational plan submission. Requires the Virginia Economic Development Partnership Authority to include in the annual report on its operational plan the most recent available audit report from the Auditor of Public Accounts' annual examination of the accounts and books of the Authority and removes the requirement that such report contain the audited financial statements of the Authority for the year ending the previous June 30.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Dorothy Southall.. Description: Celebrating the life of Dorothy Southall.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Office of the State Inspector General; behavioral health and developmental services; required reports.. Description: Office of the State Inspector General; behavioral health and developmental services; required reports. Adds the Behavioral Health Commission to the list of entities to whom the Office of the State Inspector General is required to report on certain issues related to behavioral health and developmental services.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Judges; nominations for election to circuit court.. Description: Nominating persons to be elected to circuit court judgeships.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Pharmacists; collaborative agreements; drug therapy.. Description: Pharmacists; collaborative agreements; drug therapy. Specifies that collaborative agreements between pharmacists and other health care providers may include prescribing for the implementation, modification, continuation, or discontinuation of drug therapy.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Military leaves of absence for employees of the Commonwealth or political subdivisions; law-enforcement officers.. Description: Military leaves of absence for employees of the Commonwealth or political subdivisions; law-enforcement officers. Provides that any person who is employed by the Commonwealth or a political subdivision of the Commonwealth as a law-enforcement officer shall receive paid leaves of absence for up to 388 work hours for which a leave of absence is required, during which such person is engaged in federally funded military duty, to include training duty, or is called forth by the Governor for military duty.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Drug Control Act; Schedule I; Schedule IV.. Description: Drug Control Act; Schedule I; Schedule IV. Adds certain chemicals to Schedules I and IV of the Drug Control Act. The Board of Pharmacy has added these substances in an expedited regulatory process. A substance added via this process is removed from the schedule after 18 months unless a general law is enacted adding the substance to the schedule.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Siting of data centers; site assessment; high energy use facility.. Description: Siting of data centers; site assessment; high energy use facility. Provides that prior to any approval of a rezoning application, special exception, or special use permit for the siting of a new high energy use facility (HEUF), as defined in the bill, a locality shall require that an applicant perform and submit a site assessment to examine the sound profile of the HEUF on residential areas and schools within 500 feet of the HEUF property boundary. The bill also allows a locality to require that a site assessment examine the effect of the proposed facility on (i) water, (ii) agricultural resources, (iii) parks, (iv) registered historic sites, or (v) forestland on the HEUF site or immediately contiguous land. The provisions of the bill shall not apply to a site with an existing legislative or administrative approval where an applicant is seeking an expansion or modification of an already existing or approved facility and such expansion does not exceed an additional 100 megawatts or more of electrical power.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Judges; nominations for election to general district court.. Description: Nominating persons to be elected to general district court judgeships.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Uniform Trust Code; qualified trustee; definition.. Description: Uniform Trust Code; qualified trustee; definition. Expands the definitions of "independent qualified trustee" and "qualified trustee" to authorize additional entities to serve as an independent qualified trustee or a qualified trustee of a qualified self-settled spendthrift trust.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Claims to unclaimed property; authority of administrator.. Description: Claims to unclaimed property; authority of administrator. Authorizes the State Treasurer or his designee to make payments relating to unclaimed property without receiving a claim if the property is cash property, the apparent owner is a natural person and the sole owner of such property, the apparent owner has been identified by the State Treasurer or his designee, and the amount to be paid does not exceed $5,000.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Firearm industry members; standards of responsible conduct; civil liability.. Description: Firearm industry members; standards of responsible conduct; civil liability. Creates standards of responsible conduct for firearm industry members and requires such members to establish and implement reasonable controls regarding the manufacture, sale, distribution, use, and marketing of the firearm industry member's firearm-related products, as those terms are defined in the bill. Such reasonable controls include reasonable procedures, safeguards, and business practices that are designed to (i) prevent the sale or distribution of a firearm-related product to a straw purchaser, a firearm trafficker, a person prohibited from possessing a firearm under state or federal law, or a person who the firearm industry member has reasonable cause to believe is at substantial risk of using a firearm-related product to harm themselves or unlawfully harm another or of unlawfully possessing or using a firearm-related product; (ii) prevent the loss of a firearm-related product or theft of a firearm-related product from a firearm industry member; (iii) ensure that the firearm industry member complies with all provisions of state and federal law and does not otherwise promote the unlawful manufacture, sale, possession, marketing, or use of a firearm-related product; and (iv) ensure that the firearm industry member does not engage in an act or practice in violation of the Virginia Consumer Protection Act. The bill also provides that a firearm industry member may not knowingly or recklessly create, maintain, or contribute to a public nuisance, as defined in the bill, through the sale, manufacturing, importing, or marketing of a firearm-related product. The bill creates a civil cause of action for the Attorney General or a local county or city attorney to enforce the provisions of the bill or for any person who has been injured as a result of a firearm industry member's violation to seek an injunction and to recover costs and damages.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Judges; nominations for election to juvenile and domestic relations district court.. Description: Nominating persons to be elected to juvenile and domestic relations district court judgeships.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Eviction Diversion Pilot Program; name change, expiration repealed.. Description: Eviction Diversion Pilot Program; name change; general application; expiration repealed. Renames the Eviction Diversion Pilot Program as the Eviction Diversion Program, removes the July 1, 2025, expiration date from the Program, and makes the Program available to all general district courts. The bill is a recommendation of the Virginia Housing Commission.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Local Foundation and Soil Management Fund.. Description: Local Foundation and Soil Management Fund. Authorizes a locality by ordinance to create a local Foundation and Soil Management Fund consisting of appropriated local moneys for the purpose of granting funds to an owner of private property or a common interest community for foundation management and soil settlement repairs and prevention on previously developed lands.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Fire insurance; assignment of claims prohibited.. Description: Fire insurance; assignment of claims prohibited. Prohibits a fire insurance policy or a fire insurance policy in combination with other coverages from assigning or otherwise transferring, in whole or in part, to any other person the duties, rights, or benefits of the insured under the policy arising from a claim or covered loss without written consent of the insurer. Any such contract provision is void and unenforceable under the bill.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Office of Data Governance and Analytics; oversight; Chief Data Officer; duties.. Description: Office of Data Governance and Analytics; oversight; Chief Data Officer; duties. Changes oversight of the Office of Data Governance and Analytics from the Office of the Secretary of Administration to the Virginia Information Technologies Agency. The bill directs the Chief Data Officer to obtain from VITA the office space and human resources, procurement, fiscal, and other administrative support and resources that are necessary to support the operations of ODGA.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Charter; City of Portsmouth.. Description: Charter; City of Portsmouth. Amends the charter for the City of Portsmouth by authorizing the City Manager to require city departments to implement appropriate enhancement or remedial measures consistent with prevailing law wherever there exists (i) a compelling government interest, (ii) an analysis that documents a statistically significant disparity between the availability and utilization of minority-owned and women-owned businesses, or (iii) direct evidence by minority-owned businesses or women-owned businesses of the impact of race by discrimination.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of the Honorable William R. O'Brien.. Description: Celebrating the life of the Honorable William R. O'Brien.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Civil immunity; health care professionals; professional programs related to career fatigue and wellness.. Description: Civil immunity; health care professionals; professional programs related to career fatigue and wellness. Expands civil immunity for persons who participate in professional programs related to career fatigue and wellness for health care professionals to include those who participate in programs for (i) any health care professionals licensed, registered, or certified by the Department of Health Professions or (ii) students enrolled in programs that are prerequisites to licensure, registration, or certification by the Department of Health Professions. Under current law, civil immunity extends only to persons participating in programs for (a) professionals licensed, registered, or certified by the Boards of Dentistry, Medicine, Nursing, or Pharmacy or (b) students enrolled in a school of dentistry, dental hygiene, medicine, osteopathic medicine, nursing, or pharmacy.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Va. Residential Landlord and Tenant Act; affordable housing, criminal record screening model policy.. Description: Department of Housing and Community Development; Virginia Residential Landlord and Tenant Act; affordable housing; criminal record screening model policy. Requires the Director of the Department of Housing and Community Development, with input from a stakeholder group convened by the Department of Housing and Community Development, to develop a criminal record screening model policy for admitting or denying an applicant for affordable housing covered under the Virginia Residential Landlord and Tenant Act in accordance with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's guidance on the application of the federal Fair Housing Act and maintain such model policy on its website. The bill prohibits a landlord of an affordable housing unit from inquiring about or requiring disclosure of, or if such information is received, basing an adverse action, in whole or in part, on an applicant's criminal or arrest record unless the landlord does so in accordance with the criminal record screening model policy developed by the Department of Housing and Community Development and posted on its website and provides the applicant with a written copy of such policy.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Health insurance; tobacco surcharge, removes sunset.. Description: Health insurance; tobacco surcharge; sunset. Removes the January 1, 2026, sunset on provisions of current law that eliminate the authority of a health carrier to vary its premium rates based on tobacco use.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Disposition of Unclaimed Property Act; administrator to exercise due diligence to locate owner.. Description: Virginia Disposition of Unclaimed Property Act; administrator to exercise due diligence to locate owner. Requires the State Treasurer or his designee to exercise due diligence to locate the owner of unclaimed funds or abandoned property previously paid or delivered to the State Treasurer or his designee. Such exercise of due diligence shall include, if necessary, that the State Treasurer or his designee coordinate with the Tax Commissioner to provide the Department of the Treasury with relevant tax information for the purposes of locating such owner.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Judicial Inquiry and Review Commission; nomination for election of member.. Description: Nominating persons to be elected as members of the Judicial Inquiry and Review Commission.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Criminal justice purpose; artificial intelligence-based tool, definitions.. Description: Criminal justice risk assessments; human oversight. Requires that the recommendations or predictions provided by any artificial intelligence-based tool, defined in the bill, utilized for criminal justice purposes, including recommendations or predictions related to pretrial release, sentencing, probation, or parole, shall be reviewed and approved by a qualified human decision maker prior to using any such recommendations or predictions in making or informing a final decision. The bill specifies that no decision related to pretrial release, sentencing, probation, or parole may rely solely on the recommendation of an artificial intelligence-based tool without documented human oversight.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Chesapeake, City of; amending charter, dates of elections, etc.. Description: Charter; City of Chesapeake. Amends the charter for the City of Chesapeake to clarify the dates for (i) the election and terms of members of council and the mayor, (ii) when a sitting council member must resign when running for mayor, and (iii) the election of a successor in the event of a vacancy in office.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Auditor of Public Accounts; nomination for election.. Description: Nominating a person to be elected as the Auditor of Public Accounts.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Real Estate Board; regulations related to fees charged to a licensee.. Description: Real Estate Board; regulations related to fees charged to a licensee. Prohibits the Real Estate Board from charging a fee to a real estate licensee for the transfer of such licensee between offices within a licensed real estate firm, including from such firm's primary place of business to one of its branch offices or from a branch office to another branch office under the same primary place of business.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Carbon-free energy or clean energy; definition of fusion energy.. Description: Carbon-free energy or clean energy; fusion energy; definitions. Adds fusion energy, as defined in the bill, to the list of generation sources that qualify as carbon-free energy or clean energy.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Fines, restitution, forfeiture, penalties, other costs; criminal and traffic cases; itemized statement.. Description: Fines, restitution, forfeiture, penalties, other costs; criminal and traffic cases; itemized statement. Requires the clerk of the court to provide an itemized statement to any defendant convicted of a traffic infraction or a violation of any criminal law of the Commonwealth or of any political subdivision thereof, or found not innocent in the case of a juvenile, who is sentenced to pay a fine, restitution, forfeiture, or penalty or assessed any other costs in the circuit court or appropriate district court of his county or city at the time such fine, restitution, forfeiture, penalty, or other costs are assessed, or within a reasonable time after assessment. The bill requires the clerk to also provide an updated statement of the outstanding balances of any fines, forfeiture, and penalties, restitution and costs, or payment history upon request of the defendant. The bill has a delayed effective date of January 1, 2026.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Barbers and Cosmetology, Board for; employment prohibition exceptions.. Description: Board for Barbers and Cosmetology; employment prohibition exceptions; children 16 years of age or older. Allows children 16 years of age or older to serve in a licensed barbershop or cosmetology salon, provided that (i) the child is an apprentice; (ii) the child is participating in a work-training program in accordance with relevant regulations; or (iii) the child has obtained a cosmetology or barber license from the Board for Barbers and Cosmetology.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Marion Senior High School girls' tennis team.. Description: Commending the Marion Senior High School girls' tennis team.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Professional education programs; exemption for programs leading to certain endorsements.. Description: Board of Education; accreditation requirements for professional education programs; exemption for professional education programs leading to certain endorsements. Directs the Board of Education to amend its regulations relating to accreditation requirements for professional education programs in the Commonwealth to require the Department of Education to grant a written exemption from such accreditation requirements for any professional education program that leads to certain administration and supervision and support personnel endorsements and has a secured specialty area accreditation from a specialized accrediting agency recognized by the U.S. Secretary of Education or the Council for Higher Education Accreditation.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: GO Virginia grants; matching funds; sunset repeal.. Description: GO Virginia grants; matching funds; sunset repeal. Removes the July 1, 2025, sunset date of the program allowing a locality to use grant funds awarded by the Tobacco Region Revitalization Commission as matching funds for GO Virginia grants.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: School board policies; parental notification; safe storage of prescription drugs and firearms in the household.. Description: School board policies; parental notification; safe storage of prescription drugs and firearms in the household. Requires each local school board to develop and implement a policy to require the annual notification of the parent of each student enrolled in the local school division, to be sent by email and, if applicable, SMS text message within 30 calendar days succeeding the first day of each school year, of (i) the importance of securely storing any prescription drug, as defined in relevant law, present in the household and (ii) the parent's legal responsibility to safely store any firearm present in the household. The bill requires each school board to make such parental notification available in multiple languages on its website.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Surplus lines broker; person not subject to annual taxes, etc.. Description: Surplus lines broker taxes. Provides that any surplus lines broker or any person required to be licensed as one shall not be subject to the annual taxes, license taxes, or penalties under current law for any policy of insurance procured during the preceding calendar year on behalf of a commuter rail system jointly operated by the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission and the Potomac and Rappahannock Transportation District.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Eminent domain; documents provided to landowner.. Description: Eminent domain; documents provided to landowner. Clarifies that the documents to be provided by the condemnor to a landowner in a condemnation action are those listed in the required title report.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Charter; City of Norfolk.. Description: Charter; City of Norfolk. Amends the charter for the City of Norfolk to exempt the position of deputy fire chief from the classified service.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Tax exemptions; Confederacy organizations.. Description: Tax exemptions; Confederacy organizations. Eliminates the exemption from state recordation taxes for the Virginia Division of the United Daughters of the Confederacy and eliminates the tax-exempt designation for real and personal property owned by the Virginia Division of the United Daughters of the Confederacy, the General Organization of the United Daughters of the Confederacy, the Confederate Memorial Literary Society, the Stonewall Jackson Memorial, Incorporated, the Virginia Division, Sons of Confederate Veterans, and the J.E.B. Stuart Birthplace Preservation Trust, Inc.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Olivia Bryant.. Description: Commending Olivia Bryant.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Urban Public-Private Partnership Redevelopment Fund; funding requirements, report.. Description: Urban Public-Private Partnership Redevelopment Fund; funding requirements; report. Directs the Department of Housing and Community Development to develop criteria and guidelines for the use of funds from the Urban Public-Private Partnership Redevelopment Fund, including prioritizing grants to localities experiencing an above average or high level of fiscal stress as designated by the Commission on Local Government. Under current law, the Board of Housing and Community Development is directed to develop guidelines for administration of the Fund. The bill expands the qualifying private entities available for partnership with a local government for the redevelopment of a local site, removes the existing $500,000 grant cap for such local government, and eliminates the requirement that each grant be conditioned upon a 100 percent match of funds by the local government. In addition, the bill requires the Department, on or before December 1 of each year, to submit a report to the Secretary of Commerce and Trade, the Governor, and the Chairmen of the House Committee on Appropriations and the Senate Committee on Finance and Appropriations, including the number of projects funded and the costs of the Fund. Further, the bill repeals the Housing Revitalization Zone Act. This bill is a recommendation of the Virginia Housing Commission.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverage control; tied house exceptions.. Description: Alcoholic beverage control; tied house exceptions. Removes certain provisions of the exceptions to the tied house limitations that state a manufacturer, bottler, importer, broker, or wholesaler cannot require, by agreement or otherwise, a retailer to exclude from sale at his establishment alcoholic beverages of other manufacturers, bottlers, importers, brokers, or wholesalers in order for the exception to apply. However, the bill retains the general prohibition that no manufacturer, bottler, importer, broker, or wholesaler of alcoholic beverages shall make an agreement, or attempt to make an agreement, with a retail licensee pursuant to which any products sold by a competitor are excluded in whole or in part from the premises on which the retail licensee's business is conducted.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Resale Disclosure Act; resale certificate; responsibility for payment of insurance deductible.. Description: Resale Disclosure Act; resale certificate; responsibility for payment of insurance deductible. Requires the resale certificate form, developed by the Common Interest Community Board, to include a statement indicating that the governing documents of an association may make an owner responsible for payment of all or part of the deductible when making a claim against any insurance provided by the association for the benefit of the owners or insurance coverage recommended or required to be obtained by the owners.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Residential Property Disclosure Act; required disclosures for buyer to beware; aircraft noise.. Description: Virginia Residential Property Disclosure Act; required disclosures for buyer to beware; aircraft noise. Requires that the owner of a residential real property include in the residential property disclosure statement provided to a potential purchaser of such residential real property a statement that the owner makes no representations with respect to whether the property is located in or near an airport noise overlay zone, and purchasers are advised to exercise whatever due diligence they deem necessary to determine whether the property is located in or near such a zone, including (i) reviewing Noise Exposure Maps developed by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration, (ii) visiting the Virginia Department of Aviation's website where such maps are accessible, and (iii) reviewing local ordinances and zoning maps that have adopted such zones. The bill also requires the Department of Aviation to make available on its website such Noise Exposure Maps and requires the Real Estate Board to include the Department of Aviation's website address where such maps can be found on the form for signature by the parties stating that the purchaser has been advised of the disclosures listed in the residential property disclosure statement. This bill is a recommendation of the Virginia Housing Commission.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Contractor Transaction Recovery Fund; claim limits; license threshold amounts.. Description: Virginia Contractor Transaction Recovery Fund; claim limits; license threshold amounts. Increases from $20,000 to $30,000 per claim the individual limit of claims against the Virginia Contractor Transaction Recovery Fund based upon an unpaid judgment arising out of the improper or dishonest conduct of a licensed contractor in connection with a single transaction involving contracting and increases from $40,000 to $100,000 during any biennium the aggregate claim limit against a single licensed contractor. The bill also raises the thresholds for the value of single contracts or projects and the total value of all construction, removal, repair, or improvements undertaken by a contractor in a 12-month period that govern each class of contractor's licenses.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia state militia; officers of certain educational institutions; Randolph-Macon Academy.. Description: Virginia state militia; officers of certain educational institutions; Randolph-Macon Academy. Adds Randolph-Macon Academy to the list of educational institutions of which officers shall be commissioned officers of the Virginia state militia.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Contraception; establishes right to obtain, applicability, enforcement.. Description: Contraception; right to contraception; applicability; enforcement. Establishes a right to obtain contraceptives and engage in contraception, as defined in the bill. The bill creates a cause of action that may be instituted against anyone who infringes on such right.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Residential Landlord and Tenant Act; enforcement by localities.. Description: Virginia Residential Landlord and Tenant Act; enforcement by localities. Provides that if a condition exists in a rental dwelling unit that constitutes a material noncompliance by the landlord with the rental agreement or with any provision of law that, if not promptly corrected, constitutes a fire hazard or serious threat to the life, health, or safety of tenants or occupants of the premises, a locality may institute an action for injunction and damages to enforce the landlord's duty to maintain the rental dwelling unit in a fit and habitable condition, provided that (i) the property where the violation occurred is within the jurisdictional boundaries of the locality and (ii) the locality has notified the landlord who owns the property, either directly or through the managing agent, of the nature of the violation and the landlord has failed to remedy the violation to the satisfaction of the locality within a reasonable time after receiving such notice.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Uniform Easement Relocation Act.. Description: Uniform Easement Relocation Act. Creates the Uniform Easement Relocation Act, which allows the owner of real estate burdened by an easement to obtain a court order to relocate the easement if the relocation does not materially impair, among other impairments, (i) the utility of the easement holder or (ii) the physical condition, use, or value of the benefited property. The Act requires that the burdened property owner file a civil action, give notice to other potentially affected real property interest owners, and bear the costs of relocation. Under current law, the owner of land that is subject to an easement may seek relocation of the easement on the servient estate upon petition to the circuit court and notice to all parties in interest, and the petition will be granted if, after a hearing held, the court finds that (a) the relocation will not result in economic damage to the parties in interest, (b) there will be no undue hardship created by the relocation, and (c) the easement has been in existence for not less than 10 years.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Grayson County High School.. Description: Commending Grayson County High School.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Services for sexual assault patients; provision of information for sexual assault patients; Task Force on Services for Survivors of Sexual Assault; work group; report.. Description: Services for sexual assault patients; provision of information for sexual assault patients; Task Force on Services for Survivors of Sexual Assault; work group; report. Changes instances of "sexual assault survivor" and its variations to "sexual assault patient." The bill requires health care facilities to provide information on local or statewide sexual and domestic violence advocacy services to adult and pediatric patients. The bill removes language requiring hospitals to enter into a memorandum of understanding with rape crisis centers, removes language allowing sexual assault patients to be transferred to clinics, and repeals the statute establishing the Task Force on Services for Survivors of Sexual Assault. The bill directs the Director of the Department of Criminal Justice Services to convene a work group to address sustainable funding for sexual assault medical forensic examinations and services. The bill requires the work group to submit a report with recommendations to the Chairs of the House Committee on Health and Human Services, the House Committee on Appropriations, the Senate Committee on Education and Health, and the Senate Committee on Finance and Appropriations by November 1, 2025.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Sex Trafficking Response Coordinator; name change.. Description: Sex Trafficking Response Coordinator; name change. Renames the Sex Trafficking Response Coordinator as the Human Trafficking Response Coordinator within the Department of Criminal Justice Services. The bill also changes related references from "sex trafficking" to "human trafficking."

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Voter registration; time period for closing registration records before certain elections.. Description: Voter registration; time period for closing registration records before certain elections. Reduces from 21 to 10 days the number of days during which registration records are closed before primary and general elections and from 13 to 10 days the number of days during which registration records are closed before special elections that are not called by the Governor, Speaker of the House of Delegates, or President pro tempore of the Senate.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Lamuel Scott Prater.. Description: Celebrating the life of Lamuel Scott Prater.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Candidates for office; persons entitled to have name printed on ballot; required campaign finance reports.. Description: Candidates for office; persons entitled to have name printed on ballot; required campaign finance reports. Provides that a person who fails to file at least one of the campaign finance reports required by law to be filed in an election year by July 20 is not entitled to have his name printed on the ballot at the general election for the office sought.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Compensation of court-appointed counsel.. Description: Compensation of court-appointed counsel. Clarifies that, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, no person found indigent or child's parents or other persons responsible for the care of a child found indigent and who is represented by a public defender or court-appointed counsel shall have fees assessed against them for legal representation in an amount greater than the amount such person or such child would have owed if the assessment took place on or before June 30, 2024. This bill is a recommendation of the Virginia Indigent Defense Commission.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Foreign protective orders in cases of family abuse; enforcement.. Description: Foreign protective orders in cases of family abuse; enforcement. Clarifies that the same criminal penalty applies for any person who violates the provisions of a foreign protective order in a case of family abuse that is accorded full faith and credit and is enforceable in the Commonwealth as if it were an order of the Commonwealth. This bill is a recommendation of the Judicial Council of Virginia.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Disposable plastic bag tax; distribution to towns.. Description: Disposable plastic bag tax; distribution to towns. Provides that any town located within a county that has imposed a disposable plastic bag tax shall receive a distribution of revenues collected by the county based on the local sales tax distribution formula for appropriations to towns. The bill requires that towns use such revenues for the same purposes allowable for a county or city.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Uniform Trust Code; adds "electronic" to definitions in Code.. Description: Uniform Trust Code; definitions. Adds "electronic" to the definitions in the Uniform Trust Code. The bill also amends the definition of "trust instrument."

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Divorce; adultery, filing, parties living separate and apart.. Description: Divorce; adultery; filing; parties living separate and apart. Specifies that a divorce may be decreed on the grounds of adultery, provided that such adultery occurred prior to the final separation of the parties. The bill further allows for a divorce from bed and board to be decreed on the application of either party upon the parties living separate and apart; under current law, a divorce from bed and board may only be decreed for cruelty, reasonable apprehension of bodily hurt, willful desertion, or abandonment. The bill specifies that no waiting period is required for the filing for such a divorce, but the decree of such a divorce may only be decreed pursuant to certain requirements otherwise specified in the law.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Insurance agents; appointments and terminations.. Description: Insurance agents; appointments and terminations. Amends the process for the appointment of insurance agents and agencies by insurers as administered by the Bureau of Insurance of the State Corporation Commission. The bill also revises certain requirements of an insurer or authorized representative that terminates an appointment of an agent that is found to have engaged in conduct prohibited by existing law.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Carbon-free energy or clean energy; definition of fusion energy.. Description: Carbon-free energy or clean energy; fusion energy; definitions. Adds fusion energy, as defined in the bill, to the list of generation sources that qualify as carbon-free energy or clean energy.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Lawrence Douglas Wilder.. Description: Commending Lawrence Douglas Wilder.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Concealed handgun permits; reciprocity with other states.. Description: Concealed handgun permits; reciprocity with other states. Provides that the Superintendent of State Police, in consultation with the Office of the Attorney General, shall determine whether states meet the statutory qualifications for Virginia to recognize the concealed handgun permit of a person from another state. Under current law, any out-of-state permit is recognized in the Commonwealth provided that (i) the issuing authority provides the means for instantaneous verification of the validity of all such permits or licenses issued within that state, accessible 24 hours a day; (ii) the permit or license holder carries a photo identification issued by a government agency of any state or by the U.S. Department of Defense or U.S. Department of State and displays the permit or license and such identification upon demand by a law-enforcement officer; and (iii) the permit or license holder has not previously had a Virginia concealed handgun permit revoked. The bill also provides that a Virginia resident who has not been issued a valid resident concealed handgun permit may not use a concealed handgun or concealed weapon permit or license issued by another state to carry a concealed handgun in the Commonwealth. The bill requires the Superintendent of State Police, in consultation with the Office of the Attorney General, to review any agreements for reciprocal recognition that are in place with any other states as of July 1, 2025, to determine whether the requirements and qualifications of those states' laws are adequate to prevent possession of a permit or license by persons who would be denied a permit in the Commonwealth and revoke any reciprocity agreement or recognition of any states that do not meet such requirements or qualifications by December 1, 2025. The bill requires the Attorney General to provide a written explanation for any determination that a state's laws are adequate to prevent possession of such permit or license by persons who would be denied such permit in the Commonwealth.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Agricultural commodity boards; Agricultural Council, appointment and membership terms.. Description: Agricultural commodity boards; Agricultural Council; appointment and membership terms; production areas. Amends various provisions relating to the appointment, terms, and quorums of agricultural commodity boards, including the Cotton Board, Egg Board, and Tobacco Board. The bill eliminates the Pork Industry Board and amends membership terms for the Agricultural Council so that (i) each term is for four years and (ii) no member other than an ex officio member is eligible to serve more than two consecutive terms, except that any person appointed to fill a vacancy may serve two additional consecutive terms after the term of such vacancy that such person was appointed to fill has expired. The bill also amends the production areas for the purposes of membership appointment procedures for the Cotton Board and the Tobacco Board.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Lottery; disclosure of identity of winners.. Description: Virginia Lottery; disclosure of identity of winners. Prohibits the Virginia Lottery (the Department) from disclosing information about any individual winner whose prize is $1 million or greater and exempts such information from disclosure under the Virginia Freedom of Information Act unless the winner consents to such disclosure. Under current law, the Department is prohibited from disclosing information about any individual winner whose prize exceeds $10 million.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Persons with disabilities; rights to the full and free use of public playgrounds.. Description: Rights of persons with disabilities; public places; playgrounds. Clarifies that persons with disabilities have the same rights as other persons to the full and free use of public playgrounds.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Human Resource Management, Department of; establishing a career group for licensed behavior analysts. Description: Department of Human Resource Management; stakeholder advisory group; establishing a career group for licensed behavior analysts; report. Directs the Department of Human Resource Management to convene a stakeholder advisory group to provide advice to the Department on establishing a career group and any other necessary associated defined roles within the health and human services occupational family for licensed behavior analysts employed by the Commonwealth. The bill directs the advisory group to submit its findings and recommendations to the Department no later than November 1, 2025. The Department is directed to establish such career group and necessary associated defined roles by July 1, 2026.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Students with disabilities; individualized accommodations and supports during emergency evacuations.. Description: Students with individualized education programs or Section 504 Plans; emergency protocol and guide. Requires each individualized education program implemented for a public school student with a disability in accordance with the federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act and each Section 504 Plan implemented for a public school student in accordance with Â§ 504 of the federal Rehabilitation Act of 1973 to contain an addendum that has been reviewed and signed by the student's parent and that includes a protocol for individualized accommodations and supports for the student during emergency situations at school and a step-by-step guide on how to execute such protocol. The bill requires such addendum to be provided to all of such student's teachers for implementation.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Property Assessed Clean Energy (C-PACE); changes to financing program, definitions.. Description: C-PACE financing programs. Makes several changes to the Commercial Property Assessed Clean Energy (C-PACE) financing program, including adding references to a borrower, defined in the bill to include a leasehold owner, who may also be eligible for a C-PACE loan with consent of the fee simple property owner. The bill also (i) expands the definition of eligible properties to include common areas of a condominium, (ii) changes from two years to three years from a locality's issuance of a certificate of occupancy the time period by which a local C-PACE ordinance may allow submittal of a loan application, and (iii) provides that a locality agrees to execute a locality agreement within 30 days of the adoption of the ordinance that opts them into the statewide C-PACE loan program.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Comprehensive plan; social determinants of health.. Description: Comprehensive plan; social determinants of health. Encourages localities to utilize relevant and available data and research related to social determinants of health to consider how the locality's adopted comprehensive plan will impact the localitys overall public health and access to health care services.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicle sales and use tax; abandoned vehicles not sold at auction.. Description: Motor vehicle sales and use tax; abandoned vehicles not sold at auction. Clarifies the basis by which the motor vehicle sales and use tax is calculated in cases where a person is applying for a title to an abandoned motor vehicle that is in their possession and did not sell at auction.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Amber warning lights; certain department of social services vehicles.. Description: Amber warning lights; certain department of social services vehicles. Authorizes the use of amber warning lights on vehicles used by a local department of social services to respond to a request for assistance from law-enforcement agency personnel.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Limitation on prosecution of felony due to lapse of time after finding of probable cause; certified misdemeanors.. Description: Limitation on prosecution of felony due to lapse of time after finding of probable cause; certified misdemeanors. Provides that the existing statutory speedy trial protections applicable to a felony prosecution also apply to a misdemeanor certified to circuit court pursuant to relevant law. This bill is a recommendation of the Virginia Criminal Justice Conference.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Nursing, Board of; waiver of regulations related to nursing faculty ratios.. Description: Board of Nursing; faculty supervision of direct client care; faculty-to-student ratio. Directs the Board of Nursing to amend its regulations to allow faculty supervising direct client care by nursing students to supervise up to 15 students per faculty member. Current regulations permit faculty to supervise up to 10 students providing such care per faculty member without the utilization of a preceptor.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Transfer on death deeds; inter vivos deed conveying real property to another.. Description: Transfer on death deeds; inter vivos deed conveying real property to another; emergency.Provides that an inter vivos deed is effective to revoke a recorded transfer on death deed if such inter vivos deed conveys real property to another so the transferor is no longer the owner at the time of the transferor's death. Under current law, an inter vivos deed is effective to revoke a transfer on death deed if it expressly revokes all or part of the transfer on death deed. The bill contains an emergency clause.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Retired or former law-enforcement officers; definition, publication of personal information.. Description: Publication of personal information of retired or former law-enforcement officers. Adds retired or former law-enforcement officers, defined in the bill, to the definition of "public official" for the purposes of prohibiting the Commonwealth from publishing a public official's personal information on the Internet. The bill provides that the demand in writing required to prohibit the publication of such personal information shall be effective for a period of four years, provided that such retired or former law-enforcement officer was retired or ended his service within four years of filing a petition with a circuit court.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Public schools; enrollment of certain military children with disabilities; provision of special education services and accommodations.. Description: Public schools; enrollment of certain military children with disabilities; provision of special education services and accommodations. Provides that whenever a child of a service member who enrolls in a school division in accordance with applicable law is also a child with disabilities, the school board of the school division is required to, upon receipt of documentation from the service member parent or an official letter from the service member's command indicating such service member's relocation to such school division, coordinate with such child's parent and such child's previous school division to facilitate the prompt provision of comparable special education services and accommodations for such child.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Public elementary and secondary schools; enrollment; dependent students of active duty service members; policies.. Description: Public elementary and secondary schools; enrollment; dependent students of active duty service members; policies. Requires each school board to establish and implement policies providing for the enrollment of any student, upon request of such student's parent, (i) who does not reside within the applicable school division, (ii) whose parent is a full-time active duty member of the uniformed services of the United States and for whom the Commonwealth is the home of record, and (iii) who meets the other requirements set forth in the bill. The bill permits such policies to provide for the denial of any such enrollment request if the school board can demonstrate that it lacks the resources or capacity to meet the student's documented special education needs pursuant to the student's Individualized Education Program.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Defendants; payment of costs when proceedings deferred and person placed on probation.. Description: Payment of costs when proceedings deferred and defendant placed on probation. Allows a circuit or district court that has deferred proceedings pursuant to relevant law discretion to impose costs upon the defendant but prohibits the court from requiring such costs to be paid in full as a condition for the dismissal of proceedings in a criminal case. Current law requires such costs to be paid prior to dismissal.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Warm Springs Valley Garden Club.. Description: Commending the Warm Springs Valley Garden Club.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: License to teach dentistry; foreign dental program graduates; repeal sunset.. Description: License to teach dentistry; foreign dental program graduates; repeal sunset. Repeals the July 1, 2025, sunset on the current provision of law allowing the Board of Dentistry to grant, without examination, a faculty license to teach dentistry in an accredited dental program to a graduate of a dental school or college or the dental department of an institution of higher education in a foreign country who has been granted a certification letter from the dean or program director of an accredited dental program confirming that the applicant has clinical competency and clinical experience that meet the credentialing standards of the dental school with which the applicant is to be affiliated.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Public elementary and secondary schools; nutritional standards for school meals and other foods.. Description: Public elementary and secondary schools; nutritional standards for school meals and other foods; nutrition requirements; certain color additives prohibited. Prohibits any public elementary or secondary school from offering or making available to any student any food served as a part of a school meal or any competitive food, as defined in applicable law, that contains any of the seven color additives listed in the bill. The bill directs the Board of Education to amend its nutritional guidelines for competitive foods promulgated pursuant to relevant law in accordance with the provisions of the bill.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Wills, trusts, and fiduciaries; Consumer Price Index adjustments, modification of uneconomic trust.. Description: Wills, trusts, and fiduciaries; Consumer Price Index adjustments. Increases various dollar amounts relating to wills, estates, trusts, fiduciaries, guardianships of minors, and guardianships of incapacitated persons to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for all urban consumers (CPI-U) as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. Department of Labor.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Income Qualified Energy Efficiency and Weatherization Task Force; established, report.. Description: Department of Housing and Community Development; Income Qualified Energy Efficiency and Weatherization Task Force established; report. Directs the Department of Housing and Community Development to establish, in collaboration with the Department of Energy, and with assistance from the Department of Social Services, the Income Qualified Energy Efficiency and Weatherization Task Force to evaluate ways to coordinate government and utility services and resources to more effectively deliver energy efficient housing, weatherization resources, and energy efficiency upgrades for low-income individuals and households in the Commonwealth residing in small and large multifamily buildings, single-family dwellings, and manufactured homes. The bill requires the Task Force to meet at least six times between July 1, 2025, and September 30, 2026, and to submit a report of its findings and recommendations no later than October 30, 2026. The bill specifies that such report shall include policy recommendations and a plan to ensure that weatherization-ready repairs and whole-home energy efficiency retrofits are provided to all eligible low-income individuals and households in the Commonwealth residing in small and large multifamily buildings, single-family dwellings, and manufactured homes by December 31, 2033.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Carlehr Swanson.. Description: Commending Carlehr Swanson.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Abandoned Mine Land Grant Retention Fund established.. Description: Abandoned Mine Land Grant Retention Fund established. Establishes the Abandoned Mine Land Grant Retention Fund and requires any eligible designated funds received under the federal Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act to be deposited into the Fund. The bill authorizes the Director of the Department of Energy to provide grants for certain projects described in the federal Act relating to the protection of public health, safety, and property from the adverse effects of coal mining practices.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Firearm transfers to another person from a prohibited person.. Description: Firearm transfers to another person from a prohibited person. Provides that a person who is prohibited from possessing a firearm because such person is subject to a protective order or has been convicted of an assault and battery of a family or household member may transfer a firearm owned by such prohibited person to any person who is not otherwise prohibited by law from possessing such firearm, provided that such person who is not otherwise prohibited by law from possessing such firearm is 21 years of age or older and does not reside with the person who is subject to the protective order. Under current law, there is no requirement that such transferee cannot be younger than 21 years of age and cannot reside with such prohibited person. The bill also provides that such prohibited person who transfers, sells, or surrenders a firearm pursuant to the provisions of the bill shall inform the clerk of the court of the name and address of the transferee, the federally licensed firearms dealer, or the law-enforcement agency in possession of the firearm and shall provide a copy of such form to the transferee. The bill also provides that a person who is prohibited from possessing a firearm because such person is subject to a protective order or has been convicted of an assault and battery of a family or household member shall be advised that a law-enforcement officer may obtain a search warrant to search for any firearms from such person if such law-enforcement officer has reason to believe that such person has not relinquished all firearms in his possession.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Board of Education; support services personnel; annual collection of certain staffing data required; report.. Description: Board of Education; support services personnel; annual collection of certain staffing data required; report. Requires (i) each school board to, beginning with the 2025-2026 school year, annually collect and submit to the Department of Education a report on data on the average salaries of support services personnel, as that term is defined in the bill, employed by the school board and (ii) the Department to, beginning with the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026, annually compile, include in the Annual School Report, and publicly post such data on the Department's website. The bill requires each school board and the Department to disaggregate the data by career categories of support services personnel and specialized student support personnel as set forth in applicable law.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Portable changeable message signs; certain vehicles authorized to be equipped with signs.. Description: Portable changeable message signs; certain vehicles. Authorizes certain towing, traffic management, and highway maintenance vehicles to be equipped with a portable changeable message sign that may be used without prior authorization from the Department of Transportation, provided that certain conditions are met.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Affordable housing; application for special use permit for assisted living facilities.. Description: Affordable housing; assisted living facilities. Allows localities that have adopted an affordable housing program to negotiate that in an application for a special exception or special use permit affordable rental units be included for any proposed development of an assisted living facility. Such ordinance shall apply to applications approved on or after January 1, 2026.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Community Flood Preparedness Fund; loan and grant program, eligible recipients.. Description: Virginia Community Flood Preparedness Fund; loan and grant program; eligible recipients; federally recognized tribes and Virginia recognized tribes. Expands the type of eligible recipients for loans and grants from the Virginia Community Flood Preparedness Fund to include federally recognized tribes and Virginia recognized tribes. Under current law, only localities are eligible to receive loans or grants from the Fund.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Health insurance; carrier business practices, method of payment for claims.. Description: Health insurance; carrier business practices; method of payment for claims. Requires a health insurance carrier, or entity completing a transaction of behalf of the carrier, prior to paying a claim using a credit card or electronic funds transfer payment method that imposes a transaction or processing fee or similar charge on the provider, to notify the provider that such a fee or similar charge will apply and to offer the provider an alternative payment method that does not impose such a fee or similar charge. If the provider elects to accept the alternative payment method, the bill specifies that the carrier is required to pay the claim using such alternative payment method.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Intelligent Speed Assistance Program; established, penalty.. Description: Intelligent Speed Assistance Program established; penalty. Establishes the Intelligent Speed Assistance Program to be administered by the Commission on the Virginia Alcohol Safety Action Program. The bill authorizes enrollment in such Program as an alternative to suspending a person's driver's license upon such person's conviction of certain speed-related offenses and requires a court to order enrollment in such Program for a person convicted of reckless driving and who was found to have been driving in excess of 100 miles per hour. The bill requires any participant in the Program to install an intelligent speed assistance system, defined in the bill, in any motor vehicle owned by or registered to the participant and prohibits the participant from driving any motor vehicle that does not have such a system installed. The bill creates a Class 1 misdemeanor for tampering with or attempting to bypass or circumvent such a system.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Regional correctional facilities; investigation of acts of violence.. Description: Local correctional facilities; investigation of acts of violence; designated local law-enforcement agency. Requires the sheriff, jail superintendent or other jail administrator, or other person in charge of a local correctional facility to designate a local law-enforcement agency to have the duty and authority to investigate any act of violence that occurs within a local correctional facility. The bill requires the sheriff, jail superintendent or other jail administrator, or other person in charge of a local correctional facility to enter into a memorandum of understanding with such designated local law-enforcement agency setting forth the procedures for the investigation of such acts of violence and the respective roles and responsibilities of the sheriff, jail superintendent or other jail administrator, or other person in charge of a local correctional facility and the local law-enforcement agency. The bill also requires the State Board of Local and Regional Jails to establish policies and procedures for sheriffs, jail superintendents or other jail administrators, or other persons in charge of a local correctional facility to designate such local law-enforcement agencies and enter into such memorandums of understanding.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Criminal Sentencing Commission; increase membership.. Description: Membership of Virginia Criminal Sentencing Commission. Adds the executive director of the Virginia Indigent Defense Commission to the membership of the Virginia Criminal Sentencing Commission. This bill is a recommendation of the Virginia Indigent Defense Commission.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Derelict buildings; expands authority of localities to impose civil penalties.. Description: Derelict buildings; civil penalties. Expands the authority of localities to impose civil penalties not exceeding $500 per month on the owners of certain derelict buildings to include non-residential property. Current law limits such civil penalties to residential property.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Affordable dwelling unit program; City of Falls Church.. Description: Affordable dwelling unit program; City of Falls Church. Adds the City of Falls Church to the list of localities with authority to provide for an affordable dwelling unit program.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prescription drug price transparency; pharmacy services administrative organizations.. Description: Prescription drug price transparency; pharmacy services administrative organizations. Requires pharmacy services administrative organizations to submit information on reimbursement rates and fees to the nonprofit data services organization that contracts with the Department of Health to provide prescription drug price transparency information.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Grant Holloway.. Description: Commending Grant Holloway.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Senate; 2025 operating resolution.. Description: 2025 Senate operating resolution.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of John Wilder McMillan, Jr.. Description: Celebrating the life of John Wilder McMillan, Jr.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Robert Douglas Wright.. Description: Celebrating the life of Robert Douglas Wright.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Charlotte Hall Hutt.. Description: Celebrating the life of Charlotte Hall Hutt.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Malcolm Tecumseh Custalow, Jr.. Description: Celebrating the life of Malcolm Tecumseh Custalow, Jr.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Brunswick Academy softball team.. Description: Commending the Brunswick Academy softball team.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Benn's United Methodist Church.. Description: Commending Benns United Methodist Church.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Bethany Presbyterian Church.. Description: Commending Bethany Presbyterian Church.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Certified registered nurse anesthetists; supervision during an operation or procedure.. Description: Supervision of certified registered nurse anesthetists; work group; report. Clarifies that supervision of a certified registered nurse anesthetist requires that a licensed doctor of medicine, osteopathy, podiatry, or dentistry is present during an operation or procedure or is immediately available to respond and provide patient care as needed. The bill directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources, in collaboration with the Board of Medicine, Board of Nursing, and Department of Health Professions, to convene a work group of relevant stakeholders to evaluate and make recommendations to increase the anesthesia provider workforce in the Commonwealth. The bill requires the work group to report its recommendations to the Chairmen of the Senate Committee on Education and Health and the House Committee on Health and Human Services by November 1, 2024.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Zoning; enhanced civil penalties for violations involving nonpermitted commercial uses.. Description: Zoning; civil penalties; commercial uses. Allows enhanced civil penalties for zoning violations involving nonpermitted commercial uses. The bill also requires that for any violation involving nonpermitted commercial uses, a person who admits liability shall be required to abate or remedy the nonpermitted commercial use violation within a period of time specified by the locality that is no less than 30 days but no more than 24 months from the date of admission of liability.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Public elementary and secondary schools; cardiac emergency response plans required.. Description: Public elementary and secondary schools; cardiac emergency response plans required; grant program established. Requires each public elementary or secondary school to develop a cardiac emergency response plan (CERP) that addresses the appropriate use of school personnel to respond to incidents involving an individual who is experiencing sudden cardiac arrest or a similar life-threatening emergency while on school grounds and, in the event that such school has an athletic department or organized athletic program, while attending or participating in an athletic practice or event. The bill requires each such CERP to integrate nationally recognized evidence-based core elements such as those recommended by the American Heart Association guidelines and to integrate certain provisions and guidelines, including those relating to establishing a cardiac emergency response team, activating such team in response to a sudden cardiac event, and integrating the CERP into the local community's emergency medical services response protocols. The bill also requires, with such funds as may be appropriated for such purpose pursuant to the general appropriation act, the Department to establish and administer the CERP Grant Program for the purpose of awarding grants, on a competitive basis, to any public elementary or secondary school to assist such school in the development or implementation of its CERP or in the purchase or funding of activities or equipment that further promotes CERP preparedness, giving priority to certain high-need schools.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Lieutenant Colonel Theresa M. Claiborne, USAF, Ret.. Description: Commending Lieutenant Colonel Theresa M. Claiborne, USAF, Ret.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Retirement system; animal control officers to receive benefits.. Description: Virginia retirement system; enhanced retirement benefits; animal control officers. Adds full-time animal control officers to the list of local employees eligible to receive enhanced retirement benefits for hazardous duty service for service earned in such positions on or after July 1, 2025, and in certain circumstances service earned prior to that date. Under current law, localities may provide such benefits to first responders, including firefighters and emergency medical technicians, and certain other hazardous duty positions. The bill has a delayed effective date of July 1, 2025.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Highway use fee; DMV to convene work group to determine tiered flat rate system, report.. Description: Department of Motor Vehicles; highway use fee; tiered flat rate system; work group; report. Directs the Department of Motor Vehicles to convene a work group to determine the feasibility of implementing a tiered flat rate system to accurately determine the correct amount of highway use fee to be charged at the point of sale of a motor vehicle. The bill directs the work group to complete its work and report its findings and recommendations to the Chairs of the Senate and House Committees on Transportation no later than November 15, 2024.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Producers Peanut Company.. Description: Commending Producers Peanut Company.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Breakthrough Therapies for Veteran Suicide Prevention, Advisory Council on; placement of Council.. Description: Health Commissioner; work group; recommendations on Advisory Council on Breakthrough Therapies for Veteran Suicide Prevention. Directs the State Health Commissioner to establish a work group to examine the feasibility of and make recommendations for the placement and infrastructure of an Advisory Council on Breakthrough Therapies for Veteran Suicide Prevention.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Parking Lot Solar Development Program; established, report.. Description: Parking Lot Solar Development Pilot Grant Program; report. Establishes the Parking Lot Solar Development Pilot Grant Program for the purpose of encouraging development of distributed parking lot solar projects up to one megawatt in size in Chesterfield County and Richmond City through grants. The bill directs the Department of Energy, in consultation with the Department of Environmental Quality, to administer such program, to establish and publish guidelines and criteria for solar projects funded through such program, and to report annually to the General Assembly regarding the administration of the program for the preceding fiscal year.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Presidential primaries; ranked choice voting, effective clause.. Description: Elections; presidential primaries; ranked choice voting. Allows political parties to hold presidential primaries using ballots that allow a voter to rank such party's candidates in his order of choice. The bill includes a reenactment clause.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Smithfield High School Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps rifle team.. Description: Commending the Smithfield High School Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps rifle team.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Health care; decision-making, definitions, medical aid in dying, penalties.. Description: Health care; decision-making; end of life; penalties. Allows an adult diagnosed with a terminal disease to request and an attending health care provider to prescribe a self-administered controlled substance for the purpose of ending the patient's life. The bill requires that a patient's request for a self-administered controlled substance to end his life must be given orally on two occasions and in writing, signed by the patient and one witness, and that the patient be given an express opportunity to rescind his request at any time. The bill makes it a Class 2 felony (i) to willfully and deliberately alter, forge, conceal, or destroy a patient's request, or rescission of request, for a self-administered controlled substance to end his life with the intent and effect of causing the patient's death; (ii) to coerce, intimidate, or exert undue influence on a patient to request a self-administered controlled substance for the purpose of ending his life or to destroy the patient's rescission of such request with the intent and effect of causing the patient's death; or (iii) to coerce, intimidate, or exert undue influence on a patient to forgo a self-administered controlled substance for the purpose of ending the patient's life. The bill also grants immunity from civil or criminal liability and professional disciplinary action to any person who complies with the provisions of the bill and allows health care providers to refuse to participate in the provision of a self-administered controlled substance to a patient for the purpose of ending the patient's life.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia First Manufacturing Incentive Program; Manufacturing Development Commission to create.. Description: Virginia First Manufacturing Incentive Program. Directs the Manufacturing Development Commission (the Commission) to develop a budget and business plan to establish a Virginia First Manufacturing Incentive Program (the Program). The bill provides that the business plan shall identify existing manufacturers in the Commonwealth that are potential candidates for reshoring, near-shoring, or in-shoring manufacturing jobs and capital investments. The bill directs that the Program focus on expanding and recruiting manufacturing operations that produce products identified as critical infrastructure by providing discretionary incentive funding for trade adjustment assistance. Finally, the bill requires that the Commission present the budget and business plan to the Secretary of Commerce and Trade and the Chairmen of the House Committee on General Laws and the Senate Committee on General Laws and Technology by October 1, 2024. 

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Zoning; development and use of accessory dwelling units.. Description: Zoning; development and use of accessory dwelling units. Requires a locality to include in its zoning ordinances for residential zoning districts accessory dwelling units, or ADUs, as defined in the bill, as a permitted accessory use. The bill requires a person to seek a permit for an ADU from the locality, requires the locality to issue such permit if the person meets certain requirements enumerated in the bill, and restricts the fee for such permit to $250 or less. The bill prohibits the locality from requiring rear or side setbacks for the ADU greater than that of the primary dwelling or consanguinity or affinity between the occupants of the ADU and the primary dwelling. The bill has a delayed effective date of July 1, 2025.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Voter registration; registration of DMV customers, updates to existing registration.. Description: Voter registration; registration of Department of Motor Vehicles customers, automatic update. Provides that the information gathered by the Department of Motor Vehicles for a person who is already registered to vote is to be automatically transmitted to the Department of Elections for the purpose of updating an existing voter registration record name or address change and to return a voter to active status from inactive status, as appropriate. Under current law, a person must be presented with the option to decline to have his information transmitted to the Department of Elections before such information may be transmitted.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Misdemeanor; maximum term of confinement.. Description: Misdemeanor; maximum term of confinement. Reduces from 12 months to 364 days the maximum term of confinement in jail for a Class 1 misdemeanor. The bill contains technical amendments. The bill also requires the Virginia Criminal Sentencing Commission to revise all labels on Sentencing Guidelines worksheets and instructions in the Sentencing Guidelines manual so that any conviction for an offense defined as a Class 1 misdemeanor or any other misdemeanor with a maximum penalty of 364 days of incarceration, as provided by the bill, shall be scored as if the maximum penalty were 12 months for the purposes of preparing and using the discretionary sentencing guidelines.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: VA Military Survivors & Dependents Education Program; work group to evaluate, etc., Program.. Description: Virginia Military Survivors and Dependents Education Program; work group to evaluate and make recommendations on improving long-term viability; report. Directs the Secretary of Finance, in collaboration with the Secretary of Veterans and Defense Affairs and the Secretary of Education, to convene a stakeholder work group for the purpose of evaluating the Virginia Military Survivors and Dependents Education Program and making recommendations on legislative actions and budgetary modifications that could improve the stability, strength, and long-term viability of the Program. The bill requires the Secretary of Finance to submit the work group's recommendations to the Governor and the Chairs of the House Committee on Education and the Senate Committee on Education and Health by November 1, 2024.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Data Protection Act; social media platforms, addictive feed.. Description: Consumer Data Protection Act; social media platforms; addictive feed. Prohibits a person that operates a social media platform that has knowledge that a user of the social media platform is a child under the age of 18 from using an addictive feed, defined in the bill, unless such social media platform obtains verifiable parental consent.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Campaign finance; prohibited personal use of campaign funds, complaints, hearings, civil penalty.. Description: Campaign finance; prohibited personal use of campaign funds; complaints, hearings, civil penalty, and advisory opinions. Prohibits any person from converting contributions to a candidate or his campaign committee to personal use. Current law only prohibits such conversion of contributions with regard to disbursement of surplus funds at the dissolution of a campaign or political committee. The bill provides that a contribution is considered to have been converted to personal use if the contribution, in whole or in part, is used to fulfill any commitment, obligation, or expense that would exist irrespective of the person's seeking, holding, or maintaining public office but allows a contribution to be used for the ordinary and accepted expenses related to campaigning for or holding elective office, including the use of campaign funds to pay for the candidate's child care expenses that are incurred as a direct result of campaign activity. The bill provides that any person subject to the personal use ban may request an advisory opinion from the State Board of Elections on such matters. The bill directs the State Board of Elections to adopt emergency regulations similar to those promulgated by the Federal Election Commission to implement the provisions of the bill and to publish an updated summary of Virginia campaign finance law that reflects the State Board of Elections' and Attorney General's guidance on the provisions of such law that prohibit the personal use of campaign funds and any new regulations promulgated by the State Board of Elections.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Retirement System; service retirement allowance for certain judges.. Description: Virginia Retirement System; increased retirement allowance for certain judges. Provides that judges appointed or elected to an initial term on or after July 1, 2024, and who are at least age 55 at the time of appointment will be placed in Plan 1 with service weighted at 3.5.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Political campaign advertisements; advertisements sponsored by a person or nonparty committee.. Description: Elections; political campaign advertisements; advertisements sponsored by a person or political committee that is not a party committee. Prohibits any person from printing or circulating unofficial sample ballots unless they (i) are not printed on white paper, (ii) include the words "sample ballot," (iii) include the statement: "Paid for by [Name of the sponsor as defined by Â§ 24.2-956.1]," and (iv) include the statement "Authorized by [Name of political party]" or "Not authorized by a political party."

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Petition for modification of a sentence; eligibility, procedures.. Description: Petition for modification of a sentence; eligibility; procedures. Provides procedures for individuals serving a sentence for certain felony convictions or a combination of such convictions who remain incarcerated in a state or local correctional facility or secure facility and meet certain criteria to petition the circuit court that entered the original judgment or order to (i) suspend the unserved portion of such sentence or run the unserved portion of such sentence concurrently with another sentence, (ii) place such person on probation for such time as the court shall determine, or (iii) otherwise modify the sentence imposed. Depending on the type of conviction, the bill allows the court to grant a hearing on such petition after an individual has served at least 25 years for certain offenses, after 20 years for certain other offenses, and after 15 years for any other felony conviction not specified. The bill does not allow an individual convicted of a Class 1 felony to petition for modification of his sentence. The bill requires the attorney for the Commonwealth and the victim to agree to hearing the petition in order for a court to conduct the hearing.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Regional career and technical education program; establishing in Planning District 2.. Description: Department of Education; Virginia Community College System; regional career and technical education program. Directs the Department of Education, in collaboration with the Virginia Community College System, the Virginia Board of Workforce Development, the Board of Education, the school board and division superintendent of Tazewell County Public Schools, and representatives of the governing boards of comprehensive community colleges located in Tazewell County and contiguous counties to study the feasibility of and make recommendations on developing a plan for establishing a regional career and technical education program for all students in grade levels six through 12 who reside in Planning District 2.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Smithfield Packers Youth Sports 12U girls' flag football team.. Description: Commending the Smithfield Packers Youth Sports 12U girls' flag football team.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Discharge plans; copies to public elementary and secondary schools.. Description: Discharge plans; copies to public elementary and secondary schools. Provides that, prior to the discharge of any minor admitted to inpatient treatment (i) who is a student at a public elementary or secondary school and (ii) for whom the facility deems (a) such discharge poses a threat of violence or physical harm to self and others or (b) additional educational services are needed, such facility is required to provide to the school's mental health professional or school counselor the portions of such discharge plan relevant to the threat of violence or harm or the necessary additional educational services. The bill requires such facility to, prior to providing any such portions of any minor's discharge plan, provide to the parent of such minor student reasonable notice of the types of information that would be included in any portions of the discharge plan being provided and of the parent's right to, upon written request, refuse the provision of any such information.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Community services boards; emergency services and core of services.. Description: Community services boards; core of services. Adds to the list of the core services to be provided by community services boards (i) crisis services for individuals with a mental illness or substance use disorder, (ii) outpatient mental health and substance abuse services, (iii) psychiatric rehabilitation services, (iv) peer support and family support services, (v) mental health services for members of the armed forces located 50 miles or more from a military treatment facility and veterans located 40 miles or more from a Veterans Health Administration medical facility, and (vi) care coordination services. The bill removes language that conditions the duty of community services boards to provide case management services on the availability of funding. The bill further requires community services boards to provide any such services (a) to every adult who has a serious mental illness, child who has or is at risk of serious emotional disturbance, and individual who has a substance use disorder and (b) in a timely manner and at a location that is near the individual. The bill has a delayed effective date of July 1, 2026, for most provisions.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Workers' compensation benefits; post-traumatic stress disorder incurred by firefighters, etc.. Description: Workers' compensation benefits; post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety disorder, or depressive disorder incurred by law-enforcement officers and firefighters. Increases from 52 weeks to 104 weeks the maximum duration after the date of diagnosis that workers' compensation benefits are payable for post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety disorder, or depressive disorder incurred by law-enforcement officers and firefighters acting in the line of duty.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Emergency medical personnel; EMS Advisory Board to examine requirements to join program.. Description: Department of Health; Office of Emergency Medical Services EMS Advisory Board; emergency medical personnel; career fatigue and wellness program. Directs the Department of Health's Office of Emergency Medical Services EMS Advisory Board to examine the eligibility requirements for emergency medical personnel to join a professional program addressing career fatigue and wellness. The bill requires the Board to report its findings and recommendations to the Chairmen of the House Committee on Health, Welfare and Institutions and the Senate Committee on Education and Health by October 1, 2024.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending David W. Poole.. Description: Commending David W. Poole.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Chesapeake, City of; amending charter, dates of elections, etc.. Description: Charter; City of Chesapeake. Amends the charter for the City of Chesapeake to clarify the dates for (i) the election and terms of members of council and the mayor, (ii) when a sitting council member must resign when running for mayor, and (iii) the election of a successor in the event of a vacancy in office.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Transcranial magnetic stimulation; DBHDS to establish pilot program for veterans.. Description: Transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment; pilot program. Directs the Department of Veterans Services to establish a pilot program with two locations to make electroencephalogram (EEG) combined transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment available for certain military members, veterans, first responders, law-enforcement officers, and certain agents of federal agencies, and family members of the aforementioned individuals. The bill requires the Department to establish regulations for administration of the pilot program.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Health professions; universal licensure, requirements.. Description: Health professions; universal licensure; requirements. Requires health regulatory boards within the Department of Health Professions to recognize licenses or certifications issued by other United States jurisdictions, as defined in the bill, as fulfillment for licensure or certification in the Commonwealth if certain conditions are met. The bill also requires such health regulatory boards to recognize work experience as fulfillment for licensure or certification in the Commonwealth if certain conditions are met. The bill does not apply to licensure for physicians or dentists.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Solar and energy facilities; local regulation.. Description: Solar and energy facilities; local regulation. Prohibits a locality from including in an ordinance (i) limits on the total amount, density, or size of any ground-mounted solar facility or energy storage facility until such time that the total area under panels within the locality exceeds four percent of the total area within the locality or (ii) any prohibitions on the use of solar panels that comply with generally accepted national environmental protection and product safety standards, provided that such installation is in compliance with any provisions of a local ordinance that establishes criteria and requirements for siting.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Firearm transfers to another person from a prohibited person.. Description: Firearm transfers to another person from a prohibited person. Provides that a person who is prohibited from possessing a firearm because such person is subject to a protective order or has been convicted of an assault and battery of a family or household member may transfer a firearm owned by such prohibited person to any person who is not otherwise prohibited by law from possessing such firearm, provided that such person who is not otherwise prohibited by law from possessing such firearm is 21 years of age or older and does not reside with the person who is subject to the protective order. Under current law, there is no requirement that such transferee cannot be younger than 21 years of age and cannot reside with such prohibited person. The bill also provides that such prohibited person who transfers, sells, or surrenders a firearm pursuant to the provisions of the bill shall inform the clerk of the court of the name and address of the transferee, the federally licensed firearms dealer, or the law-enforcement agency in possession of the firearm and shall provide a copy of such form to the transferee. The bill also provides that a person who is prohibited from possessing a firearm because such person is subject to a protective order or has been convicted of an assault and battery of a family or household member shall be advised that a law-enforcement officer may obtain a search warrant to search for any firearms from such person if such law-enforcement officer has reason to believe that such person has not relinquished all firearms in his possession.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile and domestic relations district courts; mental health and social assessments.. Description: Juvenile and domestic relations district courts; mental health and social assessments. Provides that a juvenile and domestic relations district court has the authority to order preliminary mental health and social assessments and further screenings, if necessary, for certain cases involving a child. If a juvenile is found to be delinquent, the bill also provides that a juvenile and domestic relations district court has the authority to place such juvenile on probation and order treatment or services for mental illness or developmental disability through a program licensed by the Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Services. Finally, the bill requires in certain circumstances that a juvenile and domestic relations district court provide information to a juvenile's parent or legal guardian regarding the Parent Educational Advocacy Training Center.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Uniform Statewide Building Code; stakeholder group to evaluate temperature regulation.. Description: Board of Housing and Community Development; USBC; stakeholder group to evaluate temperature regulation. Directs the Board of Housing and Community Development to convene a stakeholder advisory group to evaluate changes to the Uniform Statewide Building Code addressing temperature regulation. The stakeholder group shall submit its findings and recommendations to the Board and to the Chairmen of the House Committee on General Laws and the Senate Committee on General Laws and Technology no later than November 1, 2025.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Protection Act; prohibited practices, etc., reproductive or sexual health information.. Description: Virginia Consumer Protection Act; prohibited practices; obtaining, disclosing, etc., reproductive or sexual health information without consumer consent. Provides that obtaining, disclosing, selling, or disseminating personally identifiable reproductive or sexual health information, as defined in the bill, without the consent of the consumer is a prohibited practice under the Virginia Consumer Protection Act.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Real Estate Time-Share Act; recordkeeping by resellers.. Description: Virginia Real Estate Time-Share Act; recordkeeping by resellers. Removes the requirement under the Virginia Real Estate Time-Share Act that, if contact information has been obtained by a reseller of a time-share from any source, such reseller and the lead dealer of such time-share maintain a copy of a current government-issued photographic identification of the lead dealer who provided the contact information.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Trespass with an unmanned aircraft system; contracted defense facility, penalty.. Description: Trespass with an unmanned aircraft system; contracted defense facility; penalty. Creates a Class 4 felony for any person who knowingly and intentionally causes an unmanned aircraft system to enter the property of a contracted defense facility, defined in the bill, and obtains or attempts to obtain any videographic or still image of any information subject to the export control laws of the United States located within such facility. The bill also provides that no owner or operator of any such facility or its employees shall be liable for any damage to an unmanned aircraft system used in such offense.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Elections; deadline for receipt of absentee ballots and certain other information, etc.. Description: Elections; deadline for receipt of absentee ballots and certain other information; 5:00 p.m. on the third day after the election. Moves the deadline for receipt of absentee ballots, information required to cure an absentee ballot, or proof of identification to accompany a provisional ballot provided for lack of identification from noon to 5:00 p.m. on the third day after the election.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Civil actions brought by warrant; extends date range for court appearance.. Description: Civil actions brought by warrant. Extends the date range during which a person against whom a civil claim is asserted is required to appear in court to answer the complaint from not more than 60 to not more than 90 days from the date the warrant is served on such person.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supervisors, boards of; increases statutory salary caps for certain counties.. Description: Salaries of boards of supervisors for certain counties. Increases the statutory salary caps for boards of supervisors of counties that have adopted salary limits consistent with provisions in the Code of Virginia relating to alternative procedures for establishing salaries of boards of supervisors.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: School-based mental and behavioral health services; DOE to survey local education agencies, report.. Description: Department of Education; survey of local education agencies on school-based mental and behavioral health services; report. Requires the Department of Education (the Department) to survey each local education agency (LEA) in the Commonwealth to determine (i) how public schools governed by such LEA currently grant access to local departments of social services and community services boards and other community-based providers of mental and behavioral health services and (ii) what school-based mental and behavioral health services are made available by such LEA. The bill requires the Department to utilize the results of and feedback from the survey to inform the continued development and improvement of guidelines for school professionals to support students and families by connecting them with community resources that provide mental and behavioral health services. The bill requires the Department to report to the Commission on Youth by November 1, 2025, any findings and recommendations that result from the survey.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Correctional facilities, local, regional, and community; reviews of deaths of inmates, report.. Description: State Board of Local and Regional Jails; deaths of inmates in local, regional, and community correctional facilities; reports. Consolidates reports made by the State Board of Local and Regional Jails related to the Board's reviews of the deaths of inmates that occur in any local, regional, or community correctional facility into one annual report to be published on the Board's website on or before July 1, 2025, and each July 1 thereafter and submitted to the Governor, the Chairmen of the Senate Committee on Rehabilitation and Social Services, the House Committee on Public Safety, and the House Committee for Courts of Justice, the Speaker of the House of Delegates, and the President pro tempore of the Senate. The annual report shall include (i) a summary of the reviews of the deaths of inmates that occur in any local, regional, or community correctional facility conducted in the prior year, including any trends or similarities identified by such reviews; (ii) any recommendations for policy changes to reduce the number of inmate deaths; and (iii) any recommendations for changes to the policies and procedures for conducting reviews of the deaths of inmates to improve the operations, safety, and security of local, regional, or community correctional facilities.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Essential health benefits benchmark plan review; members of stakeholder work group.. Description: Essential health benefits benchmark plan review; stakeholder work group. Requires that the stakeholder work group convened by the Bureau of Insurance of the State Corporation Commission for the essential health benefits benchmark plan review consist of members who possess demonstrated and acknowledged expertise in health benefit plan design, actuarial science, population health, patient advocacy, or advocating for or assisting enrollees in individual or small group health coverage. The bill requires the work group to consider factors including (i) coverage denial rates of benefits that are not covered under the current benchmark plan; (ii) the utilization of mandated benefits; (iii) the projected impact of a proposed mandate on the prevalence of medical need, the urgency of such medical need, and any disproportionate disease burden borne by different subpopulations; (iv) the projected cost of each proposed mandate; and (v) other data as determined by the work group. This bill is a recommendation of the Health Insurance Reform Commission.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Mill Swamp Baptist Church.. Description: Commending Mill Swamp Baptist Church.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Department of Housing and Community Development; Low-Income Energy Efficiency and Weatherization Task Force established; report.. Description: Department of Housing and Community Development; Low-Income Energy Efficiency and Weatherization Task Force established; report. Directs the Department of Housing and Community Development to establish, in consultation with the Department of Energy, the Department of Social Services, the State Corporation Commission, and the Clean Energy Advisory Board, a Low-Income Energy Efficiency and Weatherization Task Force to evaluate ways to coordinate government and utility services and resources to more effectively deliver energy efficient housing, weatherization resources, and energy efficiency upgrades for low-income individuals and households in the Commonwealth residing in small and large multifamily buildings, single-family dwellings, and manufactured homes. The bill requires the Task Force to meet at least six times annually between July 1, 2025, and June 30, 2027 to submit a report of its findings and recommendations no later than July 1, 2027. The bill specifies that such report shall include policy recommendations and a plan to ensure that weatherization-ready repairs and whole-home energy efficiency retrofits are provided to all eligible low-income individuals and households in the Commonwealth residing in small and large multifamily buildings, single-family dwellings, and manufactured homes by December 31, 2033.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Juveniles; adjudication of delinquency, when and how child may be taken into immediate custody.. Description: Juveniles; adjudication of delinquency. Specifies that a delinquent child is a child 11 years of age or older who has committed a delinquent act. Currently, there is no minimum age for a child to be adjudicated delinquent. The bill provides that if a juvenile younger than 11 years of age is found to have committed a delinquent act, the juvenile shall not be proceeded upon as delinquent; however, the court may make any orders of disposition authorized for a child in need of services or a child in need of supervision. The bill also provides that any funding that is available to provide services to a child 11 years of age or older who is proceeded upon as delinquent shall also be made available to a child younger than 11 years of age who is found to have committed a delinquent act in order to provide such child the same services. The bill includes in the definition of "child in need of services" a child younger than 11 years of age who has committed a delinquent act. Finally, the bill includes in the offense of causing or encouraging acts rendering children delinquent, abused, etc., any person 18 years of age or older, including the parent of any child, who willfully contributes to, encourages, or causes any act, omission, or condition that (i) causes a child younger than 11 years of age to commit a delinquent act or (ii) causes any child to participate in or become a member of a criminal street gang in violation of existing law. Under current law, any person who commits such offense is guilty of a Class 1 misdemeanor.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Health insurance; coverage for contraceptive drugs and devices.. Description: Health insurance; coverage for contraceptive drugs and devices. Requires health insurance carriers to provide coverage, under any health insurance contract, policy, or plan that includes coverage for prescription drugs on an outpatient basis, for contraceptive drugs and contraceptive devices, as defined in the bill, including those available over-the-counter. The bill prohibits a health insurance carrier from imposing upon any person receiving contraceptive benefits pursuant to the provisions of the bill any copayment, coinsurance payment, or fee, except in certain circumstances.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Retired or former law-enforcement officers; publication of personal information.. Description: Publication of personal information of retired or former law-enforcement officers. Adds retired or former law-enforcement officers, defined in the bill, to the definition of "public official" for the purposes of prohibiting the Commonwealth from publishing a public official's personal information on the Internet. The bill provides that the demand in writing required to prohibit the publication of such personal information shall be effective for a period of four years, provided that such retired or former law-enforcement officer was retired or ended his service within four years of filing a petition with a circuit court.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Real Estate Board; transfer of license, fee.. Description: Real Estate Board; transfer of license; fee. Prohibits the Real Estate Board from charging a fee for the transfer of a licensee between offices within a licensed real estate firm. The bill directs the Real Estate Board to adopt regulations to implement the provisions of the bill to become effective by January 1, 2026.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development, Dept. of; consolidation of varying due dates for certain reports.. Description: Department of Housing and Community Development reports; consolidation. Consolidates varying due dates for certain reports relating to the Department of Housing and Community Development to October 1 and requires such reports be submitted as part of one annual report, to be presented to the Governor and the General Assembly. The bill creates a requirement for (i) an annual report on the outcomes associated with closed projects that received a grant from the Virginia Growth and Opportunity Fund and requires the Department to use such report to create and maintain a public facing performance dashboard with such information to be updated annually and (ii) a comprehensive annual report on the state's homeless programs. The bill has a delayed effective date of January 1, 2026.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Greg May.. Description: Commending Greg May.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Rashiem D. Franklin.. Description: Commending Rashiem D. Franklin.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Resale Disclosure Act; resale certificate, responsibility for payment of insurance deductible.. Description: Resale Disclosure Act; resale certificate; responsibility for payment of insurance deductible. Requires the resale certificate form, developed by the Common Interest Community Board, to include a statement indicating that the governing documents of an association may make an owner responsible for payment of all or part of the deductible when making a claim against any insurance provided by the association for the benefit of the owners or insurance coverage recommended or required to be obtained by the owners.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Recreational Facilities Authority; authority to dissolve.. Description: Virginia Recreational Facilities Authority; authority to dissolve. Provides that the board of directors of the Virginia Recreational Facilities Authority may by resolution divest itself of property owned by the Authority and may transfer all such property to a locality. The bill provides that whenever the board of the Authority determines by resolution that the purposes for which the Authority was formed have been substantially complied with and all property of the Authority has been transferred and all bonds therefor issued and all obligations incurred by the Authority have been fully paid or adequate provisions have been made for the payment, the board may dissolve itself upon a majority vote of the board. The bill also provides that if the Authority ceases to operate or is dissolved, the title to its real property will transfer to the locality in which the majority of such property is located. Under current law, the property would transfer to the Commonwealth.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Retail franchise agreements; governing law, competition restrictions.. Description: Retail franchise agreements; governing law; competition restrictions. Provides that retail franchise agreements shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth and prohibits any person from offering or entering into a franchise agreement that includes competition restrictions that extend beyond termination or expiration of the franchise agreement unless such settlement is approved by a court of competent jurisdiction.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: School Health Services Committee; extends sunset date.. Description: School Health Services Committee; sunset. Extends from July 1, 2025, to July 1, 2028, the sunset date for the School Health Services Committee.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Children's Services Act; changes to state pool of funds.. Description: Children's Services Act; state pool of funds. Makes a number of changes to the Children's Services Act state pool of funds for the provision of public or private nonresidential or residential services for troubled youth and families, including (i) removing the requirement that the Office of Children's Services consult with private special education services providers in developing the standard reporting template for tuition rates; (ii) removing from the purpose of the state pool of funds the consolidation of categorical agency funding and the institution of community responsibility for the provision of services; (iii) removing language specifying that references to funding sources and current placement authority for the target population served by the state pool of funds are for the purpose of accounting for the funds and should not be intended to categorize children and youth into funding streams in order to access services; (iv) modifying the target population served by the state pool of funds by (a) removing references to the Department of Education's private tuition assistance and the Interagency Assistance Fund for Noneducational Placement for Handicapped Children and (b) adding children and youth who are determined to be a child in need of services, as such term is defined in relevant law; (v) removing the requirement that the financial and legal responsibility for certain special education services remains with the placing jurisdiction, unless the placing jurisdiction has transitioned all appropriate services; (vi) requiring that the uniform assessment instrument used to determine eligibility for funding through the state pool of funds be approved by the State Executive Council for Children's Services; and (vii) modifying the eligibility criteria for funding through the state pool of funds by adding language that (a) specifies that the child or youth's emotional or behavioral problems have resulted in the child or youth, or place the child or youth at imminent risk of, entering purchased residential care and (b) includes the determination by a court that the child or youth is a child in need of services, as such term is defined in relevant law. The bill also includes technical changes. This bill is a recommendation of the Virginia Commission on Youth.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Limitation on prosecution of felony due to lapse of time after finding of probable cause; exception.. Description: Limitation on prosecution of felony due to lapse of time after finding of probable cause; exceptions; competency evaluation. Provides that the speedy trial statute is tolled for an evaluation to determine a defendant's competency to stand trial.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Child support; updates amounts in the schedule of basic support obligations.. Description: Determination of child support. Updates the amounts in the schedule of basic child support obligations based upon gross monthly income and calculates such obligations for specific amounts up to a gross monthly income of $42,500. Under current law, such child support obligations are calculated up to a gross monthly income of $35,000.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverage control; third-party delivery licenses.. Description: Alcoholic beverage control; third-party delivery licenses; repeal. Maintains alcoholic beverage control third-party delivery licenses, the repeal of which is set to go into effect July 1, 2026.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Residential Landlord & Tenant Act; landlord remedies, noncompliance with rental agreement.. Description: Virginia Residential Landlord and Tenant Act; landlord remedies; noncompliance with rental agreement. Increases from five days to 14 days the mandatory waiting period after a landlord serves written notice on a tenant notifying the tenant of his nonpayment of rent and of the landlord's intention to terminate the rental agreement if rent is not paid before the landlord may pursue remedies for termination of the rental agreement.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Voter registration; regular periodic review of registration records.. Description: Voter registration, regular periodic review of registration records; 90-day quiet period before all primary and general elections. Requires the Department of Elections to complete not later than 90 days prior to the date of a primary or general election any program the purpose of which is to systematically remove the names of ineligible voters from the voter registration system. This restriction is not to be construed to preclude (i) the removal of names from the voter registration system at the request of the registrant or as provided by existing law by reason of criminal conviction or mental incapacity or the death of the registrant or (ii) the correction of registration records pursuant to existing law. Under current law, such restriction only applies to federal primaries and federal general elections.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Election of certain governing bodies; conversion to single-member districts.. Description: Election of certain governing bodies; conversion to single-member districts. Allows the governing body of a locality that has been subject to a court order imposing a remedial election system under voting rights laws to adopt an ordinance to convert one or more at-large seats of such body to single-member districts. The bill provides that members of such governing body in office on the effective date of such ordinance shall complete their terms of office.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Children in foster care; federal benefits, written notice by certified mail, notice of eligibility.. Description: Department of Social Services; children in foster care; federal benefits; notice of eligibility. Directs the Department of Social Services to provide written notice of a child in foster care's eligibility to receive certain federal benefits, specified in the bill, to (i) the child, if the child is 13 years of age or older; (ii) the child's parent, parents or guardians, or other person responsible for the child; (iii) the guardian ad litem; (iv) the counsel appointed for the child; and (v) the local department of social services or child-placing agency.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Electric utilities; construction of renewable energy facilities.. Description: Electric utilities; construction of renewable energy facilities. Requires Dominion Energy Virginia and Appalachian Power, in constructing any renewable energy facility, to develop and submit a plan to the State Corporation Commission for review and approval that addresses the following considerations: (i) options for utilizing local workers; (ii) the economic development benefits of the project for the Commonwealth, including capital investments and job creation; (iii) opportunities to advance the Commonwealth's workforce and economic development goals, including furtherance of apprenticeship and other workforce training programs; and (iv) giving priority to the hiring, apprenticeship, and training of local workers, workers from historically economically disadvantaged communities, and veterans. The bill requires that in approving any such facility, the Commission shall issue findings related to how the facility will advance such interests.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: State Corporation Commission; powers and duties.. Description: State Corporation Commission; powers and duties. Provides that in proceedings before the State Corporation Commission relating to the regulation and oversight of utilities, the Commission shall consider public health and safety, the economy of the Commonwealth, the promotion of workforce development for residents of the Commonwealth, and the maintenance of fair labor standards for workers employed by public service companies and their contractors, if applicable to the proceedings.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Vulnerable adults; seizure of property used in connection with/derived from financial exploitation.. Description: Seizure of property used in connection with or derived from financial exploitation of vulnerable adults. Permits a law-enforcement officer investigating the financial exploitation of a vulnerable adult to seek a warrant from a judicial officer to seize moneys, cash, or negotiable or nonnegotiable instruments or securities, including those in deposit accounts, and retain, pending a prosecution or appeal, sufficient amounts of such moneys, cash, or negotiable or nonnegotiable instruments or securities as is necessary to prove such financial exploitation. The bill allows a court, upon motion of the attorney for the Commonwealth and for good cause shown, to order the release of all moneys, cash, or negotiable or nonnegotiable instruments or securities. Any remaining moneys, cash, or negotiable or nonnegotiable instruments or securities may also be released to the owner by the court with the consent of the attorney for the Commonwealth.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Eviction Diversion Pilot Program; name change, expiration repealed.. Description: Eviction Diversion Pilot Program; name change; general application; expiration repealed. Renames the Eviction Diversion Pilot Program as the Eviction Diversion Program, removes the July 1, 2025, expiration date from the Program, and makes the Program available to all general district courts. The bill is a recommendation of the Virginia Housing Commission.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverage control; tied house exceptions.. Description: Alcoholic beverage control; tied house exceptions. Removes certain provisions of the exceptions to the tied house limitations that state a manufacturer, bottler, importer, broker, or wholesaler cannot require, by agreement or otherwise, a retailer to exclude from sale at his establishment alcoholic beverages of other manufacturers, bottlers, importers, brokers, or wholesalers in order for the exception to apply. However, the bill retains the general prohibition that no manufacturer, bottler, importer, broker, or wholesaler of alcoholic beverages shall make an agreement, or attempt to make an agreement, with a retail licensee pursuant to which any products sold by a competitor are excluded in whole or in part from the premises on which the retail licensee's business is conducted.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Poquoson, City of; amending charter, powers of city council.. Description: Charter; City of Poquoson. Amends the charter for the City of Poquoson to give the city council authority to expel, by a vote of four-sevenths of the whole city council, any person appointed to a city board or commission by the city council.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Opioid treatment programs; dispensing, medications from mobile units.. Description: Board of Pharmacy; Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Services; opioid treatment programs; mobile units; report. Directs the Board of Pharmacy, in collaboration with the Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Services, to develop and implement a process by which opioid treatment programs can apply for and receive the necessary permissions and waivers to dispense opioid use disorder treatment medications from mobile units. The bill directs the Board to report to the Joint Commission on Health Care by November 1, 2025, on the status of and any barriers to the development and implementation of such process. This bill is a recommendation of the Joint Commission on Health Care.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: mobile health clinics; DHCD to include broadband access services for clinics.. Description: Department of Housing and Community Development; broadband access services for mobile health clinics; report. Requires the Department of Housing and Community Development to, as part of its broader initiative to support the development and implementation of programs that support telehealth, include broadband access services for mobile health clinics as a priority for broadband deployment programs using federal Broadband Equity, Access, and Deployment Program funding. The bill requires the Department to provide a report to the Joint Commission on Health Care on current gaps in broadband access in the Commonwealth by October 1, 2025. This bill is a recommendation of the Joint Commission on Health Care.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Remote patient monitoring patients with chronic conditions, report.. Description: Department of Medical Assistance Services; remote patient monitoring for patients with chronic conditions; report. Directs the Department of Medical Assistance Services to develop a plan and estimate costs for expanding eligibility criteria under Medicaid for remote patient monitoring for individuals with chronic conditions and to report such plan and cost estimate to the Joint Commission on Health Care by October 1, 2025. This bill is a recommendation of the Joint Commission on Health Care.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Sex Offender & Crimes Against Minors Registry; registration intervals for Tier I &Tier II offenses.. Description: Sex Offender and Crimes Against Minors Registry; registration intervals for Tier I and Tier II offenses. Requires any person who is required to register with the Sex Offender and Crimes Against Minors Registry and who is convicted of a Tier I or Tier II offense to register yearly. The bill also requires any person convicted of providing false information or failing to provide registration information where such person was included on the Registry for a Tier II offense to register twice a year.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Minor's records; access to records stored or accessible from a secure website.. Description: Access to minor's records; records contained in or made available through secure website. Specifies that for the purposes of allowing a parent to access the academic or health records of such parent's minor child such access includes access to a secure website where such records are contained or made available.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Firearms, certain; age requirement for purchase, penalty.. Description: Purchase of certain firearms; age requirement; penalty. Prohibits any person under 21 years of age from purchasing an assault firearm, with exceptions for the purchase of an assault firearm by a law-enforcement officer, correctional officer, jail officer, or member of the Armed Forces of the United States, the Virginia National Guard, or the National Guard of any other state. Accordingly, the bill prohibits a licensed dealer from selling, renting, trading, or transferring from his inventory an assault firearm to any person under 21 years of age. A violation of either prohibition is a Class 6 felony. The bill also expands the definition of assault firearm as the term applies to criminal history record information checks.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Water & wastewater utilities; eligible infrastructure replacement and enhancement.. Description: Water utilities and wastewater utilities; eligible infrastructure replacement and enhancement; cost recovery. Permits a water or wastewater utility to petition the State Corporation Commission for the approval of an eligible infrastructure replacement and enhancement plan, as defined in the bill. The bill also permits a public utility that provides both water and wastewater services to request, in a general base rate proceeding, that the Commission allocate a portion of the public utility's wastewater service revenue requirement for recovery through water service base rates, allocate a portion of the public utility's water service revenue requirement through wastewater base rates, or combine the public utility's water service and wastewater service revenue requirements. This bill is a recommendation of the State Water Commission.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Photo speed monitoring devices; proof of violation affirmed by retired law-enforcement officials.. Description: Photo speed monitoring devices; proof of violation; retired law-enforcement officials. Allows a retired sworn law-enforcement officer, defined in the bill, to swear to or affirm a certificate for a vehicle speed violation enforced by a photo speed monitoring device.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prevailing wage rate; apprenticeship requirements, RPS-eligible source work, penalties.. Description: Prevailing wage rate; apprenticeship requirements; RPS-eligible source work; penalties. Requires each public service company, including its contractors and subcontractors, to ensure payment at the prevailing wage rate set by the Department of Labor and Industry for any mechanic, laborer, or worker employed, retained, or otherwise hired to perform construction, maintenance, or repair work for certain electricity generating sources. The bill requires each public service company to (i) ensure that 15 percent of the total labor hours of such work is performed by qualified apprentices and (ii) employ at least one qualified apprentice if four or more individuals are employed to perform such work. Under the bill, a public service company that fails to meet the requirements of its provisions is required to make penalty payments to the Commissioner of Labor and Industry.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Dam Safety Act; powers and duties of DCR, rights and requirements of dam owners, etc.. Description: Dam Safety, Flood Prevention and Protection Assistance; Dam Safety Act; powers and duties of the Department of Conservation and Recreation; rights and requirements of dam owners; civil penalty. Amends various provisions of the Dam Safety Act to streamline the Department of Conservation and Recreation's enforcement powers for impounding structures under the Act and clarifies the Department's powers and duties during an active dam failure. The bill also makes changes to a dam owner's responsibilities under the Act, including adding additional requirements to obtain a general permit for a low hazard impounding structure, making a dam owner responsible for ensuring his impounding structure that presents an imminent danger has a safety inspection performed as provided in the bill, and allowing a dam owner to identify the dam break inundation zone of his impounding structure by providing the limits of the dam break inundation zone in lieu of filing a map. The bill also changes certain criteria for applicants to receive funds from the Dam Safety, Flood Prevention and Protection Assistance Fund, including the project match requirements for grants or loans. Finally, the bill repeals the provisions providing civil penalties for violating the provisions of the Act and makes technical amendments related to such repeal.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Manakin Episcopal Church.. Description: Commending Manakin Episcopal Church.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Escape from jail or custody; penalty.. Description: Escape from jail or custody; penalty. Specifies that the definition of law-enforcement officer that currently applies for the crime of assault and battery of a law-enforcement officer shall be used for the purposes of the crimes related to escaping from jail or custody of a law-enforcement officer.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Real Estate Board; membership, qualifications.. Description: Real Estate Board; membership; qualifications. Increases from five to 10 years the amount of time a licensed real estate broker or salesperson must be actively engaged in the profession in order to serve as a member of the Real Estate Board. The bill also provides additional qualifications and requirements specific to those members who are licensed real estate brokers or salespersons.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Charles Daniel Spruill.. Description: Celebrating the life of Charles Daniel Spruill.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Charter; City of Portsmouth.. Description: Charter; City of Portsmouth. Amends the charter for the City of Portsmouth by authorizing the City Manager to require city departments to implement appropriate enhancement or remedial measures consistent with prevailing law wherever there exists (i) a compelling government interest, (ii) an analysis that documents a statistically significant disparity between the availability and utilization of minority-owned and women-owned businesses, or (iii) direct evidence by minority-owned businesses or women-owned businesses of the impact of race by discrimination.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Richlands, Town of; amending charter, relates to ordinance.. Description: Charter; Town of Richlands. Amends the charter for the Town of Richlands in Tazewell County by requiring that proposed ordinances be presented, rather than read, at two regular meetings prior to adoption. The bill also requires the town manager to reside within the town within a contractually stated grace period, rather than during the tenure of office.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Unemployment Compensation, Commission on; increases membership, powers and duties.. Description: Commission on Unemployment Compensation; membership; compensation; powers and duties. Adds two nonlegislative citizen members to the membership of the Commission on Unemployment Compensation and transfers the powers and duties of the subcommittee on unemployment insurance, which is removed by the bill, to the Commission. The bill provides that existing nonlegislative members of the subcommittee on unemployment compensation shall serve as the two nonlegislative citizen members added to the Commission until July 1, 2026, and thereafter, one such member shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Delegates and one by the Senate Committee on Rules.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Assault firearms; carrying in public areas prohibited, penalty.. Description: Carrying assault firearms in public areas prohibited; penalty. Prohibits the carrying of certain semi-automatic center-fire rifles and shotguns on any public street, road, alley, sidewalk, or public right-of-way or in any public park or any other place of whatever nature that is open to the public, with certain exceptions. Under current law, the current prohibition on carrying certain shotguns and semi-automatic center-fire rifles and pistols applies to a narrower range of firearms, only in certain localities, and only when such firearms are loaded.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Plastic firearms or receivers, unserialized firearms, etc.; transfer, etc., prohibited, penalties.. Description: Manufacture, importation, sale, transfer, or possession of plastic firearms and unfinished frames or receivers and unserialized firearms prohibited; penalties. Creates a Class 5 felony for any person who knowingly manufactures or assembles, imports, purchases, sells, transfers, or possesses any firearm that, after removal of all parts other than a major component, as defined in the bill, is not detectable as a firearm when subjected to inspection by the types of detection devices, including X-ray machines, commonly used at airports, government buildings, schools, correctional facilities, and other locations for security screening. The bill updates language regarding the types of detection devices that are used at such locations for detecting plastic firearms. Under current law, it is unlawful to manufacture, import, sell, transfer, or possess any plastic firearm and a violation is punishable as a Class 5 felony. The bill also creates a Class 1 misdemeanor, which is punishable as a Class 4 felony for a second or subsequent offense, making it unlawful for any person to knowingly possess a firearm or any completed or unfinished frame or receiver that is not imprinted with a valid serial number or to knowingly import, purchase, sell, offer for sale, or transfer ownership of any completed or unfinished frame or receiver, unless the completed or unfinished frame or receiver (i) is deemed to be a firearm pursuant to federal law and (ii) is imprinted with a valid serial number. The bill also creates a Class 1 misdemeanor, which is punishable as a Class 4 felony for a second or subsequent offense, making it unlawful for any person to manufacture or assemble, cause to be manufactured or assembled, import, purchase, sell, offer for sale, or transfer ownership of any firearm that is not imprinted with a valid serial number. The portions of the bill prohibiting unfinished frames or receivers and unserialized firearms have a delayed effective date of January 1, 2026; however, the portions of the bill prohibiting the knowing possession of a firearm or any completed or unfinished frame or receiver that is not imprinted with a valid serial number have a delayed effective date of July 1, 2026.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Residential Landlord and Tenant Act; early termination of rental agreement.. Description: Virginia Residential Landlord and Tenant Act; early termination of rental agreement; victims of family abuse, sexual abuse or criminal sexual assault, stalking, or human trafficking. Provides that a tenant who is a victim of family abuse, sexual abuse or other criminal sexual assault, stalking, or human trafficking may terminate such tenant's obligations under an active and current rental agreement if the tenant has obtained an emergency protective order or preliminary protective order or a magistrate, law-enforcement agency, grand jury, special grand jury, or court has issued a warrant, summons, information, or indictment charging any such crime. Under current law, there must be a permanent protective order or a conviction before the tenant may terminate such obligations under a rental agreement. This bill is a recommendation of the Virginia Housing Commission.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Office of the State Inspector General; behavioral health and developmental services; required reports.. Description: Office of the State Inspector General; behavioral health and developmental services; required reports. Adds the Behavioral Health Commission to the list of entities to whom the Office of the State Inspector General is required to report on certain issues related to behavioral health and developmental services.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Manufacturing, selling, giving, distributing, or possessing with intent to manufacture, sell, give, or distribute a controlled substance or an imitation controlled substance prohibited; penalties.. Description: Manufacturing, selling, giving, distributing, or possessing with intent to manufacture, sell, give, or distribute a controlled substance or an imitation controlled substance prohibited; penalties. Removes the distinction between cocaine, which refers to powder cocaine, its salts, optical and geometric isomers, and salts of isomers and a mixture or substance that contains cocaine base, which refers to crack cocaine, for the offense of manufacturing, selling, giving, distributing, or possessing with intent to manufacture, sell, give, or distribute a controlled substance or an imitation controlled substance.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Agricultural commodity boards; Agricultural Council; appointment and membership terms; production areas.. Description: Agricultural commodity boards; Agricultural Council; appointment and membership terms; production areas. Amends various provisions relating to the appointment, terms, and quorums of agricultural commodity boards, including the Cotton Board, Egg Board, and Tobacco Board. The bill eliminates the Pork Industry Board and amends membership terms for the Agricultural Council so that (i) each term is for four years and (ii) no member other than an ex officio member is eligible to serve more than two consecutive terms, except that any person appointed to fill a vacancy may serve two additional consecutive terms after the term of such vacancy that such person was appointed to fill has expired. The bill also amends the production areas for the purposes of membership appointment procedures for the Cotton Board and the Tobacco Board.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Firearms; five day waiting period, penalty.. Description: Purchase of firearms; waiting period; penalty. Provides that no person shall sell a firearm unless at least five days have elapsed from the time the prospective purchaser completes the written consent form to have a licensed dealer obtain criminal history record information, with exceptions enumerated in relevant law.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Medical malpractice; certification of expert witness, written opinion.. Description: Medical malpractice; certification of expert witness; written opinion. Provides that at the time of service of process of every motion for judgment, counter claim, third party claim, or warrant in debt in a medical malpractice action or every motion for judgment, counter claim, or third party claim in an action for wrongful death against a health care provider, the plaintiff shall be deemed to have obtained a written opinion signed by an expert witness stating that the defendant in the action deviated from the applicable standard of care and the deviation was a proximate cause of the injuries claimed. The bill also provides that a plaintiff may have separate certifications for standard of care and causation.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Personal injury or death by wrongful act; liability of employer to vulnerable victims.. Description: Civil actions; liability of employer or principal for criminal sexual assault by employee or agent. Provides that in an action for injury to a person arising out of an act that would constitute criminal sexual assault committed by an employee or agent, such act shall be deemed to have occurred within the course and scope of his employment or agency if certain factors are proven by a preponderance of the evidence. The bill provides that the injured person has a cause of action whether or not the employee or agent has been charged or convicted of criminal sexual assault.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Nominating persons to be elected to circuit court judgeships.. Description: Nominating persons to be elected to circuit court judgeships.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Overtime for certain employees; domestic service workers/live-in domestic workers, effective clause.. Description: Overtime for certain employees; domestic service workers and live-in domestic workers. Adds domestic workers, as defined in the bill, to provisions related to overtime pay.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Community Foundation of the New River Valley.. Description: Commending the Community Foundation of the New River Valley.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Public Procurement Act; procurement of imported goods, forced and child labor prohibition.. Description: Virginia Public Procurement Act; procurement of imported goods; forced and child labor prohibition. Prohibits public bodies from awarding contracts to acquire imported goods from a business whose products are on the list of products produced by forced or indentured child labor maintained by the U.S. Department of Labor Bureau of International Labor Affairs without a third-party certification provided to the Commonwealth. The bill directs the Department of General Services to promulgate regulations regarding such third-party certification by October 1, 2025. This bill is a recommendation of the Manufacturing Development Commission.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Local ordinances; regulation of pet shops.. Description: Local ordinances; regulation of pet shops. Authorizes the governing body of any locality to regulate or restrict by ordinance the acquisition, marketing, and sale of animals in a pet shop, provided that such ordinance is consistent with state law. Such ordinance may distinguish between certain types of pet shops and include provisions for special licensing, inspections, reporting, or restrictions on the sale of certain types of animals. The bill also includes certain existing statewide provisions related to pet shops in the list of sections for which a locality may adopt parallel or more stringent ordinances.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Holly Jennings King.. Description: Celebrating the life of Holly Jennings King.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Driving under the influence; driving or operating a motor vehicle, etc., while intoxicated.. Description: Driving under the influence. Provides that the provisions regarding driving or operating a motor vehicle, engine, or train while intoxicated and the provisions regarding operating a motor vehicle by a person under the age of 21 after illegally consuming alcohol shall not apply to any person driving or operating a motor vehicle on his residential curtilage or his adjoining property.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Health insurance; carrier business practices, method of payment for claims.. Description: Health insurance; carrier business practices; method of payment for claims. Requires a health insurance carrier, or entity completing a transaction of behalf of the carrier, prior to paying a claim using a credit card or electronic funds transfer payment method that imposes a transaction or processing fee or similar charge on the provider, to notify the provider that such a fee or similar charge will apply and to offer the provider an alternative payment method that does not impose such a fee or similar charge. If the provider elects to accept the alternative payment method, the bill specifies that the carrier is required to pay the claim using such alternative payment method.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Sports Tourism Fund; definitions, created, report.. Description: Virginia Sports Tourism Fund. Creates the Virginia Sports Tourism Fund, to be Administered by the Virginia Tourism Authority, to provide grants to sports tourism activity sponsors, defined in the bill, in order to develop and attract sports tourism activities, also defined in the bill, to the Commonwealth. The bill requires the Virginia Tourism Authority to establish guidelines and criteria for grant awards and to report annually on the Fund and grant program. The bill also requires a work group of stakeholders to be convened to recommend guidelines for grant disbursements from the Fund and report such recommendations to the General Assembly by October 31, 2025.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Robbery; use of air or gas operated weapon, etc., penalty.. Description: Robbery; air or gas operated weapon, etc.; penalty. Expands the crime of Class 3 felony robbery to include robbery committed by any person by using or displaying any air or gas operated weapon or any object similar in appearance, whether capable of being fired or not.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Retirement System; increased retirement allowance for certain judges.. Description: Virginia Retirement System; increased retirement allowance for certain judges. Provides that a judge appointed or elected to an original term commencing on or after July 1, 2025, who was at least 55 years old at the time he was appointed or elected to such original term, shall have his service retirement allowance determined under the provisions of the Virginia Retirement System that apply to a judge appointed or elected to an original term prior to January 1, 2013, and who was vested on or before January 1, 2013. Under current law, the service retirement allowance for judges appointed or elected to an original term commencing on or after January 1, 2014, are determined under the provisions of the hybrid retirement program.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle owners; proof of financial responsibility in the future.. Description: Department of Motor Vehicles; proof of financial responsibility in the future. Clarifies when a vehicle owner is required to furnish proof of financial responsibility or proof of financial responsibility in the future. The bill specifies the forms required when providing proof of financial responsibility in the future.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: District courts; recording of proceedings.. Description: Recording of proceedings in district courts. Allows an audio recording of proceedings in a district court, which includes both general district court and juvenile and domestic relations district court, to be made by a party or his counsel. Under current law, such recordings are only allowed in a general district court. Additionally, the bill (i) allows the judge of a juvenile and domestic relations district court to impose any restriction as necessary to comply with the confidentiality requirements applicable to such district court, (ii) prohibits the judge of a district court from (a) ordering or requiring a party or his counsel to submit a copy of such audio recording to the clerk of a district court to be maintained in such party's individual case file or (b) prohibiting a party or his counsel from providing such copy to the opposing party or his counsel, and (iii) allows a party or his counsel, in his discretion, to provide a copy of such audio recording to the opposing party or his counsel.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Criminal Sentencing Commission; increase membership.. Description: Membership of Virginia Criminal Sentencing Commission. Adds the executive director of the Virginia Indigent Defense Commission or his designee to the membership of the Virginia Criminal Sentencing Commission. This bill is a recommendation of the Virginia Indigent Defense Commission.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Mineral Mine Safety Act; definition of "surface mineral mine"; mine inspectors; certificate renewal; use of cyanide or cyanide compound.. Description: Mineral Mine Safety Act; definition of "surface mineral mine"; mine inspectors; certificate renewal; use of cyanide or cyanide compound. Amends the definition of "surface mineral mine" in the Mineral Mine Safety Act to exclude excavation or grading when conducted solely in aid of onsite farming or construction and under certain conditions enumerated in the bill. The bill amends the definition of "mining" in existing law, relating to the exemption from permits for a mining operation, to extend the required completion time from six months to one year for excavation or grading conducted to construct or expand a farm pond for agricultural irrigation or provision of water for livestock. The bill also amends the qualification requirements for mineral mine inspectors, removes references to the defunct Board of Mineral Mining Examiners, and prohibits the issuance of any permit for a mineral mining or processing operation that includes the use of cyanide or a cyanide compound.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Nominating persons to be elected to general district court judgeships.. Description: Nominating persons to be elected to general district court judgeships.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Assault and battery; Class 1 misdemeanor against sports official.. Description: Assault and battery; sports official; penalty. Makes it a Class 1 misdemeanor for a person to commit an assault or assault and battery against another knowing or having reason to know that such individual is a sports official, defined in the bill, for an entity sponsoring an interscholastic or intercollegiate sports event or any person performing services as a sports official for a public entity or a private, nonprofit organization that sponsors an amateur sports event who is engaged in the performance of his duties. The bill requires such person, upon conviction, be prohibited from attending any such sports event operated by the entity or organization that employed such sports official for a period of not less than six months as a term and condition of such sentence.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Charter; City of Norfolk.. Description: Charter; City of Norfolk. Amends the charter for the City of Norfolk to exempt the position of deputy fire chief from the classified service.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Voter registration; time period for closing registration records before certain elections.. Description: Voter registration; time period for closing registration records before certain elections. Reduces from 21 to 10 days the number of days during which registration records are closed before primary and general elections and from 13 to 10 days the number of days during which registration records are closed before special elections that are not called by the Governor, Speaker of the House of Delegates, or President pro tempore of the Senate.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Zoning; civil penalties for certain repeat violations in Planning District 23 (Hampton Roads).. Description: Civil penalties for certain repeat zoning violations in Planning District 23; appeals. Provides an enhanced level of civil penalties in Planning District 23 (Hampton Roads) for repeat violations involving nonpermitted commercial uses, defined in the bill. The bill also clarifies (i) that when a board of zoning appeals hears appeals from the decision of an administrative officer and alters the statutorily required order of evidence, it is a reversible error and (ii) that the required statement of a right to appeal an administrative officer's decision must be sent to the aggrieved person by certified mail with proof of delivery.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Real estate brokers, salespersons, and rental location agents; exemptions.. Description: Department of Professional and Occupational Regulation; real estate brokers, salespersons, and rental location agents; exemptions; emergency. Clarifies that the provisions related to real estate brokers, salespersons, and rental location agents shall not apply to any person employed by a licensed real estate broker for and on behalf of the owner of any real estate or the improvements thereon that the licensed broker has contracted to manage for the owner if the actions of such employee are limited to (i) accepting and signing broker-approved rental agreements, state or federal required disclosures, and any documents required for compliance with Virginia Fair Housing Law related to such rental transaction and (ii) accepting security deposits, periodic rent, and other payments contracted for in the rental agreement for such real estate. The bill contains technical amendments and an emergency clause.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Local officers; oath of office.. Description: Local officers; oath of office. Provides that, notwithstanding the provisions of any local government charter, or any other provision of law, every elected county, city, town and district officer, on or before the day on which his term of office begins, shall qualify by taking the oath prescribed by general law. Current law would allow a local government charter to prescribe a different procedure for taking the oath.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Livestock and poultry killed by dogs; increases fair market value compensation amounts.. Description: Compensation for livestock and poultry killed by dogs. Increases the fair market value compensation amounts for livestock and poultry killed or injured by dogs from $750 to $1,000 per animal and from $10 to $25 per fowl.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Trailer franchise requirements; applicability to certain trailers.. Description: Trailer franchise requirements; applicability to certain trailers. Changes the applicability of trailer franchise requirements to only apply to new trailers with a gross vehicle weight rating of more than 30,000 pounds.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Affordable dwelling unit program; adds City of Falls Church to list.. Description: Affordable dwelling unit program; City of Falls Church. Adds the City of Falls Church to the list of localities with authority to provide for an affordable dwelling unit program.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: New tow truck license plates; DMV, et al., to identify information needed to design & implement.. Description: Department of Motor Vehicles; work group; design and implementation of new tow truck license plate; report. Directs the Department of Motor Vehicles to convene a work group to identify certain information needed to design and implement a new tow truck license plate to aid in the enforcement of registration of tow truck drivers and towing violations.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Nominating persons to be elected to juvenile and domestic relations district court judgeships.. Description: Nominating persons to be elected to juvenile and domestic relations district court judgeships.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Restaurant Meals Program of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program; DSS to report.. Description: Department of Social Services; Restaurant Meals Program of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program; report. Directs the Department of Social Services to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on the implementation of the Restaurant Meals Program of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. The report shall include data on the number of restaurants that have applied to participate and that have been approved to participate, plans for expanding the number of participating restaurants, and identified barriers to program expansion. The report shall be due no later than December 1, 2025.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Interment rights; descendant., etc., allowed to petition circuit court of locality.. Description: Interment rights; public property. Allows any immediate family member or descendant of a deceased person buried in an identified family cemetery located on public property owned by a county, city, town, or other locality or held in trust for such a locality for use as a cemetery to petition the circuit court of the county or city where the property is located for interment rights upon such property.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Va. Residential Landlord and Tenant Act; terms and conditions of rental agreement, renewal notice.. Description: Virginia Residential Landlord and Tenant Act; terms and conditions of rental agreement; renewal notice. Provides that a landlord who owns more than four rental dwelling units or more than a 10 percent interest in more than four rental dwelling units, whether individually or through a business entity, in the Commonwealth shall be required to provide written notice to any tenant whose rental agreement the landlord has chosen not to renew.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Nominating persons to be elected as members of the Judicial Inquiry and Review Commission.. Description: Nominating persons to be elected as members of the Judicial Inquiry and Review Commission.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Synthetic digital content; definition, penalty, report, effective clause.. Description: Synthetic digital content; penalty; work group. Expands the applicability of provisions related to defamation, slander, and libel to include synthetic digital content, defined in the bill. The bill makes it a Class 1 misdemeanor for any person to use any synthetic digital content for the purpose of committing any criminal offense involving fraud, constituting a separate and distinct offense with punishment separate and apart from any punishment received for the commission of the primary criminal offense. The bill also authorizes the individual depicted in the synthetic digital content to bring a civil action against the person who violates such prohibition to recover actual damages, reasonable attorney fees, and such other relief as the court determines to be appropriate. The bill directs the Attorney General to convene a work group to study and make recommendations on the current enforcement of laws related to the use of synthetic digital content, including deepfakes, and any further action needed to address the issue of such use in fraudulent acts. This bill is a recommendation of the Joint Commission on Technology and Science.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Nominating a person to be elected as the Auditor of Public Accounts.. Description: Nominating a person to be elected as the Auditor of Public Accounts.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Lawrence Douglas Wilder.. Description: Commending Lawrence Douglas Wilder.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Roosevelt Harmon, Jr.. Description: Celebrating the life of Roosevelt Harmon, Jr.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Phyliss Bryum.. Description: Commending Phyliss Bryum.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Foreign protective orders in cases of family abuse; enforcement.. Description: Foreign protective orders in cases of family abuse; enforcement. Clarifies that the same criminal penalty applies for any person who violates the provisions of a foreign protective order in a case of family abuse that is accorded full faith and credit and is enforceable in the Commonwealth as if it were an order of the Commonwealth. This bill is a recommendation of the Judicial Council of Virginia.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Legal duty; action for damages for legal malpractice concerning estate planning.. Description: Legal duty; action for damages for legal malpractice concerning estate planning; third parties to an attorney-client contract. Provides that an attorney does not owe a legal duty to a person other than the client for the purpose of the client's estate planning, including the provision of legal advice or the preparation of legal documents, unless the client and attorney enter into a signed, written agreement expressly allowing for such. The bill provides that its provisions are declarative of existing law. The bill also repeals the provisions under current law that specify the statute of limitations for legal malpractice actions relating to contracts for legal services concerning estate planning and the tolling of such statute of limitations. The bill is a recommendation of the Boyd-Graves Conference.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Judith Brooks-Buck, Ph.D.. Description: Commending Judith Brooks-Buck, Ph.D.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Uniform Trust Code; expands definitions of "independent qualified trustee" and "qualified trustee".. Description: Uniform Trust Code; qualified trustee; definition. Expands the definitions of "independent qualified trustee" and "qualified trustee" to authorize additional entities to serve as an independent qualified trustee or a qualified trustee of a qualified self-settled spendthrift trust.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Weapons; possession prohibited in a hospital that provides mental health or developmental services.. Description: Weapons; possession prohibited in a hospital that provides mental health services or developmental services; penalty. Makes it a Class 1 misdemeanor for any person to intentionally, knowingly, or recklessly possess in the building of any hospital that provides mental health services or developmental services in the Commonwealth, including an emergency department or other facility rendering emergency medical care, a (i) firearm, (ii) knife with a blade over three and one-half inches, or (iii) other dangerous weapon, including explosives and stun weapons. The bill also provides that notice of such prohibitions shall be posted conspicuously at the public entrance of any hospital and no person shall be convicted of the offense if such notice is not posted, unless such person had actual notice of the prohibitions. The bill provides that any such firearm, knife, explosive, or weapon shall be subject to seizure by a law-enforcement officer and forfeited to the Commonwealth and specifies exceptions to the prohibition.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Cemeteries on private property; registration by localities.. Description: Registration by localities of cemeteries on private property. Requires localities to adopt an ordinance setting forth a register of identified cemeteries, graveyards, or other places of burial located on private property not belonging to any memorial or monumental association. Under current law, localities are permitted but not required to pass such an ordinance.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Elections; primary dates, presidential year primaries.. Description: Elections; primary dates; presidential year primaries. Provides that all primaries for offices to be filled at the November election in presidential election years shall be held on the date of the presidential primary. With respect to candidates for election in November of a presidential election year, the bill also lifts the requirement that petition signatures must be collected after January 1 of the presidential election year. The bill adjusts campaign finance filing deadlines for candidates in presidential year elections to account for the March primary date.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commonwealth of Virginia Higher Educational Institutions Bond Act of 2025; created.. Description: Bonds for public institutions of higher learning; emergency. Authorizes issuance of bonds in an amount up to $206,085,243 for revenue-producing capital projects at James Madison University and The College of William and Mary in Virginia. The bill contains an emergency clause.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Paid family and medical leave insurance program; notice requirements, civil action.. Description: Paid family and medical leave insurance program; notice requirements; civil action. Requires the Virginia Employment Commission to establish and administer a paid family and medical leave insurance program with benefits beginning January 1, 2028. Under the program, benefits are paid to covered individuals, as defined in the bill, for family and medical leave. Funding for the program is provided through premiums assessed to employers and employees beginning January 1, 2027. The bill provides that the amount of a benefit is 80 percent of the employee's average weekly wage, not to exceed 120 percent of the state weekly wage, which amount is required to be adjusted annually to reflect changes in the statewide average weekly wage. The bill caps the duration of paid leave at 12 weeks in any application year and provides self-employed individuals the option of participating in the program.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Abandonment of highways and roads; consideration of alternative use.. Description: Abandonment of highways and roads; consideration of alternative use. Provides that in Planning District 8, consideration shall be given to the discontinuance, rather than the abandonment, of a highway in the primary or secondary state highway system and its potential uses for (i) hiking or bicycle trails, (ii) greenway corridors, or (iii) access to historic, cultural, and educational sites. The bill also requires the governing body of a county in Planning District 8, prior to the abandonment of a road not in the primary or secondary state highway system, in determining whether public necessity exists for the continuance of a section of road as a public road, to consider such potential uses of such road as described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii).

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prospective employees; prohibiting employer seeking wage or salary history.. Description: Prohibiting employer seeking wage or salary history of prospective employees; wage or salary range transparency; cause of action. Prohibits a prospective employer from (i) seeking the wage or salary history of a prospective employee; (ii) relying on the wage or salary history of a prospective employee in determining the wages or salary the prospective employee is to be paid upon hire; (iii) relying on the wage or salary history of a prospective employee in considering the prospective employee for employment; (iv) refusing to interview, hire, employ, or promote a prospective employee or otherwise retaliating against a prospective employee for not providing wage or salary history; and (v) failing or refusing to disclose in each public and internal posting for each job, promotion, transfer, or other employment opportunity the wage, salary, or wage or salary range. The bill establishes a cause of action for an aggrieved prospective employee or employee and provides that an employer that violates such prohibitions is liable to the aggrieved prospective employee or employee for statutory damages between $1,000 and $10,000 or actual damages, whichever is greater, reasonable attorney fees and costs, and any other legal and equitable relief as may be appropriate.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Firearms; storage in residence where minor or person prohibited from possessing is present, penalty.. Description: Storage of firearms in a residence where a minor or person prohibited from possessing a firearm is present; penalty. Requires any person who possesses a firearm in a residence where such person knows that a minor or a person who is prohibited by law from possessing a firearm is present to store such firearm and the ammunition for such firearm in a locked container, compartment, or cabinet that is inaccessible to such minor or prohibited person. The bill provides that a violation is a Class 4 misdemeanor. The bill exempts (i) any person in lawful possession of a firearm who carries such firearm on or about his person and (ii) the storage of antique firearms and provides that the lawful authorization of a minor to access a firearm is not a violation of the bill's provisions. The bill also requires firearm dealers to post a notice stating such firearm storage requirements and the penalty for improperly storing such firearms.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Fire insurance; assignment of claims prohibited.. Description: Fire insurance; assignment of claims prohibited. Prohibits a fire insurance policy or a fire insurance policy in combination with other coverages from assigning or otherwise transferring, in whole or in part, to any other person the duties, rights, or benefits of the insured under the policy arising from a claim or covered loss without written consent of the insurer. Any such contract provision is void and unenforceable under the bill.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Line of Duty Act; benefits for campus police and private police officers, definitions.. Description: Line of Duty Act; campus police officers. Provides employees of contributing nonprofit private institutions of higher education, defined in the bill, with the benefits granted to employees of participating employers under the Line of Duty Act. The bill clarifies that the Line of Duty Act shall not apply to any private institution of higher education that is not a contributing nonprofit private institution of higher education. The bill requires each contributing nonprofit private institution of higher education to pay its pro rata share of the initial costs to implement the bill, as determined by the Virginia Retirement System.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Action for civil trespass; mapping of GPS, private road or driveway.. Description: Action for civil trespass; GPS; private road or driveway. Provides that, in any civil action for trespass upon the property of another, if a defendant in such action relied upon a global positioning system (GPS) resulting in such trespass, the owner or operator of such GPS may be added as a party to such action. The bill further provides that when a person operating a motor vehicle enters a private road or driveway that has a clear and noticeable sign indicating that such road is a private road or driveway, such person is liable for trespass upon such private road or driveway.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Shenandoah, Town of; new charter(previous charter repealed).. Description: Charter; Town of Shenandoah. Establishes a new charter for the Town of Shenandoah in Page County and repeals the current charter, which was created in 1926. The proposed charter sets out the organization of the town's government and contains powers typically granted to towns.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicle insurance; underinsured motorist coverage, revises language of required notice.. Description: Motor vehicle insurance; underinsured motorist coverage; required notice. Revises the language of the notice required to be enclosed with all motor vehicle insurance policies issued, delivered, or renewed after July 1, 2025, in the Commonwealth. The bill requires such notice to provide that the insured may choose to change the way the insured's underinsured motorist coverage is calculated.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Invasive plant species; retail sales.. Description: Invasive plant species; retail sales. Requires, for the retail sale of certain invasive plant species for outdoor use, a retail establishment to post in a conspicuous manner on the property located in proximity to each invasive plant signage identifying such plant as invasive, educating consumers regarding invasive plant species, and encouraging consumers to ask about alternatives. The bill requires the Commissioner of Agriculture and Consumer Services to designate the format, size, and content of such signage no later than October 1, 2025, and requires the Commissioner to issue a stop sale order and mark or tag a plant in a conspicuous manner when an invasive plant is for sale at a retail establishment without appropriate signage. In such case, the bill requires the Commissioner to give written notice of a finding made to the owner, tenant, or person in charge of such retail establishment and requires the stop sale order issued to remain in effect until the required signage is posted.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia coordinate systems; updates several references in Code.. Description: Virginia coordinate systems; federal updates. Updates several references in Code to the Virginia Coordinate System of 2022 and aligns state law with federal changes with respect to measurement standards. The bill replaces the U.S. survey foot with the international foot. The provisions of the bill become effective upon the official release by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's National Geodetic Survey of the State Plane Coordinate System of 2022 and certification in writing to the Virginia Code Commission that such contingency has been met.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Elections; prohibited activities, distribution of referendum materials.. Description: Elections; prohibited activities; distribution of referendum materials. Adds "referendum" to the description of materials that are prohibited from being distributed within certain areas while voting and registration activities are being conducted.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Roanoke, City of; amending charter, appointment of director of real estate valuation.. Description: Charter; City of Roanoke. Amends the charter for the City of Roanoke to allow for the appointment of the City's director of real estate valuation by city council. Currently, the director of real estate valuation is appointed by the city manager.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Josh A. Wyche, Sr.. Description: Commending Josh A. Wyche, Sr.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Wesley Brown.. Description: Commending Wesley Brown.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Assault firearms and certain ammunition feeding devices; purchase, etc., prohibited, penalty.. Description: Purchase, possession, sale, transfer, etc., of assault firearms and certain ammunition feeding devices prohibited; penalty. Creates a Class 1 misdemeanor for any person who imports, sells, manufactures, purchases, possesses, transports, or transfers an assault firearm, as that term is defined in the bill, and prohibits a person who has been convicted of such violation from purchasing, possessing, or transporting a firearm for a period of three years from the date of conviction. The bill provides that an assault firearm does not include any firearm that is an antique firearm, has been rendered permanently inoperable, is manually operated by bolt, pump, lever, or slide action, or was manufactured before July 1, 2025. The bill also prohibits the sale of a large capacity ammunition feeding device, as that term is defined in the bill. The bill provides that any person who willfully and intentionally (i) sells an assault firearm to another person or (ii) purchases an assault firearm from another person is guilty of a Class 1 misdemeanor and that any person who imports, sells, barters, or transfers a large capacity ammunition feeding device is guilty of a Class 1 misdemeanor. The bill also makes it a Class 1 misdemeanor for any person younger than 21 years of age to import, sell, manufacture, purchase, possess, transport, or transfer an assault firearm regardless of the date of manufacture of such assault firearm.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Va. Economic Development Partnership; evaluation of new economic development incentives.. Description: Virginia Economic Development Partnership; evaluation of new economic development incentives for companies engaging in the microchip and semiconductor and related equipment and material supplies sector; report. Directs the Virginia Economic Development Partnership, in collaboration with the Department of Taxation, to evaluate the benefits and impacts of new economic development incentives for companies engaging in the microchip and semiconductor and related equipment and material supplies sector. The bill requires VEDP to provide a report on its findings and recommendations to the Chairmen of the Senate Committee on Finance and Appropriations and the House Committee on Appropriations no later than November 30, 2025.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Line of Duty Act; payments to beneficiaries.. Description: Line of Duty Act; payments to beneficiaries. Provides that if a deceased person, as that term is defined in the Line of Duty Act, died as a result of certain cancers within 10 years from his date of retirement, his beneficiary shall be entitled to the payment of certain benefits. Under current law, such beneficiary shall be entitled to such payment if the deceased person's death (i) arose out of and in the course of his employment or (ii) was within five years from his date of retirement.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Law Officers' Retirement System; extends membership to conservation officers.. Description: Virginia Law Officers' Retirement System; conservation officers. Extends membership in the Virginia Law Officers' Retirement System (VaLORS) to conservation officers of the Department of Conservation and Recreation. The bill provides that such membership would apply only to service earned on or after July 1, 2025.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Danville, City of; new charter (previous charter repealed).. Description: Charter; City of Danville. Establishes a new charter for the City of Danville and repeals the current charter, which was created in 1982. The proposed charter sets out the organization of the city's government and contains powers typically granted to cities. Changes in the new charter include (i) replacing the current borrowing process with the process established by state law, (ii) eliminating the city council supermajority required to pass certain ordinances related to revenue and spending in conformance with state law, (iii) clarifying that certain council actions require a majority vote of those members present and voting rather than an absolute majority, (iv) eliminating the requirement that organizational changes to city departments and divisions be by ordinance, (v) reducing the maximum dollar limit required to be approved by ordinance to reflect a mandatory requirement of state law, and (vi) reducing from three to two the number of council members who can request a special meeting to reflect a mandatory requirement of state law. The bill makes numerous other clarifying and technical changes.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Va. Residential Property Disclosure Act; required disclosures for buyer to beware.. Description: Virginia Residential Property Disclosure Act; required disclosures for buyer to beware; aircraft noise. Requires that the owner of a residential real property include in the residential property disclosure statement provided to a potential purchaser of such residential real property a statement that the owner makes no representations with respect to whether the property is located in or near an airport noise overlay zone, and purchasers are advised to exercise whatever due diligence they deem necessary to determine whether the property is located in or near such a zone, including (i) reviewing Noise Exposure Maps developed by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration, (ii) visiting the Virginia Department of Aviation's website where such maps are accessible, and (iii) reviewing local ordinances and zoning maps that have adopted such zones. The bill also requires the Department of Aviation to make available on its website such Noise Exposure Maps and requires the Real Estate Board to include the Department of Aviation's website address where such maps can be found on the form for signature by the parties stating that the purchaser has been advised of the disclosures listed in the residential property disclosure statement. This bill is a recommendation of the Virginia Housing Commission.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Health insurance; required provisions regarding prior authorization for health care services.. Description: Health insurance; carrier contracts; required provisions regarding prior authorization for health care services; work group; report. Requires certain health insurance contracts under which an insurance carrier has the right or obligation to require prior authorization for a health care service, as defined in the bill, to include provisions governing the prior authorization process. Such required provisions include (i) time limits for a carrier to respond to prior authorization requests, (ii) prohibitions against a carrier requiring prior authorization for certain health care services, and (iii) requiring a carrier to provide reasons for denial of a request. The bill requires a carrier to make publicly available on its website a list of health care services and codes for which prior authorization is required. The foregoing provisions have a delayed effective date of January 1, 2027. The bill requires the State Corporation Commission's Bureau of Insurance to establish a work group to develop and deliver a report related to the bill's provisions by November 1, 2025.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Barbers and Cosmetology, Board for; employment prohibition, children 16 years of age or older.. Description: Board for Barbers and Cosmetology; employment prohibition exceptions; children 16 years of age or older. Allows children age 16 years of age or older to serve in a licensed barbershop or cosmetology salon provided that (i) the child is an apprentice, (ii) the child is participating in a work-training program in accordance with relevant law, or (iii) the child has obtained a cosmetology or barber license from the Board for Barbers and Cosmetology.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Mark Robert Outlaw.. Description: Celebrating the life of Mark Robert Outlaw.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Cybersecurity; electric service by investor-owned electric utilities, report.. Description: Cybersecurity; electric service by investor-owned electric utilities; work group; report. Directs the State Corporation Commission to convene a work group to evaluate cybersecurity as it relates to the provision of electric service by investor-owned electric utilities and requires the Commission to report on its findings and recommendations to the Chairmen of the House Committee on Labor and Commerce and the Senate Committee on Commerce and Labor by November 30, 2025.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Fire Prevention Code; prohibition on permit fees for certain localities.. Description: Fire Prevention Code; prohibition on permit fees for certain localities. Prohibits the State Fire Marshal from charging a fee for the approval and administration of a permit issued to the governing body of a locality with a total population of less than 10,000.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Transportation Trust Fund; extends limitation on personal liability for loss in investments.. Description: Transportation Trust Fund; investments; personal liability. Extends the limitation on personal liability for loss in investments from moneys in the Transportation Trust Fund to an individual's actions taken while serving on or employed by certain entities, even if such individual no longer serves on or is employed by any such entity. The bill also applies such limitation on personal liability for loss in investments to members and employees of the Central Virginia Transportation Authority.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Comprehensive plan; environmental justice strategy.. Description: Comprehensive plan; environmental justice strategy. Requires cities with populations greater than 20,000 and counties with populations greater than 100,000 to consider, at the next and all subsequent reviews of the comprehensive plan, adopting an environmental justice strategy. The bill provides that the locality's strategy shall be to identify environmental justice and fenceline communities within the jurisdiction of the local planning commission and identify objectives and policies to reduce health risks, to promote civic engagement, and to prioritize improvements and programs that address the needs of environmental justice and fenceline communities, as those terms are defined by the bill.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Abraham Mitchell.. Description: Celebrating the life of Abraham Mitchell.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Restraints on juveniles; use in court prohibited, unless upon motion of attorney or court.. Description: Use of restraints on juveniles in court prohibited; exceptions. Prohibits the use of instruments of restraint, as defined in the bill, on a juvenile appearing before the juvenile and domestic relations district court unless the court makes a finding that (i) the use of such restraints is necessary (a) to prevent physical harm to such juvenile or another person, (b) because such juvenile has a history of disruptive courtroom behavior that has placed others in potentially harmful situations or presents a substantial threat of serious harm to himself or others as evidenced by recent behavior, or (c) because such juvenile presents a substantial risk of flight from the courtroom and (ii) there are no less restrictive alternatives to such restraints that will prevent flight of or harm to such juvenile or another person, including court personnel or law-enforcement officers. The bill requires the court to provide the juvenile's attorney an opportunity to be heard before the court orders the use of instruments of restraint, and if such restraints are ordered, requires the court to make written findings of fact in support of the order.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Juveniles; fingerprints, palm prints, and photographs.. Description: Fingerprints, palm prints, and photographs of juveniles. Requires law-enforcement officers to obtain, electronically when possible, fingerprints, palm prints with accompanying distal prints, and photographs of any juvenile taken into custody and charged with a delinquent act. The bill also requires such fingerprints, palm prints, or photographs to be both filed with the Central Criminal Records Exchange and submitted electronically, when possible, to the State Police to be maintained in a confidential and secure area within the system in which the record is maintained that is inaccessible during routine use of such system. The bill further requires any electronic record of such fingerprints, palm prints, or photographs to be destroyed as soon as possible after the State Police have been notified that a petition or warrant has not been filed against the juvenile. The bill requires local law-enforcement agencies and the State Police to implement such changes no later than July 1, 2026.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Zoning; enhanced civil penalties, certain residential violations.. Description: Zoning; enhanced civil penalties; certain residential violations. Allows enhanced civil penalties for zoning violations involving property that is zoned or used for multifamily residential purposes. The bill also requires that for any violation involving property that is zoned or used for multifamily residential purposes, a person who admits liability shall be required to abate or remedy the violation within a period of time specified by the locality that is no less than 30 days but no more than 24 months from the date of admission of liability.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Fire Programs Fund; National Emergency Response Information System reporting.. Description: Fire Programs Fund; National Emergency Response Information System reporting. Requires localities receiving funds from the Fire Programs Fund to report all emergency incidents through the National Emergency Response Information System (NERIS) while sharing data with the Department of Fire Programs in its capacity as state manager of NERIS. The bill has a delayed effective date of July 1, 2026.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Retirement System; return to work, sunset date.. Description: Virginia Retirement System; return to work. Allows a retired sworn law-enforcement officer who returns to employment in a regional criminal justice academy to continue receiving his service retirement allowance. Such employment shall not increase, decrease, or affect in any way his retirement benefits before, during, or after such employment. Under current law, a retired law-enforcement officer may return to full-time employment without impact on his retirement benefits only if he is employed as a school security officer. The bill has a sunset date of July 1, 2028.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Dumfries, Town of; amending charter, town powers, etc.. Description: Charter; Town of Dumfries. Makes numerous amendments to the charter for the Town of Dumfries in Prince William County. Proposed changes (i) broaden the statement of the town's general grant of powers; (ii) provide for a runoff election in the case of a tie vote for a town council election, notwithstanding general law; (iii) reference general law for procedures for removing members of the town council who are convicted of certain crimes; (iv) clarify the duties of the mayor and vice mayor; (v) create the position of chair pro tem on the town council; (vi) clarify how vacancies on the town council will be filled; (vii) clarify the procedure for introducing and passing town ordinances and emergency ordinances; (viii) specify that members of town committees, boards, and commissions serve at the pleasure of the town council; (ix) clarify the duties of various town officers; (x) specify that there is a town clerk and describe the town clerk's duties; (xi) provide that town departments include departments concerning recreation and civic engagement; (xii) add a reference to town authority to impose civil penalties and cap any such civil penalties at $5,000; and (xiii) make numerous technical changes to update the town's charter, first enacted in 1994.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Limited-duration licenses, driver privilege cards and permits, etc.; expiration.. Description: Limited-duration licenses, driver privilege cards and permits, and identification privilege cards; expiration. Extends the validity of limited-duration licenses, driver privilege cards and permits, and identification privilege cards, other than REAL ID credentials, as defined in the bill, and commercial driver's licenses and permits, to a period of time consistent with the validity of (i) driver's licenses, which under current law is a period not to exceed eight years or for a person age 75 or older, a period not to exceed five years; (ii) permits, which under current law is the period of time until a driver's license is issued or the person is no longer eligible for such permit, a period of 12 months for motorcycle permits, or a period of the 60 days prior to the person's first behind-the-wheel exam for persons 25 years of age or older; and (iii) special identification cards, which under current law is a period between three and eight years, with exceptions, or for a person younger than the age of 15, until such person's sixteenth birthday, unless extended under certain circumstances for a period no longer than 90 days. The bill directs the Department of Motor Vehicles to implement the extended validity periods for such documents upon reissuance.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Local taxes; change to zoning ordinances, etc.. Description: Local taxes; zoning; assessments; injunctions; ordinances. Provides that for purposes of real estate subject to a special tax assessment for land preservation by local ordinance, a change to the zoning ordinance shall only be effective following (i) the approval of the relevant modification in the zoning classification of real estate; (ii) the exhaustion of the challenge or appeal period; and (iii) if pending, the final determination of any challenge or appeal made within such period. The bill also provides that for purposes of subdivided or rezoned lots, the assessment or reassessment required by law shall only be effective following (a) the approval of a modification in the zoning classification of the subject real estate, an exception to zoning or classification of the subject real estate, or a reclassification of the subject real estate; (b) the exhaustion of the challenge or appeal period for such approvals; or (c) if pending, the final determination of any such challenge or appeal made within such period. The bill also authorizes the circuit court to issue an injunction to stay the collection of taxes during the pendency of any application to the circuit court for an assessment correction upon a showing of (1) a bona fide hardship caused by such assessment and (2) a bona fide financial inability to satisfy such assessed tax obligation. Any injunction so issued shall not remain in effect later than when a final determination is made on the merits of an assessment correction application. Under current law, no suit for the purpose of restraining the assessment or collection of any local tax shall be maintained in any court of the Commonwealth, except when the party has no adequate remedy at law. Finally, the bill provides that any zoning ordinance enacted after December 1, 2023, shall not become effective until the later of either (A) the exhaustion of the period within which a decision of the local governing body may be contested or (B) if pending, the date of final determination for all actions related to a contested decision of the local governing body.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, Department of; repealing Virginia Free File Tax program.. Description: Department of Taxation; free tax filing program. Directs the Tax Commissioner to terminate the Virginia Free File program and the related agreement with the Consortium for Virginia. The bill also requires the Tax Commissioner to develop and offer a free individual state income tax filing program, effective beginning in taxable year 2028, that is similar to and compatible with the federal Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Direct File program. To implement the new program, the bill requires the Tax Commissioner to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the IRS and coordinate with the IRS in program development. The bill contains technical amendments that remove obsolete language regarding fillable forms.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Sales and use tax, local; additional tax authorized in all counties and cities to support schools.. Description: Additional local sales and use tax to support schools; referendum. Authorizes all counties and cities to impose an additional local sales and use tax at a rate not to exceed one percent with the revenue used only for capital projects, defined in the bill, if such levy is approved in a voter referendum, except for those counties and cities (i) where the combined rate of state and local retail sales and use taxes exceeds eight percent or (ii) that impose a meals tax or tax on the sale of food and beverages. The bill also removes the requirement that such tax have an expiration date on either (i) the date of the repayment of any bonds or loans used for such capital projects or (ii) a date chosen by the governing body, but in no case more than 20 years after the date of the approval of the referendum authorizing such tax. Under current law, only Charlotte, Gloucester, Halifax, Henry, Mecklenburg, Northampton, Patrick, and Pittsylvania Counties and the City of Danville are authorized to impose such a tax.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Real estate brokers and salespersons; duties, licensees engaged by buyers.. Description: Real estate brokers and salespersons; licensees engaged by buyers. Repeals the provision providing that, notwithstanding any other provision of law requiring written brokerage agreements or governing the duties of licensees, nothing shall be construed to require that a written agreement between a licensee and a prospective buyer or tenant be executed prior to the licensee's showing properties to the prospective buyer.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Architects; alternative to education requirement for licensure.. Description: Professions and occupations; alternative to education requirement for licensure of architects. Requires the Board for Architects, Professional Engineers, Land Surveyors, Certified Interior Designers and Landscape Architects to adopt regulations establishing work and education experience equivalencies that shall provide an alternative to the requirement of a professional degree in architecture from a program accredited by the National Architectural Accrediting Board. The bill also requires the Board to adopt regulations establishing a credit system to account for varying degrees of work and education experience and to develop requirements for applicants seeking licensure under this bill on an annual basis. The bill requires the Board to evaluate any past work or education experience of any applicant under this bill until July 1, 2028.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Health insurance; pharmacy benefits managers, definition of "covered entity.". Description: Health insurance; pharmacy benefits managers; definition of covered entity. Removes hospitals, as defined in existing law, from the exemption to the definition of covered entity for the purposes of existing law relating to pharmacy benefits managers.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Affordable housing; local zoning ordinance authority, comprehensive plan.. Description: Affordable housing; local zoning ordinance authority; comprehensive plan. Authorizes any locality in the Commonwealth to provide for an affordable housing dwelling unit program by amending the zoning ordinance of such locality. Current law restricts such authorization to counties with an urban county executive form of government or county manager plan of government and certain other localities. The bill has a delayed effective date of July 1, 2026.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Health insurance; coverage requirements for prostate cancer screenings.. Description: Health insurance; coverage requirements for prostate cancer screenings. Updates the current mandated requirement for health care coverage companies (including health insurers and HMOs), the health care coverage plan for state employees, and the state plan for Medicaid that provides coverage for one PSA test in a 12-month period to persons age 50 and over and to persons age 40 and over who are at high risk for prostate cancer according to American Cancer Society Guidelines such that the new coverage requirement is for prostate cancer screening that includes the current test and the current guidelines. This bill is a recommendation of the Health Insurance Reform Commission.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Blacksburg High School golf team.. Description: Commending the Blacksburg High School golf team.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Carrying concealed weapons; exception, penalty.. Description: Carrying concealed weapons; exception; penalty. Removes the exception to the prohibition on carrying a concealed weapon for any person who may lawfully possess a firearm and is carrying a handgun while in a personal, private motor vehicle or vessel and such handgun is secured in a container or compartment in the vehicle or vessel.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Telephone Privacy Protection Act; telephone solicitations by text message.. Description: Virginia Telephone Privacy Protection Act; telephone solicitations by text message. Permits an individual receiving a telephone solicitation via text message to request not to receive telephone solicitations from a telephone solicitor by replying to such text message with the word "UNSUBSCRIBE" or "STOP." The bill requires a telephone solicitor in receipt of such request to honor such request for at least 10 years from the time such request is made.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Auburn High School golf team.. Description: Commending the Auburn High School golf team.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Electronic fund transfers; fees prohibited.. Description: Fees for electronic fund transfers; prohibited. Provides that charging any transaction or processing fee or similar surcharge for the purchase of a good or service through the use of an electronic fund transfer is a prohibited practice under the Virginia Consumer Protection Act. The bill also prohibits landlords subject to the Virginia Residential Landlord and Tenant Act from charging a transaction or processing fee for the payment of a security deposit, rent, or any other amounts payable.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Cadet Colonel Anna Stroz, CAP.. Description: Commending Cadet Colonel Anna Stroz, CAP.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Debbie Rountree.. Description: Commending Debbie Rountree.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Ignition interlock system; duration.. Description: Ignition interlock system; duration. Increases the period of time during which a person, as a condition of a restricted license, is prohibited from operating a motor vehicle that is not equipped with an ignition interlock system from not less than six consecutive months to not less than 12 consecutive months without alcohol-related violations of the interlock requirements. This bill is a recommendation of the Commission on the Virginia Alcohol Safety Action Program.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Zoning violations; appeals; fines.. Description: Zoning violations; appeals; fines. Provides that a zoning ordinance may prescribe an appeal period of less than 30 days but not less than 10 days for a notice of violation involving the storage or disposal of nonagricultural excavation material, waste, and debris. The bill also provides for enhanced fines for any conviction resulting from a violation of provisions regulating the storage or disposal of nonagricultural excavation material, waste, and debris.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Michael David Killian.. Description: Celebrating the life of Michael David Killian.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: House of Delegates; salaries, contingent and incidental expenses.. Description: Salaries, contingent and incidental expenses.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Midlothian High School.. Description: Commending Midlothian High School.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Tomahawk Creek Middle School.. Description: Commending Tomahawk Creek Middle School.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Michele Moyer Lee.. Description: Commending Michele Moyer Lee.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the James Wood High School volleyball team.. Description: Commending the James Wood High School volleyball team.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Mark Merrill.. Description: Commending Mark Merrill.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Leland Teets.. Description: Commending Leland Teets.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Virginia Foundation for Healthy Youth.. Description: Commending the Virginia Foundation for Healthy Youth.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Timothy P. Duffy, Ph.D.. Description: Commending Timothy P. Duffy, Ph.D.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment; fundamental right to reproductive freedom (first reference).. Description: Constitutional amendment (first reference); fundamental right to reproductive freedom. Provides that every individual has the fundamental right to reproductive freedom and that the right to make and effectuate one's own decisions about all matters related to one's pregnancy cannot be denied, burdened, or otherwise infringed upon by the Commonwealth, unless justified by a compelling state interest and achieved by the least restrictive means. The amendment prohibits the Commonwealth from penalizing, prosecuting, or otherwise taking adverse action against an individual for exercising the individual's right to reproductive freedom or for aiding another individual in the exercise of such right, unless justified by a compelling state interest.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment; qualifications of voters, right to vote, persons not entitled to vote.. Description: Constitutional amendment (first reference); qualifications of voters; right to vote; persons not entitled to vote. Provides that every person who meets the qualifications of voters set forth in the Constitution of Virginia shall have the fundamental right to vote in the Commonwealth and that such right shall not be abridged by law, except for persons who have been convicted of a felony and persons who have been adjudicated to lack the capacity to understand the act of voting. A person who has been convicted of a felony shall not be entitled to vote during any period of incarceration for such felony conviction, but upon release from incarceration for that felony conviction and without further action required of him, such person shall be invested with all political rights, including the right to vote. Currently, in order to be qualified to vote a person convicted of a felony must have his civil rights restored by the Governor or other appropriate authority. The amendment also provides that a person adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction as lacking the capacity to understand the act of voting shall not be entitled to vote during this period of incapacity until his capacity has been reestablished as prescribed by law. Currently, the Constitution of Virginia provides that a person who has been adjudicated to be mentally incompetent is not qualified to vote until his competency is reestablished.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment; marriage between two adult persons.. Description: Constitutional amendment (first reference); marriage between two individuals; repeal of same-sex marriage prohibition; affirmative right to marry. Repeals the constitutional provision defining marriage as only a union between one man and one woman as well as the related provisions that are no longer valid as a result of the United States Supreme Court decision in Obergefell v. Hodges, 576 U.S. 644 (2015). The amendment provides that the right to marry is a fundamental right inherent in the liberty of persons and prohibits the Commonwealth and its political subdivisions from denying the issuance of a marriage license to two parties contemplating a lawful marriage on the basis of the sex, gender, or race of such parties. The Commonwealth and its political subdivisions are required to recognize any lawful marriage between two parties and to treat such marriages equally under the law, regardless of the sex, gender, or race of such parties. The amendment provides that religious organizations and clergy acting in their religious capacity have the right to refuse to perform any marriage.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Fair school funding reform; joint committee of various House and Senate committees to study.. Description: Study; joint committee of the House Committee on Education and the Senate Committee on Education and Health to study fair school funding reform; report. Establishes a joint committee consisting of five members of the House Committee on Education and three members of the Senate Committee on Education and Health to study fair school funding reform by, among other things, utilizing the recommendations from the Joint Legislative Audit and Review Commission in its July 2023 report, "Virginia's K-12 Funding Formula," and any stakeholder input and feedback received by the joint committee to produce and submit to the Division of Legislative Automated Services by the first day of the 2025 Regular Session of the General Assembly an executive summary of its findings and recommendations.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: General Assembly; establishes 2026 Regular Session prefiling schedule.. Description: General Assembly; 2026 Session prefiling schedule. Establishes a schedule for the prefiling period for the 2026 Regular Session of the General Assembly of Virginia.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: General Assembly; establishes schedule for conduct of business coming before 2025 Regular Session.. Description: General Assembly; 2025 Session schedule. Establishes a schedule for the conduct of business coming before the 2025 Regular Session of the General Assembly of Virginia.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Blacksburg High School girls' track and field team.. Description: Commending the Blacksburg High School girls' track and field team.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Christiansburg High School softball team.. Description: Commending the Christiansburg High School softball team.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Alexandria Archaeological Commission.. Description: Commending the Alexandria Archaeological Commission.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of James Stuart Weston, MD.. Description: Celebrating the life of James Stuart Weston, MD.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Henry Furlong Baldwin.. Description: Celebrating the life of Henry Furlong Baldwin.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Glenvar High School girls' soccer team.. Description: Commending the Glenvar High School girls' soccer team.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Glenvar High School boys' soccer team.. Description: Commending the Glenvar High School boys' soccer team.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying the Governor of organization.. Description: Notifying the Governor of organization.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Auburn High School girls' soccer team.. Description: Commending the Auburn High School girls' soccer team.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Ray Reynolds.. Description: Commending Ray Reynolds.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Mel Price.. Description: Commending Mel Price.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending program partners for the Virginia American Revolution 250 Commission's Fincastle Resolutions events.. Description: Commending program partners for the Virginia American Revolution 250 Commission's Fincastle Resolutions events.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Animal Welfare League of Arlington.. Description: Commending the Animal Welfare League of Arlington.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending the American Friends of Lafayette.. Description: Commending the American Friends of Lafayette.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Lancaster High School boys' basketball team.. Description: Commending the Lancaster High School boys' basketball team.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Charlotte County Virginia Angels softball team.. Description: Commending the Charlotte County Virginia Angels softball team.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Judges; election in Circuit Court, General District Court etc.. Description: Election of Circuit Court Judges, General District Court Judges, Juvenile and Domestic Relations District Court Judges, members of the Judicial Inquiry and Review Commission, and the Auditor of Public Accounts.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Jackie Francis Shepard, Jr.. Description: Celebrating the life of Jackie Francis Shepard, Jr.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Blackwater Baptist Church.. Description: Commending Blackwater Baptist Church.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Historic St. John's Church.. Description: Commending the Historic St. John's Church.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Patricia Buckley Moss.. Description: Celebrating the life of Patricia Buckley Moss.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Al Alexander.. Description: Commending Al Alexander.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending the MOC Beagles.. Description: Commending the MOC Beagles.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Roadway & pedestrian improvements in Gainesville; VDOT to study implementation in Prince Wm. County.. Description: Study; Department of Transportation; roadway and pedestrian improvements in Gainesville; report. Requests the Department of Transportation to study the feasibility of implementing certain roadway and pedestrian improvements in Gainesville in Prince William County, particularly along Somerset Crossing Drive.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Secretariat of Rural Affairs; JLARC to study need for and feasibility of creating position.. Description: Study; JLARC; creation of Secretariat of Rural Affairs; report. Directs the Joint Legislative Audit and Review Commission to study the need for and feasibility of creating a Secretariat of Rural Affairs in the Commonwealth.

In 2024, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia State Police, retired; TAX to study reducing economic stress.. Description: Study; Department of Taxation; reducing economic stress on retired Virginia State Police; report. Directs the Department of Taxation to study tax policy solutions for reducing economic stress on retired Virginia State Police.

In 2024, Virginia passed a bill titled: Drugs; JLARC to study scope and cost of penalizing possession as a felony.. Description: Study; JLARC; scope and cost of penalizing possession of drugs as a felony. Directs the Joint Legislative Audit and Review Commission to study the scope and cost of the current laws in the Commonwealth penalizing possession of drugs as a felony.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment; fundamental right to reproductive freedom (first reference).. Description: Constitutional amendment (first reference); fundamental right to reproductive freedom. Provides that every individual has the fundamental right to reproductive freedom and that such right shall not be denied, burdened, or infringed upon unless justified by a compelling state interest, defined within the text of the amendment, and achieved by the least restrictive means. The amendment allows the Commonwealth to regulate the provision of abortion care in the third trimester when it is medically indicated to protect the life or health of the pregnant individual or when the fetus is not viable. The amendment prohibits the Commonwealth from penalizing, prosecuting, or taking adverse action against an individual for exercising the individual's right to reproductive freedom or for aiding another individual in the exercise of such right.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment (first reference); qualifications of voters; right to vote; persons not entitled to vote.. Description: Constitutional amendment (first reference); qualifications of voters; right to vote; persons not entitled to vote. Provides that every person who meets the qualifications of voters set forth in the Constitution of Virginia shall have the fundamental right to vote in the Commonwealth and that such right shall not be abridged by law, except for persons who have been convicted of a felony and persons who have been adjudicated to lack the capacity to understand the act of voting. The amendment provides that a person who has been convicted of a felony shall not be entitled to vote during any period of incarceration for such felony conviction, but upon release from incarceration for that felony conviction and without further action required of him, such person shall be invested with all political rights, including the right to vote. Currently, in order to be qualified to vote a person convicted of a felony must have his civil rights restored by the Governor or other appropriate authority. The amendment also provides that a person adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction as lacking the capacity to understand the act of voting shall not be entitled to vote during this period of incapacity until his capacity has been reestablished as prescribed by law. Currently, the Constitution of Virginia provides that a person who has been adjudicated to be mentally incompetent is not qualified to vote until his competency is reestablished.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment; marriage between two adult persons, etc., (first reference).. Description: Constitutional amendment (first reference); marriage between two adult persons; repeal of same-sex marriage prohibition; affirmative right to marry. Repeals the constitutional provision defining marriage as only a union between one man and one woman as well as the related provisions that are no longer valid as a result of the United States Supreme Court decision in Obergefell v. Hodges, 576 U.S. 644 (2015). The amendment prohibits the Commonwealth and its political subdivisions from denying the issuance of a marriage license to two adult persons seeking a lawful marriage on the basis of the sex, gender, or race of such persons. The Commonwealth and its political subdivisions are required to recognize any lawful marriage between two adult persons and to treat such marriages equally under the law, regardless of the sex, gender, or race of such persons.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Women Veterans Day; designating as June 12, 2025, and each succeeding year thereafter.. Description: Women Veterans Day. Designates June 12, in 2025 and in each succeeding year, as Women Veterans Day in Virginia.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Captain Jerome A. Sheppard, USAF, Ret.. Description: Celebrating the life of Captain Jerome A. Sheppard, USAF, Ret.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Ehlers-Danlos Syndromes Awareness Month; designating as May 2025 & each succeeding year thereafter.. Description: Ehlers-Danlos Syndromes Awareness Month. Designates May, in 2025 and in each succeeding year, as Ehlers-Danlos Syndromes Awareness Month in Virginia.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Rappahannock High School baseball team.. Description: Commending the Rappahannock High School baseball team.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of Dorothy Belle Scates Langmack.. Description: Celebrating the life of Dorothy Belle Scates Langmack.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Specialized Education School Week; designating as first week of Oct. 2025 & each succeeding year.. Description: Specialized Education School Week. Designates the first week of October, in 2025 and in each succeeding year, as Specialized Education School Week.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Virginia Private College Week; designating as week of July 13, 2025, & 3rd week of July each year.. Description: Virginia Private College Week. Designates the week of July 13, 2025, and the third week of July in each succeeding year, as Virginia Private College Week in Virginia.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Anne Cochrane Pace.. Description: Commending Anne Cochrane Pace.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending Lawrence Douglas Wilder.. Description: Commending Lawrence Douglas Wilder.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commending the Reverend Dr. Kirkland R. Walton.. Description: Commending the Reverend Dr. Kirkland R. Walton.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending the 2025 House-Senate basketball game to benefit Massey Cancer Center.. Description: The annual House Senate Basketball Game.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending the Honorable G. Glenn Oder.. Description: Commending the Honorable G. Glenn Oder.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending Leo C. Bowers, M.D.. Description: Commending Leo C. Bowers, M.D.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending Ross A. Mugler.. Description: Commending Ross A. Mugler.

In 2025, Virginia passed a bill titled: Commemorating the life and legacy of Private Oscar Cleveland Hicks, USA.. Description: Commemorating the life and legacy of Private Oscar Cleveland Hicks, USA.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending Shrine Mont.. Description: Commending Shrine Mont.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending Jon R. Stehle, Jr.. Description: Commending Jon R. Stehle, Jr.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending So Lim.. Description: Commending So Lim.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending D. Thomas Ross.. Description: Commending D. Thomas Ross.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending Children's Home Society of Virginia.. Description: Commending Children's Home Society of Virginia.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending M'lissa Dunn.. Description: Commending M'lissa Dunn.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending Ronald G. Montgomery.. Description: Commending Ronald G. Montgomery.

In 2025, Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Commending the Rotary Club of Woodstock.. Description: Commending the Rotary Club of Woodstock.

