Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Washington:
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the temporary rules of the House of Representatives.. Description: Adopting the temporary rules of the House of Representatives.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Notifying the Governor that the House of Representatives is organized and ready to conduct business.. Description: Notifying the Governor that the House of Representatives is organized and ready to conduct business.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.. Description: Recognizing Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Viki Downey’s career.. Description: Honoring Viki Downey’s career.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Blaine Memorial United Methodist Church.. Description: Honoring Blaine Memorial United Methodist Church.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the permanent rules of the House of Representatives.. Description: Adopting the permanent rules of the House of Representatives.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Notifying the governor that the Senate is organized and ready.. Description: Notifying the governor that the Senate is organized and ready.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the senate's emergency parliamentary rules of the sixty-ninth legislature.. Description: Adopting the senate's emergency parliamentary rules of the sixty-ninth legislature.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Chief Brooks of the Lacey fire department.. Description: Honoring Chief Brooks of the Lacey fire department.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the permanent rules of the Senate.. Description: Adopting the permanent rules of the Senate.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.. Description: Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Calling two joint sessions of the legislature.. Description: Calling two joint sessions of the legislature.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing cutoff dates for the consideration of legislation during the 2025 regular session of the sixty-ninth legislature.. Description: Establishing cutoff dates for the consideration of legislation during the 2025 regular session of the sixty-ninth legislature.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting joint rules.. Description: Adopting joint rules.
In 2025, Washington passed a bill titled: Convening a joint session for the purpose of receiving the State of the Judiciary message.. Description: Convening a joint session for the purpose of receiving the State of the Judiciary message.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington national guard postsecondary education grant program.. Description: Concerning the Washington national guard postsecondary education grant program.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting a sale or transfer of real property for affordable housing to a nonprofit entity, housing authority, public corporation, county, or municipal corporation from the real estate excise tax.. Description: Exempting a sale or transfer of real property for affordable housing to a nonprofit entity, housing authority, public corporation, county, or municipal corporation from the real estate excise tax.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Permitting funds in the transportation vehicle fund to be used for electric and other clean pupil transportation vehicle feasibility planning and fueling station infrastructure.. Description: Permitting funds in the transportation vehicle fund to be used for electric and other clean pupil transportation vehicle feasibility planning and fueling station infrastructure.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Continuing the work of the dementia action collaborative.. Description: Continuing the work of the dementia action collaborative.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the building for the arts program.. Description: Concerning the building for the arts program.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the advisory committee on hunters and fishers with disabilities.. Description: Concerning the advisory committee on hunters and fishers with disabilities.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning commercial solicitation.. Description: Concerning commercial solicitation.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing providers to bill separately for immediate postpartum contraception.. Description: Allowing providers to bill separately for immediate postpartum contraception.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Encouraging the opening of safety rest areas to the public.. Description: Encouraging the opening of safety rest areas to the public.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding access to dual credit programs.. Description: Expanding access to dual credit programs.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing access to behavioral health services for minors.. Description: Increasing access to behavioral health services for minors.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Enhancing the college bound scholarship program by increasing opportunities for students to attend community and technical colleges.. Description: Enhancing the college bound scholarship program by increasing opportunities for students to attend community and technical colleges.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning facility fees for audio-only telemedicine.. Description: Concerning facility fees for audio-only telemedicine.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing safety measures for tow truck operators and vehicles.. Description: Addressing safety measures for tow truck operators and vehicles.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing barriers to condominium construction.. Description: Reducing barriers to condominium construction.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying waiver of firearm rights.. Description: Clarifying waiver of firearm rights.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning locations at which ballots may be cast.. Description: Concerning locations at which ballots may be cast.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning tribal participation in planning under the growth management act.. Description: Concerning tribal participation in planning under the growth management act.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Making higher education more affordable and accessible for students by bridging the gap between cost and need to reduce barriers, improve opportunity, and advance economic security.. Description: Making higher education more affordable and accessible for students by bridging the gap between cost and need to reduce barriers, improve opportunity, and advance economic security.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning accessory dwelling units.. Description: Concerning accessory dwelling units.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing methane emissions from landfills.. Description: Reducing methane emissions from landfills.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning investigations of child abuse or neglect at residential facilities.. Description: Concerning investigations of child abuse or neglect at residential facilities.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning prototypical school formulas for physical, social, and emotional support in schools.. Description: Concerning prototypical school formulas for physical, social, and emotional support in schools.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning use and acquisition of military equipment by law enforcement agencies.. Description: Concerning use and acquisition of military equipment by law enforcement agencies.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the use of verifiable credentials.. Description: Concerning the use of verifiable credentials.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting octopus farming.. Description: Prohibiting octopus farming.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing digital privacy day.. Description: Recognizing digital privacy day.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Keenan Konopaski.. Description: Honoring Keenan Konopaski.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Bill Russell.. Description: Honoring Bill Russell.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Pat Dunn.. Description: Honoring Pat Dunn.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Ramadan.. Description: Recognizing Ramadan.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning consumer debt.. Description: Concerning consumer debt.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning wildfire prevention.. Description: Concerning wildfire prevention.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Harming police animals.. Description: Harming police animals.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding apprenticeship utilization requirements.. Description: Expanding apprenticeship utilization requirements.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning robocalling and telephone scams.. Description: Concerning robocalling and telephone scams.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding access to dual credit programs.. Description: Expanding access to dual credit programs.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Funding special education.. Description: Funding special education.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the audiology and speech-language pathology interstate compact.. Description: Concerning the audiology and speech-language pathology interstate compact.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the penalty for hazing.. Description: Increasing the penalty for hazing.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Installing signs on or near bridges to provide information to deter jumping.. Description: Installing signs on or near bridges to provide information to deter jumping.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding access to drug testing equipment.. Description: Expanding access to drug testing equipment.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning interruptive military service credit for members of the state retirement systems.. Description: Concerning interruptive military service credit for members of the state retirement systems.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning participating in insurance plans and contracts by separated plan 2 members of certain retirement systems.. Description: Concerning participating in insurance plans and contracts by separated plan 2 members of certain retirement systems.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning military spouse employment.. Description: Concerning military spouse employment.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the sanitary control of shellfish.. Description: Concerning the sanitary control of shellfish.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the response to extreme weather events.. Description: Addressing the response to extreme weather events.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing regional apprenticeship programs.. Description: Establishing regional apprenticeship programs.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning minimum employment requirements for paraeducators.. Description: Concerning minimum employment requirements for paraeducators.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Expediting licensure for cosmetologists, hair designers, barbers, manicurists, and estheticians.. Description: Expediting licensure for cosmetologists, hair designers, barbers, manicurists, and estheticians.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Changing the expiration date for the sales and use tax exemption of hog fuel to comply with the 2045 deadline for fossil fuel-free electrical generation in Washington state and to protect jobs with health care and retirement benefits in economically distressed communities.. Description: Changing the expiration date for the sales and use tax exemption of hog fuel to comply with the 2045 deadline for fossil fuel-free electrical generation in Washington state and to protect jobs with health care and retirement benefits in economically distressed communities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the pesticide advisory board.. Description: Creating the pesticide advisory board.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Designating the Suciasaurus rex as the official dinosaur of the state of Washington.. Description: Designating the Suciasaurus rex as the official dinosaur of the state of Washington.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating wire tap authorization reporting to the administrative office of the courts.. Description: Eliminating wire tap authorization reporting to the administrative office of the courts.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting crime victims and witnesses by promoting victim-centered, trauma-informed responses in the legal system.. Description: Supporting crime victims and witnesses by promoting victim-centered, trauma-informed responses in the legal system.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning applied doctorate degree-granting authority.. Description: Concerning applied doctorate degree-granting authority.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying medal of valor award presentation requirements.. Description: Modifying medal of valor award presentation requirements.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Mitigating the risk of wildfires through electric utility planning and identification of best management practices appropriate to each electric utility's circumstances.. Description: Mitigating the risk of wildfires through electric utility planning and identification of best management practices appropriate to each electric utility's circumstances.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Evaluating compostable product usage in Washington.. Description: Evaluating compostable product usage in Washington.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning family burial grounds.. Description: Concerning family burial grounds.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning physical therapists performing intramuscular needling.. Description: Concerning physical therapists performing intramuscular needling.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the use of existing buildings for residential purposes.. Description: Concerning the use of existing buildings for residential purposes.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning association records in common interest communities.. Description: Concerning association records in common interest communities.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing capital financial assistance to small school districts with demonstrated funding challenges.. Description: Providing capital financial assistance to small school districts with demonstrated funding challenges.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding housing supply by supporting the ability of public housing authorities to finance affordable housing developments by rebenchmarking area median income limits.. Description: Expanding housing supply by supporting the ability of public housing authorities to finance affordable housing developments by rebenchmarking area median income limits.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the use of toxic chemicals in cosmetic products.. Description: Concerning the use of toxic chemicals in cosmetic products.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Enhancing the Washington voting rights act.. Description: Enhancing the Washington voting rights act.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating timelines for adopting county commissioner district boundaries following expansion from three to five commissioners.. Description: Updating timelines for adopting county commissioner district boundaries following expansion from three to five commissioners.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing a property tax exemption for qualified real and personal property owned or used by a nonprofit entity in providing qualified housing funded in whole or part through a local real estate excise tax.. Description: Providing a property tax exemption for qualified real and personal property owned or used by a nonprofit entity in providing qualified housing funded in whole or part through a local real estate excise tax.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the authority of owners' associations in common interest communities to regulate or limit occupancy by unrelated persons.. Description: Addressing the authority of owners' associations in common interest communities to regulate or limit occupancy by unrelated persons.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning public safety employees' retirement plan membership for public safety telecommunicators.. Description: Concerning public safety employees' retirement plan membership for public safety telecommunicators.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Repealing some postretirement employment restrictions.. Description: Repealing some postretirement employment restrictions.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing a benefit increase to certain retirees of the public employees' retirement system plan 1 and the teachers' retirement system plan 1.. Description: Providing a benefit increase to certain retirees of the public employees' retirement system plan 1 and the teachers' retirement system plan 1.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Streamlining the licensing process for a commercial driver's license by allowing the department to waive requirements for applicants that previously surrendered the license, allowing the license to be renewed online, and modifying the license test fees.. Description: Streamlining the licensing process for a commercial driver's license by allowing the department to waive requirements for applicants that previously surrendered the license, allowing the license to be renewed online, and modifying the license test fees.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning reorganization of domestic mutual insurers.. Description: Concerning reorganization of domestic mutual insurers.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating prelicensing education requirements for licensed insurance producers.. Description: Eliminating prelicensing education requirements for licensed insurance producers.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Making technical corrections and removing obsolete language from the Revised Code of Washington pursuant to RCW 1.08.025.. Description: Making technical corrections and removing obsolete language from the Revised Code of Washington pursuant to RCW 1.08.025.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning injured workers' rights during compelled medical examinations.. Description: Concerning injured workers' rights during compelled medical examinations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the mental health counselor compact.. Description: Adopting the mental health counselor compact.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting the sale and leaseback of property by a seller from the residential landlord-tenant act when the seller agrees to a written lease at closing.. Description: Exempting the sale and leaseback of property by a seller from the residential landlord-tenant act when the seller agrees to a written lease at closing.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning medical assistants.. Description: Concerning medical assistants.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing documentation and processes governing landlords' claims for damage to residential premises.. Description: Addressing documentation and processes governing landlords' claims for damage to residential premises.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning courthouse facility dogs.. Description: Concerning courthouse facility dogs.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning rapid whole genome sequencing.. Description: Concerning rapid whole genome sequencing.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning body worn cameras.. Description: Concerning body worn cameras.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding opportunities for physical therapy and occupational therapy professionals to form professional service corporations.. Description: Expanding opportunities for physical therapy and occupational therapy professionals to form professional service corporations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning freight mobility prioritization.. Description: Concerning freight mobility prioritization.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing plastic pollution.. Description: Reducing plastic pollution.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing local governments' ability to contract with community service organizations.. Description: Increasing local governments' ability to contract with community service organizations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the uniform family law arbitration act.. Description: Concerning the uniform family law arbitration act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the sale of cosmetics tested on animals.. Description: Concerning the sale of cosmetics tested on animals.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the disposition of the remains of a county resident who dies indigent in an adjacent county outside of Washington.. Description: Concerning the disposition of the remains of a county resident who dies indigent in an adjacent county outside of Washington.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for tenant screening in common interest communities.. Description: Providing for tenant screening in common interest communities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning judge pro tempore compensation.. Description: Concerning judge pro tempore compensation.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Avoiding interest arbitrage charges on bond proceeds in the capital vessel replacement account.. Description: Avoiding interest arbitrage charges on bond proceeds in the capital vessel replacement account.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning eligibility and requirements for deferred prosecutions.. Description: Concerning eligibility and requirements for deferred prosecutions.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring public agencies to provide notice for public comment that includes the last date by which such public comment must be submitted.. Description: Requiring public agencies to provide notice for public comment that includes the last date by which such public comment must be submitted.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning qualifications for unemployment insurance when an individual voluntarily leaves work.. Description: Concerning qualifications for unemployment insurance when an individual voluntarily leaves work.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning removing the terms "master" and "servant" from Titles 50 and 50A.. Description: Concerning removing the terms "master" and "servant" from Titles 50 and 50A.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing funding for school districts for special education.. Description: Providing funding for school districts for special education.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing middle housing in areas traditionally dedicated to single-family detached housing.. Description: Increasing middle housing in areas traditionally dedicated to single-family detached housing.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Imposing criminal penalties for negligent driving involving the death of a vulnerable user victim.. Description: Imposing criminal penalties for negligent driving involving the death of a vulnerable user victim.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Reviewing reprimands for professional educators.. Description: Reviewing reprimands for professional educators.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the membership of the sentencing guidelines commission.. Description: Concerning the membership of the sentencing guidelines commission.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the extent to which Washington residents are at risk of rolling blackouts and power supply inadequacy events.. Description: Addressing the extent to which Washington residents are at risk of rolling blackouts and power supply inadequacy events.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the best interest standard for annuity transactions.. Description: Concerning the best interest standard for annuity transactions.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the uniform child abduction prevention act.. Description: Concerning the uniform child abduction prevention act.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Granting Washington management service employees the right to collectively bargain.. Description: Granting Washington management service employees the right to collectively bargain.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Passed Legislature: Making transportation appropriations for the 2021-2023 and 2023-2025 fiscal biennia.Revised for 1st Substitute: Making transportation appropriations for the 2021-2023 fiscal biennium and the 2023-2025 fiscal biennium.Original: Making transportation appropriations for the 2023-2025 fiscal biennium.. Description: Revised for Passed Legislature: Making transportation appropriations for the 2021-2023 and 2023-2025 fiscal biennia.Revised for 1st Substitute: Making transportation appropriations for the 2021-2023 fiscal biennium and the 2023-2025 fiscal biennium.Original: Making transportation appropriations for the 2023-2025 fiscal biennium.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Raising the residential personal needs allowance.. Description: Raising the residential personal needs allowance.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning oversight and training requirements for limited authority Washington peace officers and agencies.. Description: Concerning oversight and training requirements for limited authority Washington peace officers and agencies.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing the 988 behavioral health crisis response and suicide prevention system.. Description: Implementing the 988 behavioral health crisis response and suicide prevention system.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning drought preparedness.. Description: Concerning drought preparedness.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning requirements for the purchase or transfer of firearms.. Description: Concerning requirements for the purchase or transfer of firearms.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Notifying high school students and their families about available dual credit programs and any available financial assistance.. Description: Notifying high school students and their families about available dual credit programs and any available financial assistance.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state general obligation bonds and related accounts.. Description: Concerning state general obligation bonds and related accounts.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Mandating coverage for fertility services.. Description: Mandating coverage for fertility services.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the collection, sharing, and selling of consumer health data.. Description: Addressing the collection, sharing, and selling of consumer health data.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting certain leasehold interests in arenas with a seating capacity of more than 2,000 from the leasehold excise tax.. Description: Exempting certain leasehold interests in arenas with a seating capacity of more than 2,000 from the leasehold excise tax.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning civil remedies for unauthorized disclosure of intimate images.. Description: Concerning civil remedies for unauthorized disclosure of intimate images.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning residential housing regulations.. Description: Concerning residential housing regulations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing prevention services, diagnoses, treatment, and support for prenatal substance exposure.. Description: Providing prevention services, diagnoses, treatment, and support for prenatal substance exposure.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning legal financial obligations.. Description: Concerning legal financial obligations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving climate resilience through updates to the state's integrated climate response strategy.. Description: Improving climate resilience through updates to the state's integrated climate response strategy.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the motorcycle safety education advisory board.. Description: Modifying the motorcycle safety education advisory board.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing light pollution associated with certain energy infrastructure.. Description: Reducing light pollution associated with certain energy infrastructure.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a state financial assurance program for petroleum underground storage tanks.. Description: Creating a state financial assurance program for petroleum underground storage tanks.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Developing opportunities for service and workforce programs to support climate-ready communities.. Description: Developing opportunities for service and workforce programs to support climate-ready communities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a missing and murdered indigenous women and people cold case investigations unit.. Description: Creating a missing and murdered indigenous women and people cold case investigations unit.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing the state auditor to receive nonconviction data.. Description: Authorizing the state auditor to receive nonconviction data.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving the state's response to climate change by updating the state's planning framework.. Description: Improving the state's response to climate change by updating the state's planning framework.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing environmental impacts associated with lighting products.. Description: Reducing environmental impacts associated with lighting products.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning privileged communication between employees and the unions that represent them.. Description: Concerning privileged communication between employees and the unions that represent them.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning individuals with developmental disabilities that have also received child welfare services.. Description: Concerning individuals with developmental disabilities that have also received child welfare services.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the release of incarcerated individuals from total confinement prior to the expiration of a sentence.. Description: Concerning the release of incarcerated individuals from total confinement prior to the expiration of a sentence.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Defining attending provider and clarifying other provider functions for workers' compensation claims, and adding psychologists as attending providers for mental health only claims.. Description: Defining attending provider and clarifying other provider functions for workers' compensation claims, and adding psychologists as attending providers for mental health only claims.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing licensed child care in common interest communities.. Description: Addressing licensed child care in common interest communities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring public employers to provide employee information to exclusive bargaining representatives.. Description: Requiring public employers to provide employee information to exclusive bargaining representatives.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Improving the fiscal process by updating accounts administered by the office of financial management, creating new accounts including one for the opioid litigation settlement and one for the receipt of federal funds, and reenacting accounts created in the supplemental budget bill.. Description: Improving the fiscal process by updating accounts administered by the office of financial management, creating new accounts including one for the opioid litigation settlement and one for the receipt of federal funds, and reenacting accounts created in the supplemental budget bill.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing the family connections program.. Description: Implementing the family connections program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Responsibility for providing service by publication of a summons or notice in dependency and termination of parental rights cases.. Description: Responsibility for providing service by publication of a summons or notice in dependency and termination of parental rights cases.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Preventing and responding to harassment, intimidation, bullying, and discrimination in schools.. Description: Preventing and responding to harassment, intimidation, bullying, and discrimination in schools.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Restricting the possession, purchase, delivery, and sale of certain equipment used to illegally process controlled substances.. Description: Restricting the possession, purchase, delivery, and sale of certain equipment used to illegally process controlled substances.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the recording of school board meetings.. Description: Concerning the recording of school board meetings.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning compliance with labeling requirements for wipes.. Description: Concerning compliance with labeling requirements for wipes.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning clean energy siting.. Description: Concerning clean energy siting.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning wage complaints.. Description: Concerning wage complaints.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding a new caseload for the official caseload forecast for the number of people eligible for the working families' tax credit under RCW 82.08.0206.. Description: Adding a new caseload for the official caseload forecast for the number of people eligible for the working families' tax credit under RCW 82.08.0206.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the privacy of lottery players.. Description: Concerning the privacy of lottery players.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring coverage for hearing instruments.. Description: Requiring coverage for hearing instruments.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for recreational licensing of smelt, crawfish, and carp.. Description: Providing for recreational licensing of smelt, crawfish, and carp.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Building a multilingual, multiliterate Washington through dual and tribal language education.. Description: Building a multilingual, multiliterate Washington through dual and tribal language education.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring school districts and other public education entities to make information from the department of health available.. Description: Requiring school districts and other public education entities to make information from the department of health available.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Enhancing the college bound scholarship program.. Description: Enhancing the college bound scholarship program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the civil forfeiture of animals seized for abuse or neglect.. Description: Concerning the civil forfeiture of animals seized for abuse or neglect.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying miscellaneous provisions impacting department of fish and wildlife licensing requirements.. Description: Modifying miscellaneous provisions impacting department of fish and wildlife licensing requirements.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Enhancing access to clean fuel for agencies providing public transportation.. Description: Enhancing access to clean fuel for agencies providing public transportation.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Redistributing the vehicle identification number inspection fee.. Description: Redistributing the vehicle identification number inspection fee.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing free school meals for all.. Description: Providing free school meals for all.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a simple and uniform system for complaints related to, and instituting a code of educator ethics for, conduct within or involving public elementary and secondary schools.. Description: Establishing a simple and uniform system for complaints related to, and instituting a code of educator ethics for, conduct within or involving public elementary and secondary schools.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing firearms-related safety measures to increase public safety.. Description: Establishing firearms-related safety measures to increase public safety.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing harassment.. Description: Addressing harassment.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning municipal airport commissions.. Description: Concerning municipal airport commissions.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing housing options through lot splitting.. Description: Increasing housing options through lot splitting.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Licensing music therapists.. Description: Licensing music therapists.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning pupil transportation.. Description: Concerning pupil transportation.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Regarding limits on the sale and possession of retail cannabis products.. Description: Regarding limits on the sale and possession of retail cannabis products.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the low-income home rehabilitation program.. Description: Modifying the low-income home rehabilitation program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning water systems' notice to customers of public health considerations.. Description: Concerning water systems' notice to customers of public health considerations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying ambiguities in statutory provisions administered by the department of revenue relating to periodic adjustments.. Description: Clarifying ambiguities in statutory provisions administered by the department of revenue relating to periodic adjustments.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing stigma and incentivizing health care professionals to participate in a substance use disorder monitoring and treatment program.. Description: Reducing stigma and incentivizing health care professionals to participate in a substance use disorder monitoring and treatment program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the authority of cargo and passenger ports.. Description: Concerning the authority of cargo and passenger ports.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing tourism to Washington state through enhancement of the statewide tourism marketing account and changing necessary match requirements.. Description: Increasing tourism to Washington state through enhancement of the statewide tourism marketing account and changing necessary match requirements.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating the executive team of the office of the secretary of state by adding signing authority to the chief of staff position.. Description: Updating the executive team of the office of the secretary of state by adding signing authority to the chief of staff position.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Accelerating stability for people with a work-limiting disability or incapacity.. Description: Accelerating stability for people with a work-limiting disability or incapacity.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a lump sum reporting system.. Description: Establishing a lump sum reporting system.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a property tax exemption for adult family homes that serve people with intellectual or developmental disabilities and are owned by a nonprofit.. Description: Establishing a property tax exemption for adult family homes that serve people with intellectual or developmental disabilities and are owned by a nonprofit.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning email communication by the office of the insurance commissioner.. Description: Concerning email communication by the office of the insurance commissioner.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning rural public facilities sales and use tax.. Description: Concerning rural public facilities sales and use tax.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning sentencing enhancements.. Description: Concerning sentencing enhancements.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning organ transport vehicles.. Description: Concerning organ transport vehicles.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning publishing, formatting, and distribution of the state and local voters' pamphlets.. Description: Concerning publishing, formatting, and distribution of the state and local voters' pamphlets.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a child malnutrition field guide for the department of children, youth, and families.. Description: Creating a child malnutrition field guide for the department of children, youth, and families.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning athletic trainers.. Description: Concerning athletic trainers.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Improving the consistency and quality of the implementation of the fundamental course of study for paraeducators.Original: Establishing rules to improve the consistency and quality of the implementation of the fundamental courses of study for paraeducators.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Improving the consistency and quality of the implementation of the fundamental course of study for paraeducators.Original: Establishing rules to improve the consistency and quality of the implementation of the fundamental courses of study for paraeducators.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring environmental and labor reporting for public building construction and renovation material.. Description: Requiring environmental and labor reporting for public building construction and renovation material.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning dental hygienists.. Description: Concerning dental hygienists.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the department of veterans affairs.. Description: Concerning the department of veterans affairs.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning program administration for the Washington state opportunity scholarship program.. Description: Concerning program administration for the Washington state opportunity scholarship program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning training for tribal police officers and employees.. Description: Concerning training for tribal police officers and employees.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding collective bargaining for employees who are enrolled in academic programs at public institutions of higher education.. Description: Expanding collective bargaining for employees who are enrolled in academic programs at public institutions of higher education.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Streamlining development regulations.. Description: Streamlining development regulations.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning fraud in assisted reproduction.. Description: Concerning fraud in assisted reproduction.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating license review and reporting requirements.. Description: Creating license review and reporting requirements.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the vehicle report of sale.. Description: Concerning the vehicle report of sale.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the administration of property taxes.. Description: Concerning the administration of property taxes.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Regulating electric security alarm systems.. Description: Regulating electric security alarm systems.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning high school graduation pathway options.. Description: Concerning high school graduation pathway options.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing credit repair services performed by a credit services organization.. Description: Addressing credit repair services performed by a credit services organization.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning jury service.. Description: Concerning jury service.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Passed Legislature: Concerning grass roots lobbying disclosure.Original: Concerning grassroots lobbying disclosure.. Description: Revised for Passed Legislature: Concerning grass roots lobbying disclosure.Original: Concerning grassroots lobbying disclosure.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning retail sales tax exemptions for certain aircraft maintenance and repair.. Description: Concerning retail sales tax exemptions for certain aircraft maintenance and repair.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing collision reporting criteria triggering driver's license reexamination.. Description: Addressing collision reporting criteria triggering driver's license reexamination.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning access to personnel records.. Description: Concerning access to personnel records.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Walla Walla water 2050 plan.. Description: Concerning the Walla Walla water 2050 plan.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring a training and certification program for individuals who apply fire-resistant materials.. Description: Requiring a training and certification program for individuals who apply fire-resistant materials.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the scoring of prior juvenile offenses in sentencing range calculations.. Description: Concerning the scoring of prior juvenile offenses in sentencing range calculations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Waiving municipal utility connection charges for certain properties.. Description: Waiving municipal utility connection charges for certain properties.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Preventing utility shutoffs for nonpayment during extreme heat.. Description: Preventing utility shutoffs for nonpayment during extreme heat.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adjusting the threshold for requiring candidate contribution certifications relating to foreign nationals.. Description: Adjusting the threshold for requiring candidate contribution certifications relating to foreign nationals.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Supporting public school instruction in tribal sovereignty and federally recognized Indian tribes.. Description: Supporting public school instruction in tribal sovereignty and federally recognized Indian tribes.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the access of certain aquatic lands by a public transportation benefit area.. Description: Addressing the access of certain aquatic lands by a public transportation benefit area.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the unauthorized publication of personal identifying information.. Description: Concerning the unauthorized publication of personal identifying information.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Splitting the volunteer firefighters' and reserve officers' relief and pension principal fund into two accounts.. Description: Splitting the volunteer firefighters' and reserve officers' relief and pension principal fund into two accounts.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding housing options by easing barriers to the construction and use of accessory dwelling units.. Description: Expanding housing options by easing barriers to the construction and use of accessory dwelling units.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning actions by health professions disciplining authorities against license applicants and license holders.. Description: Concerning actions by health professions disciplining authorities against license applicants and license holders.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the contribution to costs of privileges by incarcerated individuals.. Description: Concerning the contribution to costs of privileges by incarcerated individuals.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the purple star award.. Description: Creating the purple star award.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning foreclosure protections.. Description: Concerning foreclosure protections.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing tribal investment in county investment pools.. Description: Authorizing tribal investment in county investment pools.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating property tax exemptions for service-connected disabled veterans and senior citizens.. Description: Updating property tax exemptions for service-connected disabled veterans and senior citizens.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Modernizing the prior authorization process.. Description: Modernizing the prior authorization process.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating statutes related to state employment by removing obsolete language, eliminating unnecessary reports, conforming a reporting period to fiscal year, and modernizing employee pay procedures.. Description: Updating statutes related to state employment by removing obsolete language, eliminating unnecessary reports, conforming a reporting period to fiscal year, and modernizing employee pay procedures.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Improving government efficiency related to reports by state agencies by eliminating reports, changing the frequency of reports, and providing an alternative method for having information publicly available in place of reports.. Description: Improving government efficiency related to reports by state agencies by eliminating reports, changing the frequency of reports, and providing an alternative method for having information publicly available in place of reports.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Eliminating unnecessary homeless funding budget and auditing requirements.. Description: Eliminating unnecessary homeless funding budget and auditing requirements.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring and funding the purchase of zero emission school buses.. Description: Requiring and funding the purchase of zero emission school buses.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning off-duty employment of fish and wildlife officers.. Description: Concerning off-duty employment of fish and wildlife officers.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing the payment of awards to whistleblowers who report violations of state or federal securities laws and providing protection to whistleblowers and internal reporters.. Description: Providing the payment of awards to whistleblowers who report violations of state or federal securities laws and providing protection to whistleblowers and internal reporters.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing incentives to improve freight railroad infrastructure.. Description: Providing incentives to improve freight railroad infrastructure.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Posting of approved courses and providers of continuing education.. Description: Posting of approved courses and providers of continuing education.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the removal of derelict aquatic structures and restoration of aquatic lands.. Description: Concerning the removal of derelict aquatic structures and restoration of aquatic lands.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Requiring the criminal justice training commission to establish a program.Original: Requiring the criminal justice training commission to establish a program to recruit and train a pool of applicants who may be employed by certain law enforcement agencies in the state.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Requiring the criminal justice training commission to establish a program.Original: Requiring the criminal justice training commission to establish a program to recruit and train a pool of applicants who may be employed by certain law enforcement agencies in the state.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning district energy systems.. Description: Concerning district energy systems.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning energy in buildings.. Description: Concerning energy in buildings.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Promoting the fair servicing and repair of digital electronic equipment.. Description: Promoting the fair servicing and repair of digital electronic equipment.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a developmentally appropriate response to youth who commit sexual offenses.. Description: Creating a developmentally appropriate response to youth who commit sexual offenses.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Preserving public benefit payments to people in the care of the department of children, youth, and families.. Description: Preserving public benefit payments to people in the care of the department of children, youth, and families.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning youth seeking housing assistance and other related services.. Description: Concerning youth seeking housing assistance and other related services.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Maintaining eligibility for developmental disability services.. Description: Maintaining eligibility for developmental disability services.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Applying the affected market customer provisions of the Washington clean energy transformation act to nonresidential customers of consumer-owned utilities.. Description: Applying the affected market customer provisions of the Washington clean energy transformation act to nonresidential customers of consumer-owned utilities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning county treasurers' duties.. Description: Concerning county treasurers' duties.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning lien priority of mortgages and deeds of trust.. Description: Concerning lien priority of mortgages and deeds of trust.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adding counties to the voluntary stewardship program.. Description: Adding counties to the voluntary stewardship program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning consumer protection with respect to the sale and adoption of dogs and cats.. Description: Concerning consumer protection with respect to the sale and adoption of dogs and cats.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Facilitating municipal annexations.. Description: Facilitating municipal annexations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying that meals furnished to tenants of senior living communities as part of their rental agreement are not subject to sales and use tax.. Description: Clarifying that meals furnished to tenants of senior living communities as part of their rental agreement are not subject to sales and use tax.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning energy labeling of residential buildings.. Description: Concerning energy labeling of residential buildings.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Developing a home care safety net assessment.. Description: Developing a home care safety net assessment.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Strengthening the ability of assistance programs to meet foundational needs of children, adults, and families.. Description: Strengthening the ability of assistance programs to meet foundational needs of children, adults, and families.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a state medical reserve corps.. Description: Establishing a state medical reserve corps.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing a tax exemption for medical cannabis patients.. Description: Providing a tax exemption for medical cannabis patients.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating child marriage.. Description: Eliminating child marriage.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning a motor carrier’s ability to access restroom facilities required by rules authorized under chapter 49.17 RCW.. Description: Concerning a motor carrier’s ability to access restroom facilities required by rules authorized under chapter 49.17 RCW.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning unemployment insurance benefits for apprenticeship program participants.. Description: Concerning unemployment insurance benefits for apprenticeship program participants.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Passed Legislature: Concerning the department of natural resources trust land management.Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning the department of natural resources land transactions, revenue distributions, and creation and management of a trust land transfer program.Original: Concerning the department of natural resources land transactions, revenue distributions, and creation and management of a trust land transfer program.. Description: Revised for Passed Legislature: Concerning the department of natural resources trust land management.Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning the department of natural resources land transactions, revenue distributions, and creation and management of a trust land transfer program.Original: Concerning the department of natural resources land transactions, revenue distributions, and creation and management of a trust land transfer program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning currently credentialed dental auxiliaries.. Description: Concerning currently credentialed dental auxiliaries.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning impact fee deferrals.. Description: Concerning impact fee deferrals.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning access to reproductive health care services and gender-affirming treatment in Washington state.. Description: Concerning access to reproductive health care services and gender-affirming treatment in Washington state.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning private detention facilities.. Description: Concerning private detention facilities.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying state procurement procedures for competitive, sole source, convenience, and emergency goods and services contracts.. Description: Modifying state procurement procedures for competitive, sole source, convenience, and emergency goods and services contracts.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the covenant homeownership account and program to address the history of housing discrimination due to racially restrictive real estate covenants in Washington state.. Description: Creating the covenant homeownership account and program to address the history of housing discrimination due to racially restrictive real estate covenants in Washington state.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Making changes to the working families' tax credit.. Description: Making changes to the working families' tax credit.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a statement of student rights.. Description: Establishing a statement of student rights.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning restraint or isolation of students in public schools and educational programs.. Description: Concerning restraint or isolation of students in public schools and educational programs.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Permitting general authority peace officers certificated by the criminal justice training commission and employed on a full-time basis by the government of a federally recognized tribe to participate in the law enforcement officers' and firefighters' retirement system plan 2.. Description: Permitting general authority peace officers certificated by the criminal justice training commission and employed on a full-time basis by the government of a federally recognized tribe to participate in the law enforcement officers' and firefighters' retirement system plan 2.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting unjustified employer searches of employee personal vehicles.. Description: Prohibiting unjustified employer searches of employee personal vehicles.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning impaired driving.. Description: Concerning impaired driving.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning aviation assurance funding in response to wildland fires.. Description: Concerning aviation assurance funding in response to wildland fires.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning food assistance funding.. Description: Concerning food assistance funding.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the cap on gross sales for cottage food operations.. Description: Increasing the cap on gross sales for cottage food operations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing additional counseling services for immediate family members of homicide victims.. Description: Authorizing additional counseling services for immediate family members of homicide victims.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Collecting health care professionals' information at the time of license application and license renewal.. Description: Collecting health care professionals' information at the time of license application and license renewal.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Ensuring elementary school students receive sufficient daily recess.. Description: Ensuring elementary school students receive sufficient daily recess.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning fair housing training for officers or board members in common interest communities.. Description: Concerning fair housing training for officers or board members in common interest communities.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving consumer affordability through the health care cost transparency board.. Description: Improving consumer affordability through the health care cost transparency board.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing permanent funding for community preservation and development authorities approved through RCW 43.167.060.. Description: Establishing permanent funding for community preservation and development authorities approved through RCW 43.167.060.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing tools and resources for the location and recovery of missing persons.. Description: Providing tools and resources for the location and recovery of missing persons.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the purchase and distribution of insignia to manufacturers of recreational vehicles and/or park trailers.. Description: Addressing the purchase and distribution of insignia to manufacturers of recreational vehicles and/or park trailers.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning extradition of persons to and from Indian jurisdiction.. Description: Concerning extradition of persons to and from Indian jurisdiction.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning contracting and procurement requirements for behavioral health services in medical assistance programs.. Description: Concerning contracting and procurement requirements for behavioral health services in medical assistance programs.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the duties of industrial insurance self-insured employers and third-party administrators.. Description: Concerning the duties of industrial insurance self-insured employers and third-party administrators.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing sexual misconduct at scholarly or professional associations.. Description: Addressing sexual misconduct at scholarly or professional associations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning eligibility for working connections child care benefits for persons participating in state registered apprenticeships.. Description: Concerning eligibility for working connections child care benefits for persons participating in state registered apprenticeships.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Making technical corrections to the local tax increment financing program.. Description: Making technical corrections to the local tax increment financing program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding eligibility for employment of certain law enforcement and prosecutor office positions.. Description: Expanding eligibility for employment of certain law enforcement and prosecutor office positions.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting the disclosure of certain information of agency employees or their dependents who are survivors of domestic violence, sexual assault, harassment, or stalking.. Description: Exempting the disclosure of certain information of agency employees or their dependents who are survivors of domestic violence, sexual assault, harassment, or stalking.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Strengthening protections for consumers in the construction industry.. Description: Strengthening protections for consumers in the construction industry.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying requirements governing the withholding of high school diplomas.. Description: Clarifying requirements governing the withholding of high school diplomas.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring driver training curriculum to include instruction on sharing the road with large vehicles, including commercial motor vehicles and buses.. Description: Requiring driver training curriculum to include instruction on sharing the road with large vehicles, including commercial motor vehicles and buses.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the nothing about us without us act.. Description: Establishing the nothing about us without us act.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring automated external defibrillators to be available and accessible when work is being performed on high voltage lines and equipment.. Description: Requiring automated external defibrillators to be available and accessible when work is being performed on high voltage lines and equipment.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a wild horse holding and training program at Coyote Ridge corrections center.. Description: Establishing a wild horse holding and training program at Coyote Ridge corrections center.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning shoreline master program review schedules.. Description: Concerning shoreline master program review schedules.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the health care workforce by authorizing out-of-state providers to practice immediately.. Description: Increasing the health care workforce by authorizing out-of-state providers to practice immediately.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Assisting eligible children in need of additional preparation to be successful in kindergarten by establishing the transition to kindergarten program.. Description: Assisting eligible children in need of additional preparation to be successful in kindergarten by establishing the transition to kindergarten program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing lead in cookware.. Description: Reducing lead in cookware.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Directing the state conservation commission to conduct a study of urban agricultural opportunities and barriers in the state.. Description: Directing the state conservation commission to conduct a study of urban agricultural opportunities and barriers in the state.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Reducing public health and environmental impacts from lead.. Description: Reducing public health and environmental impacts from lead.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the student basic needs at public postsecondary institutions act.. Description: Establishing the student basic needs at public postsecondary institutions act.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing the risks of lethality and other harm associated with gun violence, gender-based violence, and other types of violence.. Description: Reducing the risks of lethality and other harm associated with gun violence, gender-based violence, and other types of violence.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning arrest protections for the medical use of cannabis.. Description: Concerning arrest protections for the medical use of cannabis.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the sale of over-the-counter sexual assault kits.. Description: Prohibiting the sale of over-the-counter sexual assault kits.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Supporting and strengthening the professional education workforce.. Description: Supporting and strengthening the professional education workforce.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the credentialing of certified health care professionals providing long-term care services.. Description: Concerning the credentialing of certified health care professionals providing long-term care services.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning social insurance programs applicable to transportation network companies and drivers.. Description: Concerning social insurance programs applicable to transportation network companies and drivers.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning venue for actions for the recovery of taxes.. Description: Concerning venue for actions for the recovery of taxes.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending tax preferences for dairy, fruit and vegetable, and seafood processors.. Description: Extending tax preferences for dairy, fruit and vegetable, and seafood processors.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the sales and use tax for cultural access programs by allowing the tax to be imposed by a councilmanic or commission authority and defining timelines and priorities for action.. Description: Modifying the sales and use tax for cultural access programs by allowing the tax to be imposed by a councilmanic or commission authority and defining timelines and priorities for action.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the dentist and dental hygienist compact.. Description: Concerning the dentist and dental hygienist compact.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning municipal officers' beneficial interest in contracts.. Description: Concerning municipal officers' beneficial interest in contracts.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving community preparedness, response, recovery, and resilience to wildland fire health and safety impacts in areas of increasing population density, including in the wildland urban interface.. Description: Improving community preparedness, response, recovery, and resilience to wildland fire health and safety impacts in areas of increasing population density, including in the wildland urban interface.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a mechanism for independent prosecutions within the office of the attorney general of criminal conduct arising from police use of force.. Description: Establishing a mechanism for independent prosecutions within the office of the attorney general of criminal conduct arising from police use of force.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a system to support children in crisis.. Description: Creating a system to support children in crisis.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Planning for advanced nuclear reactor technology in Washington.. Description: Planning for advanced nuclear reactor technology in Washington.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting Washington's clean energy economy and transitioning to a clean, affordable, and reliable energy future.. Description: Supporting Washington's clean energy economy and transitioning to a clean, affordable, and reliable energy future.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning court files and records exemptions for firearm background checks.. Description: Concerning court files and records exemptions for firearm background checks.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing access to sealed juvenile records for firearm purposes.. Description: Providing access to sealed juvenile records for firearm purposes.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding access to anaphylaxis medications in schools.. Description: Expanding access to anaphylaxis medications in schools.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the statute of limitations for childhood sexual abuse.. Description: Concerning the statute of limitations for childhood sexual abuse.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the number of inhabitants required for incorporation as a city or town.. Description: Concerning the number of inhabitants required for incorporation as a city or town.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning standardizing local government procurement rules among special purpose districts, first-class and second-class cities, and public utility districts.. Description: Concerning standardizing local government procurement rules among special purpose districts, first-class and second-class cities, and public utility districts.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting the needs of students experiencing homelessness.. Description: Supporting the needs of students experiencing homelessness.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Administering educational service district elections.. Description: Administering educational service district elections.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning coverage for colorectal screening tests under medical assistance programs.. Description: Concerning coverage for colorectal screening tests under medical assistance programs.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Limiting liability arising from the use of trained police dogs.. Description: Limiting liability arising from the use of trained police dogs.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning foreclosure protections for homeowners in common interest communities.. Description: Concerning foreclosure protections for homeowners in common interest communities.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting excessive fees or other charges for locating or recovering foreclosure surplus funds and other unclaimed property.. Description: Prohibiting excessive fees or other charges for locating or recovering foreclosure surplus funds and other unclaimed property.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a state trooper expedited recruitment incentive program.. Description: Creating a state trooper expedited recruitment incentive program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Billy Frank Jr. national statuary hall selection committee.. Description: Concerning the Billy Frank Jr. national statuary hall selection committee.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning meetings of county legislative authorities.. Description: Concerning meetings of county legislative authorities.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning child support pass through.. Description: Concerning child support pass through.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning unemployment insurance benefits appeal procedures.. Description: Concerning unemployment insurance benefits appeal procedures.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing justices, judges, and judicial officers of federal courts to solemnize marriages.. Description: Authorizing justices, judges, and judicial officers of federal courts to solemnize marriages.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing public high school students to earn elective credit for paid work experience.. Description: Authorizing public high school students to earn elective credit for paid work experience.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing functionally consolidated port districts to adopt a unified levy.. Description: Allowing functionally consolidated port districts to adopt a unified levy.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing and authorizing the profession of dental therapy.. Description: Establishing and authorizing the profession of dental therapy.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying and extending requirements of a work group convened to address the needs of students in foster care, experiencing homelessness, or both.. Description: Modifying and extending requirements of a work group convened to address the needs of students in foster care, experiencing homelessness, or both.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning problem gambling.. Description: Concerning problem gambling.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington auto theft prevention authority account.. Description: Concerning the Washington auto theft prevention authority account.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning health carriers offering dental only coverage.. Description: Concerning health carriers offering dental only coverage.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying procedures for federally recognized tribes to report standard occupational classifications or job titles of workers under the employment security act.. Description: Clarifying procedures for federally recognized tribes to report standard occupational classifications or job titles of workers under the employment security act.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating student advisory groups.. Description: Creating student advisory groups.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing home care workforce shortages.. Description: Addressing home care workforce shortages.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Defining affordable housing for purposes of using surplus public property for public benefit.. Description: Defining affordable housing for purposes of using surplus public property for public benefit.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning stalking-related offenses.. Description: Concerning stalking-related offenses.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Establishing a cultural landscape feature on the capitol campus to commemorate eastern Washington.Original: Establishing a memorial on the capitol campus to commemorate eastern Washington.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Establishing a cultural landscape feature on the capitol campus to commemorate eastern Washington.Original: Establishing a memorial on the capitol campus to commemorate eastern Washington.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning basic education services to youth who are served through institutional education programs.. Description: Concerning basic education services to youth who are served through institutional education programs.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Enacting the reconciliation act.. Description: Enacting the reconciliation act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the public accountancy act.. Description: Modifying the public accountancy act.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning stormwater control facilities and county jurisdiction.. Description: Concerning stormwater control facilities and county jurisdiction.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning bingo conducted by bona fide charitable or nonprofit organizations.. Description: Concerning bingo conducted by bona fide charitable or nonprofit organizations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing a sales and use tax exemption related to internet and telecommunications infrastructure projects involving a federally recognized Indian tribe.. Description: Providing a sales and use tax exemption related to internet and telecommunications infrastructure projects involving a federally recognized Indian tribe.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting workers displaced due to finfish aquaculture facility closure.. Description: Protecting workers displaced due to finfish aquaculture facility closure.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Allowing school districts to apply for financial literacy education professional development grants.. Description: Allowing school districts to apply for financial literacy education professional development grants.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Enacting comprehensive protections for victims of domestic violence and other violence involving family members or intimate partners.. Description: Enacting comprehensive protections for victims of domestic violence and other violence involving family members or intimate partners.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Supporting innovation at associate development organizations.. Description: Supporting innovation at associate development organizations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the trained behavioral health workforce.. Description: Increasing the trained behavioral health workforce.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the director of fire protection's administration and reimbursement of fire service-related training programs.. Description: Concerning the director of fire protection's administration and reimbursement of fire service-related training programs.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a statewide resiliency program.. Description: Creating a statewide resiliency program.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Creating and expanding tax incentives for the research, development, deployment, production, and sale of hydrogen fuel products in Washington state.Original: Creating and expanding tax incentives for the research, development, production, and sale of hydrogen fuel products in Washington state.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Creating and expanding tax incentives for the research, development, deployment, production, and sale of hydrogen fuel products in Washington state.Original: Creating and expanding tax incentives for the research, development, production, and sale of hydrogen fuel products in Washington state.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing people 18 years of age or older to work in certain 21 year and older establishments.. Description: Allowing people 18 years of age or older to work in certain 21 year and older establishments.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning complimentary liquor by short-term rental operators.. Description: Concerning complimentary liquor by short-term rental operators.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Changing the inflation adjustment index for state salary allocations to schools.. Description: Changing the inflation adjustment index for state salary allocations to schools.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning nontax statutes administered by the department of revenue.. Description: Concerning nontax statutes administered by the department of revenue.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying the responsibilities and accountability for the effective delivery and oversight of public education services to charter school students.. Description: Clarifying the responsibilities and accountability for the effective delivery and oversight of public education services to charter school students.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving diversity in clinical trials.. Description: Improving diversity in clinical trials.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning a state broadband map.. Description: Concerning a state broadband map.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting water safety education.. Description: Promoting water safety education.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the application of the annual consumptive quantity calculation to change applications related to certain water rights held by the United States bureau of reclamation.. Description: Modifying the application of the annual consumptive quantity calculation to change applications related to certain water rights held by the United States bureau of reclamation.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Changing certain notice provisions in the derelict vessel removal program.. Description: Changing certain notice provisions in the derelict vessel removal program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting clean energy through tax changes that increase revenue to local governments, schools, and impacted communities.. Description: Supporting clean energy through tax changes that increase revenue to local governments, schools, and impacted communities.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing a sales and use tax remittance to qualified farmers.. Description: Providing a sales and use tax remittance to qualified farmers.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning permitting for certain hatchery maintenance activities.. Description: Concerning permitting for certain hatchery maintenance activities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting warehouse employees.. Description: Protecting warehouse employees.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring completion of conditional scholarship obligations and reducing penalties for excusable incomplete obligations.. Description: Ensuring completion of conditional scholarship obligations and reducing penalties for excusable incomplete obligations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a method of valuing asphalt and aggregate used in public road construction for purposes of taxation.. Description: Establishing a method of valuing asphalt and aggregate used in public road construction for purposes of taxation.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creation of a hope card program.. Description: Creation of a hope card program.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Exempting certain sales of electricity to qualifying green businesses from the public utilities tax.. Description: Exempting certain sales of electricity to qualifying green businesses from the public utilities tax.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning relocation assistance for tenants of closed or converted manufactured/mobile home parks.. Description: Concerning relocation assistance for tenants of closed or converted manufactured/mobile home parks.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting products that combine alcohol and tetrahydrocannabinol.. Description: Prohibiting products that combine alcohol and tetrahydrocannabinol.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Limiting liability for salmon recovery projects performed by regional fisheries enhancement groups.. Description: Limiting liability for salmon recovery projects performed by regional fisheries enhancement groups.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing the use of performance-based contracting for energy services and equipment.. Description: Authorizing the use of performance-based contracting for energy services and equipment.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing toxic air pollution that threatens human health.. Description: Reducing toxic air pollution that threatens human health.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the operating and maintenance deficit of the Wahkiakum county ferry.. Description: Addressing the operating and maintenance deficit of the Wahkiakum county ferry.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting economic development in distressed areas through hiring of grant writers.. Description: Supporting economic development in distressed areas through hiring of grant writers.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning hunger relief.. Description: Concerning hunger relief.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding revenue generation and economic opportunities from natural climate solutions and ecosystem services.. Description: Expanding revenue generation and economic opportunities from natural climate solutions and ecosystem services.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Studying the need for increased commercial aviation services.. Description: Studying the need for increased commercial aviation services.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying timelines and other initial procedural actions in a water rights adjudication.. Description: Modifying timelines and other initial procedural actions in a water rights adjudication.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Passed Legislature: Concerning real property appraisers.Original: Concerning residential real estate appraisers being allowed to complete real property evaluations.. Description: Revised for Passed Legislature: Concerning real property appraisers.Original: Concerning residential real estate appraisers being allowed to complete real property evaluations.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning criminal penalties and restitution for graffiti.. Description: Concerning criminal penalties and restitution for graffiti.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning eligibility for participation in the public employees' benefits board for retired or disabled employees of counties, municipalities, and other political subdivisions.. Description: Concerning eligibility for participation in the public employees' benefits board for retired or disabled employees of counties, municipalities, and other political subdivisions.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Continuing the business and occupation tax deduction for federal funds received from a medicaid transformation or demonstration project or medicaid quality improvement program or standard.. Description: Continuing the business and occupation tax deduction for federal funds received from a medicaid transformation or demonstration project or medicaid quality improvement program or standard.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the exclusion of compensating tax when land is sold to a governmental entity intending to manage the land similarly to designated forestland or timberland.. Description: Concerning the exclusion of compensating tax when land is sold to a governmental entity intending to manage the land similarly to designated forestland or timberland.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the Washington student loan program.. Description: Modifying the Washington student loan program.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing bona fide charitable or nonprofit organizations to conduct shooting sports and activities sweepstakes.. Description: Authorizing bona fide charitable or nonprofit organizations to conduct shooting sports and activities sweepstakes.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Setting ferry fuel surcharges.. Description: Setting ferry fuel surcharges.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Defining frontier counties.. Description: Defining frontier counties.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Transferring the responsibilities for the transportation revenue forecast for the transportation budget to the economic and revenue forecast council.. Description: Transferring the responsibilities for the transportation revenue forecast for the transportation budget to the economic and revenue forecast council.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing vessel procurement at the Washington state ferries.. Description: Addressing vessel procurement at the Washington state ferries.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing permanent funding for a community preservation and development authority approved through RCW 43.167.060.. Description: Establishing permanent funding for a community preservation and development authority approved through RCW 43.167.060.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the hospital safety net program.. Description: Concerning the hospital safety net program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing the first approach skills training program.. Description: Implementing the first approach skills training program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Making certain corrective changes resulting from the enactment of chapter 182, Laws of 2022 (transportation resources).. Description: Making certain corrective changes resulting from the enactment of chapter 182, Laws of 2022 (transportation resources).
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing tax exemptions for the assistance of disabled veterans and members of the armed forces of the United States of America.. Description: Providing tax exemptions for the assistance of disabled veterans and members of the armed forces of the United States of America.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating the estate tax filing requirement for certain estates involving a qualifying familial residence.. Description: Eliminating the estate tax filing requirement for certain estates involving a qualifying familial residence.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting economic development by increasing opportunities for local communities to secure federal funding.. Description: Promoting economic development by increasing opportunities for local communities to secure federal funding.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning confidential fisheries information collected by other states and maintaining that confidentiality under the public records act.. Description: Concerning confidential fisheries information collected by other states and maintaining that confidentiality under the public records act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving the Washington state behavioral health system for better coordination and recognition with the Indian behavioral health system.. Description: Improving the Washington state behavioral health system for better coordination and recognition with the Indian behavioral health system.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Naming the curriculum used to inform students about tribal history, culture, and government after John McCoy (lulilaš).. Description: Naming the curriculum used to inform students about tribal history, culture, and government after John McCoy (lulilaš).
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning architecture licensing examinations.. Description: Concerning architecture licensing examinations.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing persons to receive professional licenses and certifications regardless of immigration or citizenship status.. Description: Allowing persons to receive professional licenses and certifications regardless of immigration or citizenship status.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning housing authorities.. Description: Concerning housing authorities.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the workforce housing accelerator program.. Description: Concerning the workforce housing accelerator program.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning unemployment insurance benefits for striking or lockout workers.. Description: Concerning unemployment insurance benefits for striking or lockout workers.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the working families' tax credit by clarifying the refundable nature of the credit, the application requirements, and the eligibility verification process.. Description: Modifying the working families' tax credit by clarifying the refundable nature of the credit, the application requirements, and the eligibility verification process.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning unemployment insurance benefit charging.. Description: Concerning unemployment insurance benefit charging.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Facilitating reconstruction of communities damaged or destroyed by wildfires.. Description: Facilitating reconstruction of communities damaged or destroyed by wildfires.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Removing the sunset on changes to the unemployment insurance voluntary contribution program.. Description: Removing the sunset on changes to the unemployment insurance voluntary contribution program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reporting lost or stolen firearms.. Description: Reporting lost or stolen firearms.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Including protected classes in the Washington equal pay and opportunities act.. Description: Including protected classes in the Washington equal pay and opportunities act.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Changing the vessel length requirement in obtaining nonresident vessel permits.. Description: Changing the vessel length requirement in obtaining nonresident vessel permits.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adjusting the membership of the pharmacy quality assurance commission.. Description: Adjusting the membership of the pharmacy quality assurance commission.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning activities in which the office of public defense may engage without violating the prohibition on providing direct representation of clients.. Description: Concerning activities in which the office of public defense may engage without violating the prohibition on providing direct representation of clients.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expiring the international services tax preference.. Description: Expiring the international services tax preference.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Making financial education instruction a graduation prerequisite and a required component of public education.. Description: Making financial education instruction a graduation prerequisite and a required component of public education.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning funding for the early support for infants and toddlers program.. Description: Concerning funding for the early support for infants and toddlers program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the physician assistant compact.. Description: Adopting the physician assistant compact.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the process by which a private moorage facility may sell an abandoned vessel for failure to pay moorage fees.. Description: Modifying the process by which a private moorage facility may sell an abandoned vessel for failure to pay moorage fees.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting the integration of fusion technology within state clean energy policies.. Description: Promoting the integration of fusion technology within state clean energy policies.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing the number of days that a worker's temporary total disability must continue to receive industrial insurance compensation for the day of an injury and the three-day period following the injury.. Description: Reducing the number of days that a worker's temporary total disability must continue to receive industrial insurance compensation for the day of an injury and the three-day period following the injury.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting young adults following inpatient behavioral health treatment.. Description: Supporting young adults following inpatient behavioral health treatment.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Shifting general elections for local governments to even-numbered years to increase voter participation.. Description: Shifting general elections for local governments to even-numbered years to increase voter participation.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the social work licensure compact.. Description: Adopting the social work licensure compact.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for health home services for medicaid-eligible children with medically complex conditions.. Description: Providing for health home services for medicaid-eligible children with medically complex conditions.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying employment standards for long-term care individual providers.. Description: Clarifying employment standards for long-term care individual providers.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the Washington national guard postsecondary education grant program.. Description: Modifying the Washington national guard postsecondary education grant program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Streamlining and enhancing program access for persons eligible for food assistance.. Description: Streamlining and enhancing program access for persons eligible for food assistance.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the Washington health corps behavioral health scholarship program.. Description: Creating the Washington health corps behavioral health scholarship program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the governance of technology services in state government, including eliminating the office of the chief information officer and renaming the consolidated technology services agency.. Description: Concerning the governance of technology services in state government, including eliminating the office of the chief information officer and renaming the consolidated technology services agency.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring that methods for calculating the electric load of utilities under the energy independence act do not have the effect of discouraging voluntary investments in renewable power.. Description: Ensuring that methods for calculating the electric load of utilities under the energy independence act do not have the effect of discouraging voluntary investments in renewable power.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Including in the public safety employees' retirement system specified competency restoration workers at department of social and health services institutional and residential sites that serve civilly committed residents or serve patients under not guilty by reason of insanity findings.. Description: Including in the public safety employees' retirement system specified competency restoration workers at department of social and health services institutional and residential sites that serve civilly committed residents or serve patients under not guilty by reason of insanity findings.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the public service loan forgiveness program.. Description: Concerning the public service loan forgiveness program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Harmonizing language relating to reproductive health care services and gender-affirming treatment.. Description: Harmonizing language relating to reproductive health care services and gender-affirming treatment.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Repealing the greenhouse gas content disclosure provision.. Description: Repealing the greenhouse gas content disclosure provision.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing fentanyl and other substance use prevention education.. Description: Addressing fentanyl and other substance use prevention education.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Preserving coverage of preventive services without cost sharing.. Description: Preserving coverage of preventive services without cost sharing.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning nonconsensual removal of or tampering with a sexually protective device.. Description: Concerning nonconsensual removal of or tampering with a sexually protective device.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning animal cruelty in the first degree.. Description: Concerning animal cruelty in the first degree.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving voter registration list accuracy by improving voter address change processes for county election offices and voters.. Description: Improving voter registration list accuracy by improving voter address change processes for county election offices and voters.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting license plate covers.. Description: Prohibiting license plate covers.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Enhancing prorate and fuel tax collections by improving taxpayer compliance, providing additional enforcement mechanisms, and protecting confidential taxpayer information.. Description: Enhancing prorate and fuel tax collections by improving taxpayer compliance, providing additional enforcement mechanisms, and protecting confidential taxpayer information.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Excluding any person who is convicted of a hit and run resulting in death from being eligible for a first-time offender waiver.. Description: Excluding any person who is convicted of a hit and run resulting in death from being eligible for a first-time offender waiver.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving communication between the department of children, youth, and families and caregivers.. Description: Improving communication between the department of children, youth, and families and caregivers.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the licensure fees that support the Washington physicians health program.. Description: Increasing the licensure fees that support the Washington physicians health program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Disposing of human remains.. Description: Disposing of human remains.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Relieving individuals from paying interest on certain unemployment insurance overpayment assessments.. Description: Relieving individuals from paying interest on certain unemployment insurance overpayment assessments.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Changing the incentive structure for tier 1 and tier 2 buildings.. Description: Changing the incentive structure for tier 1 and tier 2 buildings.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding special purpose and junior taxing districts to the intrastate mutual aid system.. Description: Adding special purpose and junior taxing districts to the intrastate mutual aid system.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing the cost of inhalers and epinephrine autoinjectors.. Description: Reducing the cost of inhalers and epinephrine autoinjectors.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the authority of the community economic revitalization board with respect to loans and grants to political subdivisions and federally recognized Indian tribes for broadband.. Description: Concerning the authority of the community economic revitalization board with respect to loans and grants to political subdivisions and federally recognized Indian tribes for broadband.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the criminal justice treatment account.. Description: Concerning the criminal justice treatment account.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing a benefit increase to certain retirees of the public employees' retirement system plan 1 and the teachers' retirement system plan 1.. Description: Providing a benefit increase to certain retirees of the public employees' retirement system plan 1 and the teachers' retirement system plan 1.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adding purposes for the use of existing firefighter safety funding.. Description: Adding purposes for the use of existing firefighter safety funding.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the use of moneys from the rural public facilities sales and use tax for affordable workforce housing infrastructure and facilities.. Description: Concerning the use of moneys from the rural public facilities sales and use tax for affordable workforce housing infrastructure and facilities.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning a graffiti abatement and reduction pilot program.Original: Creating a graffiti abatement and reduction program.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning a graffiti abatement and reduction pilot program.Original: Creating a graffiti abatement and reduction program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding an additional superior court judge in Whatcom county.. Description: Adding an additional superior court judge in Whatcom county.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the Washington recreational vehicle manufacturer and dealer law.. Description: Establishing the Washington recreational vehicle manufacturer and dealer law.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning gubernatorial appointments for the state parks and recreation commission.. Description: Concerning gubernatorial appointments for the state parks and recreation commission.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning co-living housing.. Description: Concerning co-living housing.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning fabricated intimate or sexually explicit images and depictions.. Description: Concerning fabricated intimate or sexually explicit images and depictions.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Renewing Washington's international leadership.. Description: Renewing Washington's international leadership.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing judicial discretion to modify sentences in the interests of justice.. Description: Providing judicial discretion to modify sentences in the interests of justice.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning an exemption to the leasehold excise tax for leases on public lands.. Description: Concerning an exemption to the leasehold excise tax for leases on public lands.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing early registration at institutions of higher education for military students.. Description: Providing early registration at institutions of higher education for military students.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding time limit exemptions applicable to cash assistance programs.. Description: Expanding time limit exemptions applicable to cash assistance programs.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Facilitating the use of dental records in missing person investigations.. Description: Facilitating the use of dental records in missing person investigations.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning eligibility for a property tax exemption for nonprofits providing affordable rental housing built with city and county funds.. Description: Concerning eligibility for a property tax exemption for nonprofits providing affordable rental housing built with city and county funds.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the definition of veteran and restoring honor to veterans.. Description: Concerning the definition of veteran and restoring honor to veterans.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning incentivizing adult family homes to increase bed capacity to seven or eight beds.. Description: Concerning incentivizing adult family homes to increase bed capacity to seven or eight beds.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a Native American apprentice assistance program.. Description: Establishing a Native American apprentice assistance program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a state administered public infrastructure assistance program within the emergency management division.. Description: Creating a state administered public infrastructure assistance program within the emergency management division.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the disposition of privately owned firearms in the custody of state or local government entities or law enforcement agencies.. Description: Concerning the disposition of privately owned firearms in the custody of state or local government entities or law enforcement agencies.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning construction crane safety.. Description: Concerning construction crane safety.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Improving meaningful access to elections by increasing language assistance.. Description: Improving meaningful access to elections by increasing language assistance.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying placement and salary matching requirements for the state work-study program.. Description: Modifying placement and salary matching requirements for the state work-study program.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing posttraumatic stress disorder as an occupational disease for county coroners, examiners, and investigative personnel.. Description: Recognizing posttraumatic stress disorder as an occupational disease for county coroners, examiners, and investigative personnel.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing the size of yard signs that are exempt from certain political advertising disclosure requirements.. Description: Reducing the size of yard signs that are exempt from certain political advertising disclosure requirements.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring counties and cities to provide the administrative office of the courts with notice of court reorganizations.. Description: Requiring counties and cities to provide the administrative office of the courts with notice of court reorganizations.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning Holocaust and genocide education in public schools.. Description: Concerning Holocaust and genocide education in public schools.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the appeals process for environmental and land use matters.. Description: Modifying the appeals process for environmental and land use matters.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning physician assistant collaborative practice.. Description: Concerning physician assistant collaborative practice.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Standardizing limitations on voter-approved property tax levies.. Description: Standardizing limitations on voter-approved property tax levies.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating an adopt a fish barrier program.. Description: Creating an adopt a fish barrier program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning supervision of domestic violence in criminal sentencing.. Description: Concerning supervision of domestic violence in criminal sentencing.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning information sharing and limited investigative authority of supreme court bailiffs.. Description: Concerning information sharing and limited investigative authority of supreme court bailiffs.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the sale of halal foods.. Description: Concerning the sale of halal foods.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Defining an employee of a health care facility for purposes of mandatory overtime provisions.. Description: Defining an employee of a health care facility for purposes of mandatory overtime provisions.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning exemption of certain personnel of the department of social and health services from civil service.. Description: Concerning exemption of certain personnel of the department of social and health services from civil service.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Recalculating sentencing ranges for currently incarcerated individuals whose offender score was increased by juvenile convictions.. Description: Recalculating sentencing ranges for currently incarcerated individuals whose offender score was increased by juvenile convictions.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the sale of biogenic carbon dioxide and other coproducts of biogas processing.. Description: Concerning the sale of biogenic carbon dioxide and other coproducts of biogas processing.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning residential housing regulations.. Description: Concerning residential housing regulations.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning penalties relating to antitrust actions.. Description: Concerning penalties relating to antitrust actions.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Limiting the application of certain civil penalties to protect landowners from incurring penalties based on the actions of the landowner's lessee.. Description: Limiting the application of certain civil penalties to protect landowners from incurring penalties based on the actions of the landowner's lessee.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning licensing of Indian health care providers as establishments.. Description: Concerning licensing of Indian health care providers as establishments.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Improving school safety by extending and increasing penalties for interference by, or intimidation by threat of, force or violence at schools and athletic activities.. Description: Improving school safety by extending and increasing penalties for interference by, or intimidation by threat of, force or violence at schools and athletic activities.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing an oversight committee to improve construction-related training and pathways to state registered apprenticeships in state correctional facilities.. Description: Establishing an oversight committee to improve construction-related training and pathways to state registered apprenticeships in state correctional facilities.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating processes of the office of independent investigations by changing authority to obtain and share investigative information and aligning with current operations and practices.. Description: Updating processes of the office of independent investigations by changing authority to obtain and share investigative information and aligning with current operations and practices.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending liability protections for responders dispatched from mobile rapid response crisis teams and community-based crisis teams.. Description: Extending liability protections for responders dispatched from mobile rapid response crisis teams and community-based crisis teams.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a fallen firefighter memorial.. Description: Establishing a fallen firefighter memorial.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Assisting workers in recovering wages owed.. Description: Assisting workers in recovering wages owed.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state identification cards for persons in state custody or care.. Description: Concerning state identification cards for persons in state custody or care.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing requirements for the disclosure of health care information for qualifying persons to receive paid family and medical leave benefits.. Description: Establishing requirements for the disclosure of health care information for qualifying persons to receive paid family and medical leave benefits.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reorganizing statutory requirements governing high school graduation.. Description: Reorganizing statutory requirements governing high school graduation.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying requirements for subsidized child care.. Description: Clarifying requirements for subsidized child care.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning opioid and fentanyl prevention education and awareness at institutions of higher education.. Description: Concerning opioid and fentanyl prevention education and awareness at institutions of higher education.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Improving housing stability for tenants subject to the residential landlord-tenant act and the manufactured/mobile home landlord-tenant act by limiting rent and fee increases, requiring notice of rent and fee increases, limiting fees and deposits, establishing a landlord resource center and associated services, authorizing tenant lease termination, creating parity between lease types, and providing for attorney general enforcement.. Description: Improving housing stability for tenants subject to the residential landlord-tenant act and the manufactured/mobile home landlord-tenant act by limiting rent and fee increases, requiring notice of rent and fee increases, limiting fees and deposits, establishing a landlord resource center and associated services, authorizing tenant lease termination, creating parity between lease types, and providing for attorney general enforcement.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning prescription labels for medications used for abortion.. Description: Concerning prescription labels for medications used for abortion.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting the public from gun violence by establishing additional requirements for the business operations of licensed firearms dealers.. Description: Protecting the public from gun violence by establishing additional requirements for the business operations of licensed firearms dealers.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning tax preferences for clean energy manufacturers.. Description: Concerning tax preferences for clean energy manufacturers.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting and expanding access to child care and early learning programs.. Description: Supporting and expanding access to child care and early learning programs.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning workers' compensation incentives to return to work.. Description: Concerning workers' compensation incentives to return to work.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Concerning the modernization of the certificate of need program.Original: Modernizing the certificate of need program.. Description: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Concerning the modernization of the certificate of need program.Original: Modernizing the certificate of need program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting the establishment of thermal energy networks.. Description: Promoting the establishment of thermal energy networks.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Making supplemental transportation appropriations for the 2023-2025 fiscal biennium.. Description: Making supplemental transportation appropriations for the 2023-2025 fiscal biennium.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Including federally recognized tribes as part of the Washington emergency management division emergency worker program.. Description: Including federally recognized tribes as part of the Washington emergency management division emergency worker program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning prevailing wage sanctions, penalties, and debarment.. Description: Concerning prevailing wage sanctions, penalties, and debarment.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning technical changes to allowable exemptions for tourism promotion area assessments.. Description: Concerning technical changes to allowable exemptions for tourism promotion area assessments.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning agriculture pest and disease response.. Description: Concerning agriculture pest and disease response.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reassigning the accreditation of private cannabis testing laboratories from the department of ecology to the department of agriculture.. Description: Reassigning the accreditation of private cannabis testing laboratories from the department of ecology to the department of agriculture.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Deterring the theft of catalytic converters.. Description: Deterring the theft of catalytic converters.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing solar consumer protections.. Description: Providing solar consumer protections.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Promoting community and transit-oriented housing development.. Description: Promoting community and transit-oriented housing development.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing postsecondary education consumer protections.. Description: Providing postsecondary education consumer protections.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the authority of the department of natural resources to determine recreational use fees for activities on agency-managed public lands.. Description: Concerning the authority of the department of natural resources to determine recreational use fees for activities on agency-managed public lands.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing access to portable orders for life-sustaining treatment.. Description: Increasing access to portable orders for life-sustaining treatment.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the special education enrollment funding cap.. Description: Increasing the special education enrollment funding cap.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a data dashboard to track use of regulated substances.. Description: Creating a data dashboard to track use of regulated substances.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adding two voting members that are transit users to the governing body of public transportation benefit areas.. Description: Adding two voting members that are transit users to the governing body of public transportation benefit areas.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Strengthening the early learning facilities grant and loan program by revising criteria and providing resources to the Ruth LeCocq Kagi early learning facilities development account.. Description: Strengthening the early learning facilities grant and loan program by revising criteria and providing resources to the Ruth LeCocq Kagi early learning facilities development account.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating business and occupation and public utility tax exemptions for certain amounts received as the result of receipt, generation, purchase, sale, transfer, or retirement of allowances, offset credits, or price ceiling units under the climate commitment act.. Description: Creating business and occupation and public utility tax exemptions for certain amounts received as the result of receipt, generation, purchase, sale, transfer, or retirement of allowances, offset credits, or price ceiling units under the climate commitment act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a special liquor permit.. Description: Creating a special liquor permit.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing tools designed to reduce the impacts of unlawful solid waste dumping.. Description: Providing tools designed to reduce the impacts of unlawful solid waste dumping.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating lunar new year.. Description: Celebrating lunar new year.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a wild horse holding and training program at a state corrections center.. Description: Establishing a wild horse holding and training program at a state corrections center.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning defects and omissions in the laws that have been identified by the justices of the supreme court or judges of the superior courts pursuant to Article IV, section 25 of the state Constitution.. Description: Concerning defects and omissions in the laws that have been identified by the justices of the supreme court or judges of the superior courts pursuant to Article IV, section 25 of the state Constitution.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Permitting beneficiaries of public assistance programs to automatically qualify as income-eligible for the purpose of receiving the Washington college grant.. Description: Permitting beneficiaries of public assistance programs to automatically qualify as income-eligible for the purpose of receiving the Washington college grant.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing barriers to state employment by eliminating two-year and four-year degree requirements that are unnecessary.. Description: Reducing barriers to state employment by eliminating two-year and four-year degree requirements that are unnecessary.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning authority over individuals found guilty of or accused of criminal offenses that occurred when the individual was under age 18.. Description: Concerning authority over individuals found guilty of or accused of criminal offenses that occurred when the individual was under age 18.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Incorporating a risks, strengths, and needs assessment tool in the risk assessment process when investigating alleged child abuse and neglect referrals.. Description: Incorporating a risks, strengths, and needs assessment tool in the risk assessment process when investigating alleged child abuse and neglect referrals.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning collecting data on the H-2A worker program and from certain hand harvesters.. Description: Concerning collecting data on the H-2A worker program and from certain hand harvesters.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting economic inclusion by creating the economic security for all grant program.. Description: Promoting economic inclusion by creating the economic security for all grant program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding and strengthening career and technical education core plus programs.. Description: Expanding and strengthening career and technical education core plus programs.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Supporting student well-being through instruction in social-emotional skills.. Description: Supporting student well-being through instruction in social-emotional skills.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing co-response services and training as an essential component of the crisis care continuum.. Description: Establishing co-response services and training as an essential component of the crisis care continuum.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning vacation leave accrual for state employees.. Description: Concerning vacation leave accrual for state employees.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing behavioral health provider shortages.. Description: Addressing behavioral health provider shortages.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Allowing small business establishments in residential zones.. Description: Allowing small business establishments in residential zones.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Implementing recommendations of the 2023 child support schedule work group.. Description: Implementing recommendations of the 2023 child support schedule work group.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning inversion and diversion of cannabis.. Description: Concerning inversion and diversion of cannabis.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the children and youth behavioral health work group.. Description: Addressing the children and youth behavioral health work group.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Supporting back country search and rescue organizations and volunteers through the creation of the back country search and rescue grant program.. Description: Supporting back country search and rescue organizations and volunteers through the creation of the back country search and rescue grant program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning hospital at-home services.. Description: Concerning hospital at-home services.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing civil penalties for the unlawful sale or supply of alcohol to minors.. Description: Establishing civil penalties for the unlawful sale or supply of alcohol to minors.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning sanitary conditions for construction workers who menstruate or express milk.. Description: Concerning sanitary conditions for construction workers who menstruate or express milk.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a Washington state department of housing.. Description: Creating a Washington state department of housing.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Promoting access to information regarding the long-term services and supports trust program.. Description: Promoting access to information regarding the long-term services and supports trust program.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Allowing state employees living in an emergency or disaster area to receive shared leave.. Description: Allowing state employees living in an emergency or disaster area to receive shared leave.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating an advisory board to the office of the corrections ombuds.. Description: Creating an advisory board to the office of the corrections ombuds.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Studying the effects of avian predation of salmon.. Description: Studying the effects of avian predation of salmon.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the comprehensive plan revision schedule for select local governments.. Description: Extending the comprehensive plan revision schedule for select local governments.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving the outcomes associated with waste material management systems, including products affecting organic material management systems.. Description: Improving the outcomes associated with waste material management systems, including products affecting organic material management systems.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Extending the pesticide application safety committee.. Description: Extending the pesticide application safety committee.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying conditions of community custody.. Description: Modifying conditions of community custody.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing main street programs to use remaining main street tax credits after a certain date.. Description: Allowing main street programs to use remaining main street tax credits after a certain date.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting first responder wellness and peer support.. Description: Supporting first responder wellness and peer support.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning membership in the public employees' retirement system for certain part-time bus drivers employed full-time by the federal government.. Description: Concerning membership in the public employees' retirement system for certain part-time bus drivers employed full-time by the federal government.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state route number 501.. Description: Concerning state route number 501.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning high THC cannabis products.. Description: Concerning high THC cannabis products.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying middle housing requirements and the definitions of transit stop.. Description: Modifying middle housing requirements and the definitions of transit stop.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Conducting a study of the insurance market for housing providers receiving housing trust fund resources.. Description: Conducting a study of the insurance market for housing providers receiving housing trust fund resources.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing wildfire protection and mitigation.. Description: Addressing wildfire protection and mitigation.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying requirements for public school instructional and supplemental instructional materials.. Description: Modifying requirements for public school instructional and supplemental instructional materials.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state-tribal education compacts.. Description: Concerning state-tribal education compacts.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning adult family home information.. Description: Concerning adult family home information.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning county hospital funding.. Description: Concerning county hospital funding.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Creating an option for impacted taxing districts to provide a portion of their new revenue to support any tax increment area proposed within their jurisdiction and clarifying that a tax increment area must be dissolved when all bond obligations are paid.Original: Creating an option for impacted taxing districts to provide a portion of their new revenue to support any tax increment area proposed within their jurisdiction.. Description: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Creating an option for impacted taxing districts to provide a portion of their new revenue to support any tax increment area proposed within their jurisdiction and clarifying that a tax increment area must be dissolved when all bond obligations are paid.Original: Creating an option for impacted taxing districts to provide a portion of their new revenue to support any tax increment area proposed within their jurisdiction.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a primary certification process for magnetic resonance imaging technologists.. Description: Establishing a primary certification process for magnetic resonance imaging technologists.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning speed safety camera systems.. Description: Concerning speed safety camera systems.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a state patrol longevity bonus.. Description: Establishing a state patrol longevity bonus.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Phasing in the requirement that only standardized health plans may be offered on the health benefit exchange.. Description: Phasing in the requirement that only standardized health plans may be offered on the health benefit exchange.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Assisting refugees and immigrants.. Description: Assisting refugees and immigrants.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying the rules surrounding the removal of political advertising.. Description: Clarifying the rules surrounding the removal of political advertising.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Transferring public property to Washington state federally recognized tribes for facilities to provide alcohol and substance use disorder prevention, treatment, and aftercare programs and services, and for behavioral health and related programs and services.. Description: Transferring public property to Washington state federally recognized tribes for facilities to provide alcohol and substance use disorder prevention, treatment, and aftercare programs and services, and for behavioral health and related programs and services.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Including an accessory dwelling unit under property that qualifies for the senior citizens property tax exemption.. Description: Including an accessory dwelling unit under property that qualifies for the senior citizens property tax exemption.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing eligibility for economy and efficiency flexible school calendar waivers.. Description: Increasing eligibility for economy and efficiency flexible school calendar waivers.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning death benefits applicable to drivers of transportation network companies.. Description: Concerning death benefits applicable to drivers of transportation network companies.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning automated traffic safety cameras.. Description: Concerning automated traffic safety cameras.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing service of notice by mail in cases involving forcible entry and forcible and unlawful detainer.. Description: Addressing service of notice by mail in cases involving forcible entry and forcible and unlawful detainer.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning fentanyl and other synthetic opioids.. Description: Concerning fentanyl and other synthetic opioids.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the responsible management of refrigerant gases with a higher global warming potential than carbon dioxide that are used in appliances or other infrastructure.. Description: Providing for the responsible management of refrigerant gases with a higher global warming potential than carbon dioxide that are used in appliances or other infrastructure.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning methods of communication used by the technology platform designed for the behavioral health crisis response and suicide prevention system.. Description: Concerning methods of communication used by the technology platform designed for the behavioral health crisis response and suicide prevention system.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adjusting school districts' authority to contract indebtedness for school construction.. Description: Adjusting school districts' authority to contract indebtedness for school construction.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding economic assistance for individuals who are eligible for temporary assistance for needy families.. Description: Expanding economic assistance for individuals who are eligible for temporary assistance for needy families.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Changing the legal title for advanced practice nurses.. Description: Changing the legal title for advanced practice nurses.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Advancing equity in programs for highly capable students.. Description: Advancing equity in programs for highly capable students.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating cooperative agreements between the state and federally recognized tribes for the successful collaborative management of Washington's wildlife resources.. Description: Updating cooperative agreements between the state and federally recognized tribes for the successful collaborative management of Washington's wildlife resources.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing cities to voluntarily share certain sales and use tax revenue.. Description: Allowing cities to voluntarily share certain sales and use tax revenue.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning administration of the southwest Washington fair by the Lewis county board of county commissioners.. Description: Concerning administration of the southwest Washington fair by the Lewis county board of county commissioners.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the administration of the board of tax appeals.. Description: Concerning the administration of the board of tax appeals.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a pilot program eliminating college in the high school fees for private not-for-profit four-year institutions.. Description: Establishing a pilot program eliminating college in the high school fees for private not-for-profit four-year institutions.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending an existing hazardous substance tax exemption for certain agricultural crop protection products that are temporarily warehoused but not otherwise used, manufactured, packaged, or sold in the state of Washington.. Description: Extending an existing hazardous substance tax exemption for certain agricultural crop protection products that are temporarily warehoused but not otherwise used, manufactured, packaged, or sold in the state of Washington.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing access to the long-term services and supports trust.. Description: Increasing access to the long-term services and supports trust.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning compliance with siting requirements for transitional housing, permanent supportive housing, indoor emergency shelters, and indoor emergency housing.. Description: Concerning compliance with siting requirements for transitional housing, permanent supportive housing, indoor emergency shelters, and indoor emergency housing.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Waiving health benefit premiums in the public employees' benefits board.. Description: Waiving health benefit premiums in the public employees' benefits board.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reinstating semiconductor tax incentives.. Description: Reinstating semiconductor tax incentives.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating several new special license plates.. Description: Creating several new special license plates.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing state funding for operating costs in schools.. Description: Increasing state funding for operating costs in schools.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Passed Legislature: Recognizing contributions of Chinese Americans and Americans of Chinese descent.Original: Recognizing contributions of Americans of Chinese descent.. Description: Revised for Passed Legislature: Recognizing contributions of Chinese Americans and Americans of Chinese descent.Original: Recognizing contributions of Americans of Chinese descent.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning public facility districts created by at least two city or county legislative authorities.. Description: Concerning public facility districts created by at least two city or county legislative authorities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the number of district court judges in Snohomish county.. Description: Increasing the number of district court judges in Snohomish county.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Making updates to the Washington business corporation act.. Description: Making updates to the Washington business corporation act.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning real property.. Description: Concerning real property.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying waiver of firearm rights.. Description: Clarifying waiver of firearm rights.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Updating the endangerment with a controlled substance statute to include fentanyl or synthetic opioids.Original: Including synthetic opioids in the endangerment with a controlled substance statute.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Updating the endangerment with a controlled substance statute to include fentanyl or synthetic opioids.Original: Including synthetic opioids in the endangerment with a controlled substance statute.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reestablishing the productivity board.. Description: Reestablishing the productivity board.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning classified staff providing student and staff safety.. Description: Concerning classified staff providing student and staff safety.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for Engrossed: Expanding access to drug testing equipment to promote community safety.Original: Exempting fentanyl testing equipment from the definition of drug paraphernalia.. Description: Revised for Engrossed: Expanding access to drug testing equipment to promote community safety.Original: Exempting fentanyl testing equipment from the definition of drug paraphernalia.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning roadside safety measures.. Description: Concerning roadside safety measures.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning implementation of technology systems at the department of corrections.. Description: Concerning implementation of technology systems at the department of corrections.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revising the process for individuals to request name changes.. Description: Revising the process for individuals to request name changes.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning safety net award distributions.. Description: Concerning safety net award distributions.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for Engrossed: Concerning impaired driving.Original: Extending the felony driving under the influence lookback to 15 years while providing additional treatment options through the creation of a drug offender sentencing alternative for driving under the influence.. Description: Revised for Engrossed: Concerning impaired driving.Original: Extending the felony driving under the influence lookback to 15 years while providing additional treatment options through the creation of a drug offender sentencing alternative for driving under the influence.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reclassifying the sentence for the crime of custodial sexual misconduct.. Description: Reclassifying the sentence for the crime of custodial sexual misconduct.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning telemedicine.. Description: Concerning telemedicine.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning compliance with federal motor carrier safety administration requirements for the drug and alcohol clearinghouse.. Description: Concerning compliance with federal motor carrier safety administration requirements for the drug and alcohol clearinghouse.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Incentivizing rental of accessory dwelling units to low-income households.. Description: Incentivizing rental of accessory dwelling units to low-income households.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning postconviction access to counsel.. Description: Concerning postconviction access to counsel.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating college in the high school fees.. Description: Eliminating college in the high school fees.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning informed consent for breast implant surgery.. Description: Concerning informed consent for breast implant surgery.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Promoting and facilitating the use of professional learning communities.. Description: Promoting and facilitating the use of professional learning communities.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a special allegation for habitual property offenders.. Description: Establishing a special allegation for habitual property offenders.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting buildings with 12 or fewer units that are no more than two stories from the definition of multiunit residential building.. Description: Exempting buildings with 12 or fewer units that are no more than two stories from the definition of multiunit residential building.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Encouraging public school instruction in awareness of bone marrow donation.. Description: Encouraging public school instruction in awareness of bone marrow donation.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning health care benefit managers.. Description: Concerning health care benefit managers.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning meetings of county legislative authorities.. Description: Concerning meetings of county legislative authorities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing interstate cannabis agreements.. Description: Allowing interstate cannabis agreements.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning victims of nonfatal strangulation.. Description: Concerning victims of nonfatal strangulation.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the uniform commercial code.. Description: Concerning the uniform commercial code.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting public safety by establishing duties of firearm industry members.. Description: Protecting public safety by establishing duties of firearm industry members.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the date by which tuition operating fees are established.. Description: Concerning the date by which tuition operating fees are established.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding and improving the social equity in cannabis program.. Description: Expanding and improving the social equity in cannabis program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning victim notification.. Description: Concerning victim notification.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Encouraging electoral participation and making ballots more meaningful by abolishing advisory votes.. Description: Encouraging electoral participation and making ballots more meaningful by abolishing advisory votes.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a separate fund for the purposes of self-insured pensions and assessments.. Description: Creating a separate fund for the purposes of self-insured pensions and assessments.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Removing language from the Revised Code of Washington that has been identified by the justices of the supreme court or judges of the superior courts as defects and omissions in the laws pursuant to Article IV, section 25 of the Washington state Constitution.. Description: Removing language from the Revised Code of Washington that has been identified by the justices of the supreme court or judges of the superior courts as defects and omissions in the laws pursuant to Article IV, section 25 of the Washington state Constitution.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding references to contractor registration and licensing laws in workers' compensation, public works, and prevailing wage statutes.. Description: Adding references to contractor registration and licensing laws in workers' compensation, public works, and prevailing wage statutes.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Making changes to factory assembled structures, manufactured or mobile homes, commercial coaches, conversion vending units, medical units, recreational vehicles, and park trailers requirements, including adding board members to the factory assembled structures advisory committee.. Description: Making changes to factory assembled structures, manufactured or mobile homes, commercial coaches, conversion vending units, medical units, recreational vehicles, and park trailers requirements, including adding board members to the factory assembled structures advisory committee.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning payments for accrued and unused sick leave for certain construction workers.. Description: Concerning payments for accrued and unused sick leave for certain construction workers.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adding a climate resilience element to water system plans.. Description: Adding a climate resilience element to water system plans.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning employee ownership.. Description: Concerning employee ownership.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning extraordinary medical placement for incarcerated individuals at the department of corrections.. Description: Concerning extraordinary medical placement for incarcerated individuals at the department of corrections.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning school library information and technology programs.. Description: Concerning school library information and technology programs.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning payment to acute care hospitals for difficult to discharge medicaid patients.. Description: Concerning payment to acute care hospitals for difficult to discharge medicaid patients.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Surveying Puget Sound marine shoreline habitat.. Description: Surveying Puget Sound marine shoreline habitat.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Updating timelines for adopting county commissioner district boundaries following expansion from three to five commissioners.. Description: Updating timelines for adopting county commissioner district boundaries following expansion from three to five commissioners.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adding penalties for certain prohibited practices in chapter 49.44 RCW.. Description: Adding penalties for certain prohibited practices in chapter 49.44 RCW.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating processes related to voter registration.. Description: Updating processes related to voter registration.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning faculty in dental schools.. Description: Concerning faculty in dental schools.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting adults with lived experience of sex trafficking.. Description: Supporting adults with lived experience of sex trafficking.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Establishing crisis relief centers in Washington state.Original: Establishing 23-hour crisis relief centers in Washington state.. Description: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Establishing crisis relief centers in Washington state.Original: Establishing 23-hour crisis relief centers in Washington state.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Establishing the joint select committee on health care and behavioral health oversight.Original: Extending the expiration date of the joint select committee on health care oversight.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Establishing the joint select committee on health care and behavioral health oversight.Original: Extending the expiration date of the joint select committee on health care oversight.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the expiration date of the ambulance transport fund.. Description: Extending the expiration date of the ambulance transport fund.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the employment of individuals who lawfully consume cannabis.. Description: Concerning the employment of individuals who lawfully consume cannabis.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting guardianships and voluntary placement with nonrelative kin.. Description: Supporting guardianships and voluntary placement with nonrelative kin.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing common school trust revenue to small school districts.. Description: Providing common school trust revenue to small school districts.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying school districts' ability to redact personal information related to a student.. Description: Clarifying school districts' ability to redact personal information related to a student.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning jury diversity.. Description: Concerning jury diversity.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning assisted outpatient treatment.. Description: Concerning assisted outpatient treatment.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning money received by the department of corrections on behalf of inmates from family or other outside sources for the purchase of commissary items.. Description: Concerning money received by the department of corrections on behalf of inmates from family or other outside sources for the purchase of commissary items.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning reentry services and supports.. Description: Concerning reentry services and supports.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating an account for the pharmaceutical rebate revenue generated by the purchase of medications for people living with HIV who are enrolled in the early intervention program.. Description: Creating an account for the pharmaceutical rebate revenue generated by the purchase of medications for people living with HIV who are enrolled in the early intervention program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Changing the name of and adding a member to the commission on pesticide registration.Original: Changing the name and membership of the commission on pesticide registration.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Changing the name of and adding a member to the commission on pesticide registration.Original: Changing the name and membership of the commission on pesticide registration.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for responsible environmental management of batteries.. Description: Providing for responsible environmental management of batteries.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying existing law regarding liability protections associated with public recreational use of lands or waters under a hydroelectric license issued by the federal energy regulatory commission.. Description: Clarifying existing law regarding liability protections associated with public recreational use of lands or waters under a hydroelectric license issued by the federal energy regulatory commission.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing behavioral health support specialists.. Description: Establishing behavioral health support specialists.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Engrossed: Concerning the beef commission.Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning the beef commission's levied assessment.Original: Concerning the beef commission's levied assessment.. Description: Revised for Engrossed: Concerning the beef commission.Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning the beef commission's levied assessment.Original: Concerning the beef commission's levied assessment.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Defining synthetic media in campaigns for elective office, and providing relief for candidates and campaigns.. Description: Defining synthetic media in campaigns for elective office, and providing relief for candidates and campaigns.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning uniform disclosure of records related to future voters and making conforming amendments related to participation of future voters in state primaries.. Description: Concerning uniform disclosure of records related to future voters and making conforming amendments related to participation of future voters in state primaries.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the court of appeals.. Description: Concerning the court of appeals.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding the farm internship program.. Description: Expanding the farm internship program.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning organized retail theft.. Description: Concerning organized retail theft.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Removing the sunset provisions on the medicaid fraud false claims act.. Description: Removing the sunset provisions on the medicaid fraud false claims act.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning electric power system transmission planning.. Description: Concerning electric power system transmission planning.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reauthorizing the business and occupation tax deduction for cooperative finance organizations.. Description: Reauthorizing the business and occupation tax deduction for cooperative finance organizations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning funding and expenditures for legislative organizations by legislators who serve as elected leaders of those organizations.. Description: Concerning funding and expenditures for legislative organizations by legislators who serve as elected leaders of those organizations.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing consumer gender discrimination.. Description: Addressing consumer gender discrimination.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning property exempt from execution.. Description: Concerning property exempt from execution.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing adequate and predictable student transportation.. Description: Providing adequate and predictable student transportation.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning written contracts between school boards and principals.. Description: Concerning written contracts between school boards and principals.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning unemployment insurance benefits for officers of employee-owned cooperatives.. Description: Concerning unemployment insurance benefits for officers of employee-owned cooperatives.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning large debris removal from state highways.Original: Concerning large debris removal from interstate highways.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning large debris removal from state highways.Original: Concerning large debris removal from interstate highways.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing access to the provisions of the Washington death with dignity act.. Description: Increasing access to the provisions of the Washington death with dignity act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Passed Legislature: Concerning the licensure and employment of out-of-state teachers.Original: Adopting the interstate teacher mobility compact.. Description: Revised for Passed Legislature: Concerning the licensure and employment of out-of-state teachers.Original: Adopting the interstate teacher mobility compact.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning procedures and deadlines for candidate filing.. Description: Concerning procedures and deadlines for candidate filing.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning licensure of anesthesiologist assistants.. Description: Concerning licensure of anesthesiologist assistants.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring antidiscrimination clauses in public contracting.. Description: Requiring antidiscrimination clauses in public contracting.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Making 2023-2025 fiscal biennium operating appropriations and 2021-2023 fiscal biennium second supplemental operating appropriations.Original: Making 2023-2025 fiscal biennium operating appropriations.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Making 2023-2025 fiscal biennium operating appropriations and 2021-2023 fiscal biennium second supplemental operating appropriations.Original: Making 2023-2025 fiscal biennium operating appropriations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reforming the real estate agency law.. Description: Reforming the real estate agency law.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing administrative law judges to substitute for pollution control hearings board members in deciding derelict vessel appeals.. Description: Authorizing administrative law judges to substitute for pollution control hearings board members in deciding derelict vessel appeals.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing landlord-tenant relations by providing technical changes to eviction notice forms and modifying certain eviction processes.. Description: Addressing landlord-tenant relations by providing technical changes to eviction notice forms and modifying certain eviction processes.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the sale or lease of manufactured/mobile home communities and the property on which they sit.. Description: Concerning the sale or lease of manufactured/mobile home communities and the property on which they sit.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing tax relief for newspaper publishers.. Description: Providing tax relief for newspaper publishers.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the capital budget.. Description: Concerning the capital budget.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning campaign contributions by controlled entities.. Description: Concerning campaign contributions by controlled entities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating the process for online voter registration by allowing voter applicants to provide the last four digits of social security number for authentication.. Description: Updating the process for online voter registration by allowing voter applicants to provide the last four digits of social security number for authentication.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the best interest standard for annuity transactions.. Description: Concerning the best interest standard for annuity transactions.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Engrossed: Concerning health care benefit managers.Revised for 2nd Substitute: Concerning pharmacy benefit managers.Original: Concerning pharmacy benefit managers.. Description: Revised for Engrossed: Concerning health care benefit managers.Revised for 2nd Substitute: Concerning pharmacy benefit managers.Original: Concerning pharmacy benefit managers.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning the state's ability to regulate certain industries and risk classifications to prevent musculoskeletal injuries and disorders.Original: Concerning the state's ability to regulate certain industries and risk classes to prevent musculoskeletal injuries and disorders.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning the state's ability to regulate certain industries and risk classifications to prevent musculoskeletal injuries and disorders.Original: Concerning the state's ability to regulate certain industries and risk classes to prevent musculoskeletal injuries and disorders.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Providing a sales and use tax exemption for mobility enhancing equipment for use by or for a complex needs patient.Original: Providing a sales and use tax exemption for complex rehabilitation technology products.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Providing a sales and use tax exemption for mobility enhancing equipment for use by or for a complex needs patient.Original: Providing a sales and use tax exemption for complex rehabilitation technology products.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing access to the working connections child care program.. Description: Increasing access to the working connections child care program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing occupational therapy services for persons with behavioral health disorders.. Description: Providing occupational therapy services for persons with behavioral health disorders.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Accelerating rural job growth and promoting economic recovery across Washington through site readiness grants.. Description: Accelerating rural job growth and promoting economic recovery across Washington through site readiness grants.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning the issuance of emergency domestic violence no-contact orders.Original: Concerning the issuance of emergency domestic violence no contact orders.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning the issuance of emergency domestic violence no-contact orders.Original: Concerning the issuance of emergency domestic violence no contact orders.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning accessory dwelling units.. Description: Concerning accessory dwelling units.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning hospital staffing standards.. Description: Concerning hospital staffing standards.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding collective bargaining for employees who are enrolled in academic programs at public institutions of higher education.. Description: Expanding collective bargaining for employees who are enrolled in academic programs at public institutions of higher education.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning unemployment insurance benefits appeal procedures.. Description: Concerning unemployment insurance benefits appeal procedures.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning material changes to the operations and governance structure of participants in the health care marketplace.. Description: Concerning material changes to the operations and governance structure of participants in the health care marketplace.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting cost sharing for abortion.. Description: Prohibiting cost sharing for abortion.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning high school and beyond planning.. Description: Concerning high school and beyond planning.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Making modifications necessary to comply with federal regulations regarding dissemination of federal bureau of investigation criminal history record information.. Description: Making modifications necessary to comply with federal regulations regarding dissemination of federal bureau of investigation criminal history record information.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Making permanent and expanding the child welfare housing assistance program.. Description: Making permanent and expanding the child welfare housing assistance program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring elementary school students receive sufficient daily recess.. Description: Ensuring elementary school students receive sufficient daily recess.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the supply and affordability of condominium units and townhouses as an option for homeownership.. Description: Increasing the supply and affordability of condominium units and townhouses as an option for homeownership.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning cemetery authority permit, license, or endorsement deadlines.. Description: Concerning cemetery authority permit, license, or endorsement deadlines.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning access to psilocybin services by individuals 21 years of age and older.. Description: Concerning access to psilocybin services by individuals 21 years of age and older.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Safeguarding the public safety by protecting railroad workers.. Description: Safeguarding the public safety by protecting railroad workers.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning a study on the recycling of wind turbine blades.. Description: Concerning a study on the recycling of wind turbine blades.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing equity and efficiencies in public works procurement including modifying small works roster requirements.. Description: Addressing equity and efficiencies in public works procurement including modifying small works roster requirements.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning Washington state manufacturing.. Description: Concerning Washington state manufacturing.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting patients in facilities regulated by the department of health by establishing uniform enforcement tools.. Description: Protecting patients in facilities regulated by the department of health by establishing uniform enforcement tools.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning speed safety camera systems on state highways.. Description: Concerning speed safety camera systems on state highways.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding eligibility in certain public employment positions for lawful permanent residents.. Description: Expanding eligibility in certain public employment positions for lawful permanent residents.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding access to benefits provided by the school employees' benefits board.. Description: Expanding access to benefits provided by the school employees' benefits board.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Extending tax preferences for dairy, fruit and vegetable, and seafood processors.. Description: Extending tax preferences for dairy, fruit and vegetable, and seafood processors.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing audit recommendations to reduce barriers to home care aide certification.. Description: Implementing audit recommendations to reduce barriers to home care aide certification.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the duty of clergy to report child abuse or neglect.. Description: Concerning the duty of clergy to report child abuse or neglect.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing vehicle dealers to file a report of sale.. Description: Authorizing vehicle dealers to file a report of sale.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing the state board of registration for professional engineers and land surveyors to waive the fundamentals examination for professional engineer or professional land surveyor comity applicants.. Description: Authorizing the state board of registration for professional engineers and land surveyors to waive the fundamentals examination for professional engineer or professional land surveyor comity applicants.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning campaign finance disclosure.. Description: Concerning campaign finance disclosure.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the premium provisions of the paid family and medical leave program.. Description: Modifying the premium provisions of the paid family and medical leave program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning consolidating local permit review processes.. Description: Concerning consolidating local permit review processes.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning liquor licenses.. Description: Concerning liquor licenses.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing the access of certain aquatic lands by a public transportation benefit area.. Description: Addressing the access of certain aquatic lands by a public transportation benefit area.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning accounts.Original: Improving the fiscal process by updating accounts administered by the office of financial management, creating new accounts including one for the opioid litigation settlement and one for the receipt of federal funds, and reenacting accounts created in the supplemental budget bill.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning accounts.Original: Improving the fiscal process by updating accounts administered by the office of financial management, creating new accounts including one for the opioid litigation settlement and one for the receipt of federal funds, and reenacting accounts created in the supplemental budget bill.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning actuarial funding of state retirement systems.. Description: Concerning actuarial funding of state retirement systems.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating accounts.. Description: Eliminating accounts.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning interruptive military service credit for members of the state retirement systems.. Description: Concerning interruptive military service credit for members of the state retirement systems.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning law enforcement officer protection.. Description: Concerning law enforcement officer protection.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning continuity of coverage for prescription drugs prescribed for the treatment of behavioral health conditions.. Description: Concerning continuity of coverage for prescription drugs prescribed for the treatment of behavioral health conditions.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning housing programs administered by the department of commerce.. Description: Concerning housing programs administered by the department of commerce.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Creating the public works revolving trust account.Original: Creating the public works assistance revolving account.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Creating the public works revolving trust account.Original: Creating the public works assistance revolving account.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Testing individuals who provide language access to state services.. Description: Testing individuals who provide language access to state services.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing the department of fish and wildlife to establish disease interdiction and control check stations.. Description: Authorizing the department of fish and wildlife to establish disease interdiction and control check stations.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Eliminating the state public utility tax deduction for the instate portion of interstate transport of petroleum products and crude oil.. Description: Eliminating the state public utility tax deduction for the instate portion of interstate transport of petroleum products and crude oil.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning special education funding formula.. Description: Concerning special education funding formula.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning nonpublic agencies operating special education programs for students with disabilities.. Description: Concerning nonpublic agencies operating special education programs for students with disabilities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning background check and licensing fees for programs administered by the department of children, youth, and families.. Description: Concerning background check and licensing fees for programs administered by the department of children, youth, and families.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the removal of vehicles by a regional transit authority when obstructing the operation of high capacity transportation vehicles or jeopardizing public safety.. Description: Concerning the removal of vehicles by a regional transit authority when obstructing the operation of high capacity transportation vehicles or jeopardizing public safety.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Limiting estate recovery.. Description: Limiting estate recovery.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning pet insurance.. Description: Concerning pet insurance.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning journey level electrician certifications of competency.. Description: Concerning journey level electrician certifications of competency.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the department of veterans affairs.. Description: Concerning the department of veterans affairs.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the defense community compatibility account.. Description: Concerning the defense community compatibility account.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning verification of motor vehicle insurance.. Description: Concerning verification of motor vehicle insurance.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington pesticide application act.. Description: Concerning the Washington pesticide application act.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning job search requirements for unemployment insurance benefits.. Description: Concerning job search requirements for unemployment insurance benefits.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating the state sport special license plate.. Description: Creating the state sport special license plate.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing a local government option for the funding of essential affordable housing programs.. Description: Providing a local government option for the funding of essential affordable housing programs.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Engrossed: Concerning the main street trust fund tax credit.Original: Concerning population criteria for the main street trust fund tax credit.. Description: Revised for Engrossed: Concerning the main street trust fund tax credit.Original: Concerning population criteria for the main street trust fund tax credit.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reviewing the state's essential health benefits.. Description: Reviewing the state's essential health benefits.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Regarding limits on the sale and possession of retail cannabis products.. Description: Regarding limits on the sale and possession of retail cannabis products.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Engrossed: Creating a location-based promotion program for Washington food and agricultural products.Original: Creating a location-based branding and promotion program for Washington food and agricultural products.. Description: Revised for Engrossed: Creating a location-based promotion program for Washington food and agricultural products.Original: Creating a location-based branding and promotion program for Washington food and agricultural products.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning transit agencies' ability to enter into interlocal agreements for procurement.. Description: Concerning transit agencies' ability to enter into interlocal agreements for procurement.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for Engrossed: Establishing a school modernization loan program.Original: Establishing a public school revolving fund.. Description: Revised for Engrossed: Establishing a school modernization loan program.Original: Establishing a public school revolving fund.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning access to abstract driving records.. Description: Concerning access to abstract driving records.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing a benefit increase to certain retirees of the public employees' retirement system plan 1 and the teachers' retirement system plan 1.. Description: Providing a benefit increase to certain retirees of the public employees' retirement system plan 1 and the teachers' retirement system plan 1.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning vehicular pursuits.. Description: Concerning vehicular pursuits.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the voluntary stewardship program.. Description: Concerning the voluntary stewardship program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Mandating instruction on sex trafficking prevention and identification for students in grades seven through 12.. Description: Mandating instruction on sex trafficking prevention and identification for students in grades seven through 12.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding veterans' services and programs.. Description: Expanding veterans' services and programs.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning cannabis retailer advertising.. Description: Concerning cannabis retailer advertising.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Preventing use of vapor and tobacco products by minors.. Description: Preventing use of vapor and tobacco products by minors.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the regulation of products containing THC.. Description: Concerning the regulation of products containing THC.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the practice of optometry.. Description: Concerning the practice of optometry.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding access to the workers' compensation stay-at-work program through off-site light duty return to work opportunities.. Description: Expanding access to the workers' compensation stay-at-work program through off-site light duty return to work opportunities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reassessing standards for polychlorinated biphenyls in consumer products.. Description: Reassessing standards for polychlorinated biphenyls in consumer products.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning adult protective services.. Description: Concerning adult protective services.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting southern resident orcas from vessels.. Description: Protecting southern resident orcas from vessels.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the adoption of county critical area ordinances by cities.. Description: Concerning the adoption of county critical area ordinances by cities.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing the sale of cannabis waste.. Description: Allowing the sale of cannabis waste.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning letters of recommendation or congratulations sent by legislators.. Description: Concerning letters of recommendation or congratulations sent by legislators.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning work performed by institutions of higher education.. Description: Concerning work performed by institutions of higher education.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing administrative complexity by increasing transparency of revenue flows for activities funded by document recording fees.. Description: Reducing administrative complexity by increasing transparency of revenue flows for activities funded by document recording fees.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning improving diversity in clinical trials.. Description: Concerning improving diversity in clinical trials.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a programmatic safe harbor agreement on forestlands.. Description: Establishing a programmatic safe harbor agreement on forestlands.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning overpayments for certain matters.. Description: Concerning overpayments for certain matters.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning malpractice insurance for international medical graduate supervisors.. Description: Concerning malpractice insurance for international medical graduate supervisors.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning cost sharing for diagnostic and supplemental breast examinations.. Description: Concerning cost sharing for diagnostic and supplemental breast examinations.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning domestic violence funding allocation.. Description: Concerning domestic violence funding allocation.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning future listing right purchase contracts.Original: Providing for future listing right purchase contracts.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning future listing right purchase contracts.Original: Providing for future listing right purchase contracts.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing school district depreciation subfunds for the purposes of preventative maintenance.. Description: Establishing school district depreciation subfunds for the purposes of preventative maintenance.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the liquor and cannabis board's subpoena authority.. Description: Modifying the liquor and cannabis board's subpoena authority.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing local governments' land use permitting workloads.. Description: Reducing local governments' land use permitting workloads.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning public defense services for persons committed as not guilty by reason of insanity.. Description: Concerning public defense services for persons committed as not guilty by reason of insanity.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Removing a Washington state institute of public policy outcome evaluation requirement.. Description: Removing a Washington state institute of public policy outcome evaluation requirement.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting benefit enrollment information collected and maintained by the health care authority from public inspection and copying under the public records act.. Description: Exempting benefit enrollment information collected and maintained by the health care authority from public inspection and copying under the public records act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning flexible work for general and limited authority Washington peace officers.. Description: Concerning flexible work for general and limited authority Washington peace officers.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning fire protection sprinkler system contractors.. Description: Concerning fire protection sprinkler system contractors.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Supporting people who have been targeted or affected by hate crimes and bias incidents by establishing a reporting hotline and tracking hate crimes and bias incidents.Original: Concerning people who have been targeted or affected by hate crimes and bias incidents.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Supporting people who have been targeted or affected by hate crimes and bias incidents by establishing a reporting hotline and tracking hate crimes and bias incidents.Original: Concerning people who have been targeted or affected by hate crimes and bias incidents.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the removal of derelict aquatic structures and restoration of aquatic lands.. Description: Concerning the removal of derelict aquatic structures and restoration of aquatic lands.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning transfers of firearms to museums and historical societies.. Description: Concerning transfers of firearms to museums and historical societies.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning vacancies of the governing body of special purpose districts.. Description: Concerning vacancies of the governing body of special purpose districts.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Facilitating supportive relationships with family and significant individuals within the behavioral health system.. Description: Facilitating supportive relationships with family and significant individuals within the behavioral health system.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning livestock identification.. Description: Concerning livestock identification.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing timely competency evaluations and restoration services to persons suffering from behavioral health disorders.. Description: Providing timely competency evaluations and restoration services to persons suffering from behavioral health disorders.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Restricting the possession of weapons, excluding carrying a pistol by a person licensed to carry a concealed pistol, on the premises of libraries, zoos, aquariums, and transit facilities.Original: Concerning firearm sensitive places.. Description: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Restricting the possession of weapons, excluding carrying a pistol by a person licensed to carry a concealed pistol, on the premises of libraries, zoos, aquariums, and transit facilities.Original: Concerning firearm sensitive places.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting the alternative jet fuel industry in Washington.. Description: Promoting the alternative jet fuel industry in Washington.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning liquor licensee privileges for the delivery of alcohol.. Description: Concerning liquor licensee privileges for the delivery of alcohol.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing impact fee revenue to fund improvements to bicycle and pedestrian facilities.. Description: Authorizing impact fee revenue to fund improvements to bicycle and pedestrian facilities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning female genital mutilation.. Description: Concerning female genital mutilation.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning industrial insurance coverage for posttraumatic stress disorders affecting registered nurses.. Description: Concerning industrial insurance coverage for posttraumatic stress disorders affecting registered nurses.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing growth management task force legislative recommendations regarding small cities.. Description: Implementing growth management task force legislative recommendations regarding small cities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning requests for records containing election information.. Description: Concerning requests for records containing election information.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning collection of assessments for irrigation and rehabilitation districts.. Description: Concerning collection of assessments for irrigation and rehabilitation districts.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting inclusive learning standards and instructional materials in public schools.. Description: Promoting inclusive learning standards and instructional materials in public schools.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Promoting transit-oriented development.. Description: Promoting transit-oriented development.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Implementing the recommendations of the Washington state missing and murdered indigenous women and people task force.. Description: Implementing the recommendations of the Washington state missing and murdered indigenous women and people task force.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning the uniform law commission's uniform telehealth act.Original: Concerning the uniform telemedicine act.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning the uniform law commission's uniform telehealth act.Original: Concerning the uniform telemedicine act.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning parking at rest areas.. Description: Concerning parking at rest areas.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning health care coverage for retired or disabled employees denied coverage for failure to timely notify the authority of their intent to defer coverage.. Description: Concerning health care coverage for retired or disabled employees denied coverage for failure to timely notify the authority of their intent to defer coverage.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Passed Legislature: Concerning a technical advisory group to study single stairway residential buildings.Revised for 1st Substitute: Allowing for residential buildings of a certain height to be served by a single exit under certain conditions.Original: Allowing for residential buildings of a certain height to be served by a single exit under certain conditions.. Description: Revised for Passed Legislature: Concerning a technical advisory group to study single stairway residential buildings.Revised for 1st Substitute: Allowing for residential buildings of a certain height to be served by a single exit under certain conditions.Original: Allowing for residential buildings of a certain height to be served by a single exit under certain conditions.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning medicaid expenditures.. Description: Concerning medicaid expenditures.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the multistate nurse licensure compact.. Description: Concerning the multistate nurse licensure compact.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring access to substance use disorder treatment.. Description: Ensuring access to substance use disorder treatment.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing open motor vehicle safety recalls.. Description: Addressing open motor vehicle safety recalls.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting local agriculture through greenhouses.. Description: Promoting local agriculture through greenhouses.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding financial transparency reporting requirements to the public four-year dashboard.. Description: Adding financial transparency reporting requirements to the public four-year dashboard.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Engrossed: Protecting children from child abuse and neglect at residential facilities and residential private schools.Revised for 1st Substitute: Protecting children from child abuse and neglect.Original: Protecting children from child abuse and neglect.. Description: Revised for Engrossed: Protecting children from child abuse and neglect at residential facilities and residential private schools.Revised for 1st Substitute: Protecting children from child abuse and neglect.Original: Protecting children from child abuse and neglect.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Concerning cybersecurity.Original: Concerning the protection of critical constituent and state operational data against the financial and personal harm caused by ransomware and other malicious cyber activities.. Description: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Concerning cybersecurity.Original: Concerning the protection of critical constituent and state operational data against the financial and personal harm caused by ransomware and other malicious cyber activities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the forensic pathologist shortage.. Description: Addressing the forensic pathologist shortage.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning retainage requirements for private construction projects.Original: Concerning the retainage percentage withheld by prime contractors.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning retainage requirements for private construction projects.Original: Concerning the retainage percentage withheld by prime contractors.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning special use permits for milk product haulers.. Description: Concerning special use permits for milk product haulers.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing enhanced payment to low volume, small rural hospitals.. Description: Providing enhanced payment to low volume, small rural hospitals.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning workforce education investment accountability and oversight board staffing changes.. Description: Concerning workforce education investment accountability and oversight board staffing changes.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning controlled substances, counterfeit substances, and legend drug possession and treatment.. Description: Concerning controlled substances, counterfeit substances, and legend drug possession and treatment.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning postretirement employment in nursing positions for a state agency.. Description: Concerning postretirement employment in nursing positions for a state agency.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Preventing the destruction of electric vehicle supply equipment.Original: Preventing the destruction of electric vehicle charging equipment.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Preventing the destruction of electric vehicle supply equipment.Original: Preventing the destruction of electric vehicle charging equipment.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a Washington state cannabis commission.. Description: Establishing a Washington state cannabis commission.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning nursing pool transparency.. Description: Concerning nursing pool transparency.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing workforce development issues, including cultural issues, at the Washington state ferries.. Description: Addressing workforce development issues, including cultural issues, at the Washington state ferries.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing standards for temporary emergency shelters for local adoption.. Description: Authorizing standards for temporary emergency shelters for local adoption.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the profession of certified peer specialists.. Description: Creating the profession of certified peer specialists.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the expiration date of the law enforcement community engagement grant project.. Description: Extending the expiration date of the law enforcement community engagement grant project.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying tax and revenue laws by making technical corrections, clarifying ambiguities, easing compliance burdens for taxpayers, and providing administrative efficiencies.. Description: Modifying tax and revenue laws by making technical corrections, clarifying ambiguities, easing compliance burdens for taxpayers, and providing administrative efficiencies.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Creating exemptions from certificate of need requirements for kidney disease centers.Original: Creating temporary exemptions from certificate of need requirements for kidney disease centers.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Creating exemptions from certificate of need requirements for kidney disease centers.Original: Creating temporary exemptions from certificate of need requirements for kidney disease centers.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning sexual assault procedures.. Description: Concerning sexual assault procedures.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving maternal health outcomes.. Description: Improving maternal health outcomes.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Developing strategies to reduce or eliminate deductibles for maternal support services and postpartum care.. Description: Developing strategies to reduce or eliminate deductibles for maternal support services and postpartum care.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing barriers and expanding educational opportunities to increase the supply of nurses in Washington.. Description: Reducing barriers and expanding educational opportunities to increase the supply of nurses in Washington.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving young driver safety.. Description: Improving young driver safety.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning employees' paid family or medical leave data.. Description: Concerning employees' paid family or medical leave data.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the mental health sentencing alternative.. Description: Concerning the mental health sentencing alternative.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning probate.. Description: Concerning probate.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating Mount St. Helens special license plates.. Description: Creating Mount St. Helens special license plates.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing dependent youth with financial education and support.. Description: Providing dependent youth with financial education and support.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring semiautomatic external defibrillator at fitness centers.. Description: Requiring semiautomatic external defibrillator at fitness centers.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving equity in the transfer of student data between K-12 schools and institutions of higher education.. Description: Improving equity in the transfer of student data between K-12 schools and institutions of higher education.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adopting the evergreen state as the state nickname.. Description: Adopting the evergreen state as the state nickname.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting youth and young adults seeking protected health care services.. Description: Supporting youth and young adults seeking protected health care services.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Extending the expiration date for the state universal communications services program.Original: Removing the expiration date for the state universal communications services program.. Description: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Extending the expiration date for the state universal communications services program.Original: Removing the expiration date for the state universal communications services program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning county sales and use taxes for mental health and housing.. Description: Concerning county sales and use taxes for mental health and housing.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Deterring illegal racing.. Description: Deterring illegal racing.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning adult entertainment establishments.. Description: Concerning adult entertainment establishments.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning career and technical education course equivalencies.Original: Facilitating course equivalency agreements between skill centers and school districts.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning career and technical education course equivalencies.Original: Facilitating course equivalency agreements between skill centers and school districts.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Protecting workers displaced due to finfish aquaculture facility closure.. Description: Protecting workers displaced due to finfish aquaculture facility closure.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying an element of the offense of hate crime and classifying a hate crime as crimes against persons.. Description: Modifying an element of the offense of hate crime and classifying a hate crime as crimes against persons.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding and enhancing media literacy and digital citizenship in K-12 education.. Description: Expanding and enhancing media literacy and digital citizenship in K-12 education.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning salaries for county commissioners and councilmembers.. Description: Concerning salaries for county commissioners and councilmembers.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning hepatitis B and hepatitis C screening and health care services.. Description: Concerning hepatitis B and hepatitis C screening and health care services.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requiring state agencies to clearly identify programs and services which accept applicants with deferred action for childhood arrival status.. Description: Requiring state agencies to clearly identify programs and services which accept applicants with deferred action for childhood arrival status.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting the health care of workers participating in a labor dispute.. Description: Protecting the health care of workers participating in a labor dispute.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning problem gambling.. Description: Concerning problem gambling.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning victims' rights.. Description: Concerning victims' rights.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing an independent living residents' rights work group.. Description: Establishing an independent living residents' rights work group.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing temporary employees necessary information about school safety policies and procedures.. Description: Providing temporary employees necessary information about school safety policies and procedures.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Including state-tribal education compact schools and charter schools as entities able to receive waivers from the state board of education.. Description: Including state-tribal education compact schools and charter schools as entities able to receive waivers from the state board of education.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Passed Legislature: Concerning improvements to residential structures to reduce the risk of flood damage.Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning floodproofing improvements to residential structures undertaken in accordance with the Chehalis basin strategy.Original: Concerning floodproofing improvements to residential structures undertaken in accordance with the Chehalis basin strategy.. Description: Revised for Passed Legislature: Concerning improvements to residential structures to reduce the risk of flood damage.Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning floodproofing improvements to residential structures undertaken in accordance with the Chehalis basin strategy.Original: Concerning floodproofing improvements to residential structures undertaken in accordance with the Chehalis basin strategy.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning salary inflationary increases for K-12 employees.. Description: Concerning salary inflationary increases for K-12 employees.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Providing compensation for tow truck operators for keeping the public roadways clear.Original: Addressing compensation for tow truck operators for keeping the public roadways clear.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Providing compensation for tow truck operators for keeping the public roadways clear.Original: Addressing compensation for tow truck operators for keeping the public roadways clear.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning city and town permitting of kit homes.. Description: Concerning city and town permitting of kit homes.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Establishing a mental health advance directive effective implementation work group.Original: Establishing a mental health advance directive effective implementation work group; creating a new section; and providing an expiration date.. Description: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Establishing a mental health advance directive effective implementation work group.Original: Establishing a mental health advance directive effective implementation work group; creating a new section; and providing an expiration date.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning eligibility, enrollment, and compensation of small forestland owners volunteering for participation in the forestry riparian easement program.. Description: Concerning eligibility, enrollment, and compensation of small forestland owners volunteering for participation in the forestry riparian easement program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Engrossed: Providing summer running start for rising juniors.Revised for 2nd Substitute: Permitting 10th grade students to participate in running start in online settings.Original: Permitting 10th grade students to participate in running start in online settings.. Description: Revised for Engrossed: Providing summer running start for rising juniors.Revised for 2nd Substitute: Permitting 10th grade students to participate in running start in online settings.Original: Permitting 10th grade students to participate in running start in online settings.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington auto theft prevention authority account.. Description: Concerning the Washington auto theft prevention authority account.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning child-specific foster care licenses for placement of Indian children.. Description: Concerning child-specific foster care licenses for placement of Indian children.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Creating and supporting postsecondary wrestling grant programs.Original: Creating postsecondary wrestling grant programs.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Creating and supporting postsecondary wrestling grant programs.Original: Creating postsecondary wrestling grant programs.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning conditional release transition teams.. Description: Concerning conditional release transition teams.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning resource and assessment centers.. Description: Concerning resource and assessment centers.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning eligibility for participation in the public employees' benefits board for retired or disabled employees of counties, municipalities, and other political subdivisions.. Description: Concerning eligibility for participation in the public employees' benefits board for retired or disabled employees of counties, municipalities, and other political subdivisions.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Modernizing state health care authority related laws.. Description: Modernizing state health care authority related laws.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding the students experiencing homelessness and foster youth pilot program.. Description: Expanding the students experiencing homelessness and foster youth pilot program.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the administration of the legislative committee on economic development and international relations.. Description: Concerning the administration of the legislative committee on economic development and international relations.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning irrigation district elections.. Description: Concerning irrigation district elections.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Extending the terms of eligibility for the Washington college grant program.. Description: Extending the terms of eligibility for the Washington college grant program.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning payments made for property taxes or special assessments by an automated check processing service.. Description: Concerning payments made for property taxes or special assessments by an automated check processing service.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning certain surveys performed on in-home services agencies.Original: Removing the department of health's authorization to perform certain validation surveys.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning certain surveys performed on in-home services agencies.Original: Removing the department of health's authorization to perform certain validation surveys.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning risk mitigation in property insurance.. Description: Concerning risk mitigation in property insurance.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning photographs, microphotographs, and electronic images from traffic safety cameras and toll systems.. Description: Concerning photographs, microphotographs, and electronic images from traffic safety cameras and toll systems.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying the application of the industrial welfare act and minimum wage act to airline cabin crews.. Description: Clarifying the application of the industrial welfare act and minimum wage act to airline cabin crews.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning the prevailing wages on public works.Original: Concerning the prevailing wages and sick leave benefits for construction workers.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning the prevailing wages on public works.Original: Concerning the prevailing wages and sick leave benefits for construction workers.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Removing the expiration date on the cost-sharing cap for insulin.Original: Extending the expiration date on the cost-sharing cap for insulin.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Removing the expiration date on the cost-sharing cap for insulin.Original: Extending the expiration date on the cost-sharing cap for insulin.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Protecting senior citizens' and disabled veterans' property tax exemption eligibility.. Description: Protecting senior citizens' and disabled veterans' property tax exemption eligibility.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Codifying certain existing grant programs at the department of transportation.. Description: Codifying certain existing grant programs at the department of transportation.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Making certain nonsubstantive, corrective changes resulting from enactment of chapter 182, Laws of 2022 (transportation resources).. Description: Making certain nonsubstantive, corrective changes resulting from enactment of chapter 182, Laws of 2022 (transportation resources).
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning a roadway construction cooperative agreement between the department of transportation and the Lummi Nation.Original: Concerning a cooperative agreement between the department of transportation and the Lummi Tribe of the Lummi Reservation, Washington concerning construction of a highway.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning a roadway construction cooperative agreement between the department of transportation and the Lummi Nation.Original: Concerning a cooperative agreement between the department of transportation and the Lummi Tribe of the Lummi Reservation, Washington concerning construction of a highway.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing existing bond authority for 2015 connecting Washington projects and improvements.. Description: Increasing existing bond authority for 2015 connecting Washington projects and improvements.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing tolling authorization for the Interstate 5 bridge replacement project.. Description: Addressing tolling authorization for the Interstate 5 bridge replacement project.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting access to abortion medications by authorizing the department of corrections to acquire, sell, deliver, distribute, and dispense abortion medications.. Description: Protecting access to abortion medications by authorizing the department of corrections to acquire, sell, deliver, distribute, and dispense abortion medications.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the capacity to conduct timely fingerprint-based background checks for prospective child care employees and other programs.. Description: Increasing the capacity to conduct timely fingerprint-based background checks for prospective child care employees and other programs.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting the rights of workers to refrain from attending meetings or listening to their employer's speech on political or religious matters.. Description: Protecting the rights of workers to refrain from attending meetings or listening to their employer's speech on political or religious matters.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Encouraging participation in public defense and prosecution professions.Original: Expanding training opportunities for public defense.. Description: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Encouraging participation in public defense and prosecution professions.Original: Expanding training opportunities for public defense.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning deer and elk damage to commercial crops.. Description: Concerning deer and elk damage to commercial crops.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning department of fish and wildlife authority with regard to certain nonprofit and volunteer organizations.. Description: Concerning department of fish and wildlife authority with regard to certain nonprofit and volunteer organizations.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Making updates to the Washington business corporation act.. Description: Making updates to the Washington business corporation act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Enacting the uniform electronic estate planning documents act.. Description: Enacting the uniform electronic estate planning documents act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning service animal training.. Description: Concerning service animal training.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the sales and use tax for school construction assistance program capital projects.. Description: Concerning the sales and use tax for school construction assistance program capital projects.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Engrossed: Concerning medical equipment in schools.Original: Concerning bleeding control equipment in schools.. Description: Revised for Engrossed: Concerning medical equipment in schools.Original: Concerning bleeding control equipment in schools.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the definition of multiunit residential buildings.. Description: Concerning the definition of multiunit residential buildings.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning paid sick leave.. Description: Concerning paid sick leave.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning architecture licensing examinations.. Description: Concerning architecture licensing examinations.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning common interest communities.. Description: Concerning common interest communities.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending certain insurance notice requirements.. Description: Extending certain insurance notice requirements.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the sale of halal foods.. Description: Concerning the sale of halal foods.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving access to department of licensing issued documents by clarifying the application requirements for a minor, modifying the requirements for at-cost identicards, and studying the feasibility of reduced-fee identicards.. Description: Improving access to department of licensing issued documents by clarifying the application requirements for a minor, modifying the requirements for at-cost identicards, and studying the feasibility of reduced-fee identicards.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning special deposits.. Description: Concerning special deposits.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing flexibility in calculation of nursing rates.. Description: Providing flexibility in calculation of nursing rates.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the recruitment and retention of Washington national guard members.. Description: Concerning the recruitment and retention of Washington national guard members.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning opioid overdose reversal medication in public schools.Original: Concerning opioid overdose reversal medication in high schools.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning opioid overdose reversal medication in public schools.Original: Concerning opioid overdose reversal medication in high schools.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Developing a schedule for court appointment of attorneys for children and youth in dependency and termination proceedings.. Description: Developing a schedule for court appointment of attorneys for children and youth in dependency and termination proceedings.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the confidentiality of insurance company data.. Description: Concerning the confidentiality of insurance company data.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Granting interest arbitration to certain public safety telecommunicators.. Description: Granting interest arbitration to certain public safety telecommunicators.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding the definition of family member for individual providers.. Description: Expanding the definition of family member for individual providers.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the response to electric vehicle fires.. Description: Concerning the response to electric vehicle fires.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Adopting the physician assistant compact.Original: Concerning the physician assistant compact.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Adopting the physician assistant compact.Original: Concerning the physician assistant compact.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning alcohol server permits.. Description: Concerning alcohol server permits.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reorganizing statutes on campaign disclosure and contribution.. Description: Reorganizing statutes on campaign disclosure and contribution.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing an exemption to the seashore conservation area for a qualified infrastructure project.. Description: Authorizing an exemption to the seashore conservation area for a qualified infrastructure project.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a uniform standard for creating an established relationship for the purposes of coverage of audio-only telemedicine services.. Description: Establishing a uniform standard for creating an established relationship for the purposes of coverage of audio-only telemedicine services.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the dissolution of libraries and library districts.. Description: Concerning the dissolution of libraries and library districts.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning guardianship and conservatorship.. Description: Concerning guardianship and conservatorship.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning water rights adjudication commissioners and referees.. Description: Concerning water rights adjudication commissioners and referees.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Screening newborn infants for congenital cytomegalovirus.. Description: Screening newborn infants for congenital cytomegalovirus.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning urban growth areas.. Description: Concerning urban growth areas.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning transparency in rule making.. Description: Concerning transparency in rule making.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding an additional superior court judge in Clark county.. Description: Adding an additional superior court judge in Clark county.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning noncompetition covenants.. Description: Concerning noncompetition covenants.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Codifying the state election database to publish, evaluate, and analyze certain election data.. Description: Codifying the state election database to publish, evaluate, and analyze certain election data.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing an artificial intelligence task force.. Description: Establishing an artificial intelligence task force.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning leases.. Description: Concerning leases.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requiring individuals convicted of offenses related to driving under the influence to pay financial support to minor children and dependents when the offense results in the death or disability of a parent.. Description: Requiring individuals convicted of offenses related to driving under the influence to pay financial support to minor children and dependents when the offense results in the death or disability of a parent.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Restricting the use of social security numbers by insurance companies for the purpose of determining child support debt.. Description: Restricting the use of social security numbers by insurance companies for the purpose of determining child support debt.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning security breaches of election systems and election-related systems.. Description: Concerning security breaches of election systems and election-related systems.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning a computer science competency graduation requirement.. Description: Concerning a computer science competency graduation requirement.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Supporting students who are chronically absent and at risk for not graduating high school.. Description: Supporting students who are chronically absent and at risk for not graduating high school.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning special education safety net awards.. Description: Concerning special education safety net awards.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the crisis relief center model to provide behavioral health crisis services for minors.. Description: Extending the crisis relief center model to provide behavioral health crisis services for minors.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning voter registration challenges.. Description: Concerning voter registration challenges.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning spring blade knives.. Description: Concerning spring blade knives.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning hunting and fishing licenses for nonresident college students.. Description: Concerning hunting and fishing licenses for nonresident college students.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning rural fire district stations.. Description: Concerning rural fire district stations.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing adequate and predictable student transportation.. Description: Providing adequate and predictable student transportation.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Convening a palliative care benefit work group.. Description: Convening a palliative care benefit work group.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a primary certification process for magnetic resonance imaging technologists.. Description: Establishing a primary certification process for magnetic resonance imaging technologists.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning membership in the public employees' retirement system for certain part-time bus drivers employed full-time by the federal government.. Description: Concerning membership in the public employees' retirement system for certain part-time bus drivers employed full-time by the federal government.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing prototypical school staffing to better meet student needs.. Description: Increasing prototypical school staffing to better meet student needs.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the burden of proof for special education due process hearings.. Description: Concerning the burden of proof for special education due process hearings.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning court-ordered restitution in environmental criminal cases.. Description: Concerning court-ordered restitution in environmental criminal cases.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning procedures for certificates of annexation submitted to the office of financial management.. Description: Concerning procedures for certificates of annexation submitted to the office of financial management.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding purposes for the use of existing firefighter safety funding.. Description: Adding purposes for the use of existing firefighter safety funding.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the public accountancy act.. Description: Modifying the public accountancy act.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the customer voice council.. Description: Establishing the customer voice council.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing ballot rejection rates through updates to ballot curing, canvassing, reporting, and outreach processes.. Description: Reducing ballot rejection rates through updates to ballot curing, canvassing, reporting, and outreach processes.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Engrossed: Protecting the safety and security of students and maintaining order within school buses by designating trespassing on a school bus as a criminal offense.Revised for 1st Substitute: Designating trespassing on a school bus as a felony offense.Original: Designating trespassing on a public school bus as a felony offense.. Description: Revised for Engrossed: Protecting the safety and security of students and maintaining order within school buses by designating trespassing on a school bus as a criminal offense.Revised for 1st Substitute: Designating trespassing on a school bus as a felony offense.Original: Designating trespassing on a public school bus as a felony offense.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Providing gate money to incarcerated individuals at the department of corrections.Original: Providing gate money to individuals releasing from custody prior to the expiration of their sentence.. Description: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Providing gate money to incarcerated individuals at the department of corrections.Original: Providing gate money to individuals releasing from custody prior to the expiration of their sentence.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying provisions of the business licensing service program.. Description: Modifying provisions of the business licensing service program.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Reinvesting account revenue for the purpose of supporting the state park system.. Description: Reinvesting account revenue for the purpose of supporting the state park system.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning representation in the educator preparation act.. Description: Concerning representation in the educator preparation act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the terms of eligibility for financial aid programs.. Description: Extending the terms of eligibility for financial aid programs.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing a statewide drug overdose prevention and education campaign.. Description: Implementing a statewide drug overdose prevention and education campaign.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing extended foster care services to youth ages 18 to 21.. Description: Providing extended foster care services to youth ages 18 to 21.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning communication between employees of state institutions of higher education and student athletes regarding name, image, and likeness use.. Description: Concerning communication between employees of state institutions of higher education and student athletes regarding name, image, and likeness use.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Extending an existing hazardous substance tax exemption for certain agricultural crop protection products that are temporarily warehoused but not otherwise used, manufactured, packaged, or sold in the state of Washington.. Description: Extending an existing hazardous substance tax exemption for certain agricultural crop protection products that are temporarily warehoused but not otherwise used, manufactured, packaged, or sold in the state of Washington.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning criminal penalties for bias-motivated defacement of private or public property.. Description: Concerning criminal penalties for bias-motivated defacement of private or public property.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the sale of biogenic carbon dioxide and other coproducts of biogas processing.. Description: Concerning the sale of biogenic carbon dioxide and other coproducts of biogas processing.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Lifting certificate of need requirements for psychiatric hospitals and beds.. Description: Lifting certificate of need requirements for psychiatric hospitals and beds.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning tribal representation on the state conservation commission.. Description: Concerning tribal representation on the state conservation commission.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning fire protection district commissioner per diem compensation.. Description: Concerning fire protection district commissioner per diem compensation.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Addressing 6PPD in motorized vehicle tires through safer products for Washington.Original: Expediting the safer products for Washington process regarding motorized vehicle tires containing 6PPD.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Addressing 6PPD in motorized vehicle tires through safer products for Washington.Original: Expediting the safer products for Washington process regarding motorized vehicle tires containing 6PPD.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning pollinator habitat.. Description: Concerning pollinator habitat.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Supporting crime victims and witnesses by promoting victim-centered, trauma-informed responses.Original: Supporting crime victims and witnesses by promoting victim-centered, trauma-informed responses in the legal system.. Description: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Supporting crime victims and witnesses by promoting victim-centered, trauma-informed responses.Original: Supporting crime victims and witnesses by promoting victim-centered, trauma-informed responses in the legal system.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the community parenting alternative for eligible participants in the residential parenting program at the department of corrections.. Description: Modifying the community parenting alternative for eligible participants in the residential parenting program at the department of corrections.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a medical assistant-EMT certification.. Description: Creating a medical assistant-EMT certification.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Conducting a feasibility study regarding a resource data tool to connect Washington residents to services and resources.Original: Developing a resource data tool to connect Washington residents to services and resources.. Description: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Conducting a feasibility study regarding a resource data tool to connect Washington residents to services and resources.Original: Developing a resource data tool to connect Washington residents to services and resources.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the capital budget.. Description: Concerning the capital budget.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Making 2023-2025 fiscal biennium supplemental operating appropriations.. Description: Making 2023-2025 fiscal biennium supplemental operating appropriations.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Aligning deputy inspector credentials with national standards.. Description: Aligning deputy inspector credentials with national standards.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning financial aid grants for incarcerated students.. Description: Concerning financial aid grants for incarcerated students.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Mitigating harm and improving equity in large port districts.. Description: Mitigating harm and improving equity in large port districts.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Regulating home equity sharing agreements under the consumer loan act.. Description: Regulating home equity sharing agreements under the consumer loan act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying local board of health county commissioner membership.. Description: Modifying local board of health county commissioner membership.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the use of neonicotinoid pesticides.. Description: Concerning the use of neonicotinoid pesticides.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning heat pumps in common interest communities.. Description: Concerning heat pumps in common interest communities.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the disposition of unenforceable legal financial obligations other than restitution imposed by a court or an agent of the court against a juvenile prior to July 1, 2023.. Description: Concerning the disposition of unenforceable legal financial obligations other than restitution imposed by a court or an agent of the court against a juvenile prior to July 1, 2023.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning accrued leave for construction workers.. Description: Concerning accrued leave for construction workers.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the timeline for issuing a citation for a violation of the Washington industrial safety and health act.. Description: Concerning the timeline for issuing a citation for a violation of the Washington industrial safety and health act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating the definition of "vaccine" in RCW 70.290.010 to include all federal food and drug administration-approved immunizations recommended by the centers for disease control and prevention.. Description: Updating the definition of "vaccine" in RCW 70.290.010 to include all federal food and drug administration-approved immunizations recommended by the centers for disease control and prevention.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Implementing recommendations from the 2022 sexually transmitted infection and hepatitis B virus legislative advisory group for the treatment of syphilis.Original: Allowing medical assistants with telehealth supervision to provide intramuscular injections for syphilis treatment.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Implementing recommendations from the 2022 sexually transmitted infection and hepatitis B virus legislative advisory group for the treatment of syphilis.Original: Allowing medical assistants with telehealth supervision to provide intramuscular injections for syphilis treatment.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning firearms background check program.. Description: Concerning firearms background check program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting consumers from out-of-network health care services charges.. Description: Protecting consumers from out-of-network health care services charges.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a professional license for spoken language interpreters and translators.. Description: Creating a professional license for spoken language interpreters and translators.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Making technical corrections to plumbing supervision and trainee hours reporting.. Description: Making technical corrections to plumbing supervision and trainee hours reporting.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Timing of eligibility for vacation of nonfelony convictions.. Description: Timing of eligibility for vacation of nonfelony convictions.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting victims of human trafficking and sexual abuse.. Description: Supporting victims of human trafficking and sexual abuse.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning employment standards for grocery workers.. Description: Concerning employment standards for grocery workers.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the use of hog-tying.. Description: Prohibiting the use of hog-tying.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Streamlining certain decisions pertaining to the development or extension of a trail or path from the state environmental policy act.. Description: Streamlining certain decisions pertaining to the development or extension of a trail or path from the state environmental policy act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding the homeownership development property tax exemption to include real property sold to low-income households for building residences using mutual self-help housing construction.. Description: Expanding the homeownership development property tax exemption to include real property sold to low-income households for building residences using mutual self-help housing construction.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning residential parking configurations.. Description: Concerning residential parking configurations.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding the use of the border area fuel tax.. Description: Expanding the use of the border area fuel tax.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a Puget Sound nonspot shrimp pot fishery license.. Description: Establishing a Puget Sound nonspot shrimp pot fishery license.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting consumers from predatory loans.. Description: Protecting consumers from predatory loans.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the insurance holding company act.. Description: Concerning the insurance holding company act.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Relieving individuals from paying interest on certain unemployment insurance overpayment assessments.. Description: Relieving individuals from paying interest on certain unemployment insurance overpayment assessments.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Amending the county population threshold for counties that may exempt from taxation the value of accessory dwelling units to incentivize rental to low-income households.. Description: Amending the county population threshold for counties that may exempt from taxation the value of accessory dwelling units to incentivize rental to low-income households.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the student transportation allocation to accommodate multiple vehicle types for transporting students.. Description: Modifying the student transportation allocation to accommodate multiple vehicle types for transporting students.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning agriculture pest and disease response.. Description: Concerning agriculture pest and disease response.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing the costs associated with providing child care.. Description: Reducing the costs associated with providing child care.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting the development of geothermal energy resources.. Description: Promoting the development of geothermal energy resources.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning prompt payment in public works.. Description: Concerning prompt payment in public works.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning executive sessions under the open public meetings act in order to comply with the climate commitment act.Original: Concerning executive sessions by publicly owned natural gas utilities under the open public meetings act in order to comply with the climate commitment act.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning executive sessions under the open public meetings act in order to comply with the climate commitment act.Original: Concerning executive sessions by publicly owned natural gas utilities under the open public meetings act in order to comply with the climate commitment act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving equitable access to postsecondary education.. Description: Improving equitable access to postsecondary education.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Training requirements for human trafficking.. Description: Training requirements for human trafficking.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Facilitating linkage of Washington's carbon market with the California-Quebec carbon market.. Description: Facilitating linkage of Washington's carbon market with the California-Quebec carbon market.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the sale or lease of manufactured/mobile home communities and the property on which they sit.. Description: Concerning the sale or lease of manufactured/mobile home communities and the property on which they sit.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the acceptance of electronic signatures by the public employment relations commission for new organizing petitions.. Description: Concerning the acceptance of electronic signatures by the public employment relations commission for new organizing petitions.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning exemptions for housing development under the state environmental policy act.. Description: Concerning exemptions for housing development under the state environmental policy act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reporting on dependency outcomes.. Description: Reporting on dependency outcomes.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Engrossed: Improving private Washington workforce retirement security standards by establishing Washington saves, an automatic enrollment individual retirement savings account program, and updating the Washington retirement marketplace statute.Revised for 1st Substitute: Improving retirement security for Washingtonians by establishing Washington saves, an automatic enrollment individual retirement savings account program, and updating the Washington retirement marketplace statute.Original: Improving retirement security for Washingtonians by establishing Washington saves, an automatic enrollment individual retirement savings account program, and updating the Washington retirement marketplace statute.. Description: Revised for Engrossed: Improving private Washington workforce retirement security standards by establishing Washington saves, an automatic enrollment individual retirement savings account program, and updating the Washington retirement marketplace statute.Revised for 1st Substitute: Improving retirement security for Washingtonians by establishing Washington saves, an automatic enrollment individual retirement savings account program, and updating the Washington retirement marketplace statute.Original: Improving retirement security for Washingtonians by establishing Washington saves, an automatic enrollment individual retirement savings account program, and updating the Washington retirement marketplace statute.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing recommendations of the long-term services and supports trust commission.. Description: Addressing recommendations of the long-term services and supports trust commission.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Making juvenile detention records available to managed health care systems.. Description: Making juvenile detention records available to managed health care systems.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Simplifying the funding provisions of the statewide tourism marketing account.. Description: Simplifying the funding provisions of the statewide tourism marketing account.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing collector vehicles the ability to tow trailers.. Description: Providing collector vehicles the ability to tow trailers.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the fire service training account.. Description: Concerning the fire service training account.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning minor league baseball players subject to the terms of a collective bargaining agreement regarding employment status.. Description: Concerning minor league baseball players subject to the terms of a collective bargaining agreement regarding employment status.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating certain minimum requirement equivalencies for electrical inspectors.. Description: Eliminating certain minimum requirement equivalencies for electrical inspectors.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning disclosure of greenhouse gas emissions.. Description: Concerning disclosure of greenhouse gas emissions.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Aligning statutory language concerning the retired state employee and retired or disabled school employee health insurance subsidy with the historical interpretation and implementation of the relevant subsidy language in the operating budget.. Description: Aligning statutory language concerning the retired state employee and retired or disabled school employee health insurance subsidy with the historical interpretation and implementation of the relevant subsidy language in the operating budget.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing clear authority for the secretary of health to issue standing orders.. Description: Establishing clear authority for the secretary of health to issue standing orders.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning accounts.. Description: Concerning accounts.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the tribal opioid prevention and treatment account.. Description: Creating the tribal opioid prevention and treatment account.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Making expenditures from the budget stabilization account for declared catastrophic events.. Description: Making expenditures from the budget stabilization account for declared catastrophic events.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning hospital at-home services.. Description: Concerning hospital at-home services.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating safer working conditions in adult entertainment establishments.. Description: Creating safer working conditions in adult entertainment establishments.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Including in the public safety employees' retirement system specified workers at department of social and health services institutional and residential sites that serve civilly committed residents or serve patients under not guilty by reason of insanity findings.Original: Including in the public safety employees' retirement system specified competency restoration workers at department of social and health services institutional and residential sites that serve civilly committed residents or serve patients under not guilty by reason of insanity findings.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Including in the public safety employees' retirement system specified workers at department of social and health services institutional and residential sites that serve civilly committed residents or serve patients under not guilty by reason of insanity findings.Original: Including in the public safety employees' retirement system specified competency restoration workers at department of social and health services institutional and residential sites that serve civilly committed residents or serve patients under not guilty by reason of insanity findings.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing retainage on private construction projects.. Description: Addressing retainage on private construction projects.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting children and families.. Description: Supporting children and families.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modernizing the child fatality statute.. Description: Modernizing the child fatality statute.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning speed safety camera systems.. Description: Concerning speed safety camera systems.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Wildland Urban Interface Code.. Description: Concerning the Wildland Urban Interface Code.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning agricultural and forestry biomass.Original: Concerning biochar production from agricultural and forestry biomass.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning agricultural and forestry biomass.Original: Concerning biochar production from agricultural and forestry biomass.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Preserving records and artifacts regarding the historical treatment of people with intellectual and developmental disabilities in Washington state.. Description: Preserving records and artifacts regarding the historical treatment of people with intellectual and developmental disabilities in Washington state.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing access to human immunodeficiency virus postexposure prophylaxis drugs or therapies.. Description: Increasing access to human immunodeficiency virus postexposure prophylaxis drugs or therapies.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Fire Marshal Michael Jackson.. Description: Honoring Fire Marshal Michael Jackson.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Deterring robberies from cannabis retail establishments.. Description: Deterring robberies from cannabis retail establishments.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning limited areas of more intensive rural development.. Description: Concerning limited areas of more intensive rural development.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning tribal warrants.. Description: Concerning tribal warrants.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing maternal and perinatal quality of care metrics for Washingtonians on medicaid.. Description: Establishing maternal and perinatal quality of care metrics for Washingtonians on medicaid.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Extending the comprehensive plan revision schedule for select local governments.. Description: Extending the comprehensive plan revision schedule for select local governments.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the provision of an ultrasound.. Description: Concerning the provision of an ultrasound.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Updating process service requirements in Washington state for business entities and motorists.Original: Updating process service requirements for corporations in Washington state.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Updating process service requirements in Washington state for business entities and motorists.Original: Updating process service requirements for corporations in Washington state.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Reforming civil service to permit deferred action for childhood arrivals recipients to apply for civil service and incorporate civil service advantage for bilingual and multilingual applicants, applicants with higher education, and applicants with prior work experience in social services.. Description: Reforming civil service to permit deferred action for childhood arrivals recipients to apply for civil service and incorporate civil service advantage for bilingual and multilingual applicants, applicants with higher education, and applicants with prior work experience in social services.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adding a penalty for excessive fees for locating abandoned property held by a county.. Description: Adding a penalty for excessive fees for locating abandoned property held by a county.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning biosolids.. Description: Concerning biosolids.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning county emergency management plans.. Description: Concerning county emergency management plans.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Extending the pesticide application safety committee.. Description: Extending the pesticide application safety committee.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning local government procurement rules.. Description: Concerning local government procurement rules.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Encouraging investments in affordable homeownership unit development.. Description: Encouraging investments in affordable homeownership unit development.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for Engrossed: Concerning housing affordability tax incentives for existing structures.Revised for 2nd Substitute: Providing a sales and use tax incentive for existing structures.Original: Concerning housing affordability tax incentives for existing structures.. Description: Revised for Engrossed: Concerning housing affordability tax incentives for existing structures.Revised for 2nd Substitute: Providing a sales and use tax incentive for existing structures.Original: Concerning housing affordability tax incentives for existing structures.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Aligning the legend drug act to reflect the prescriptive authority for licensed midwives.. Description: Aligning the legend drug act to reflect the prescriptive authority for licensed midwives.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the use of biometric age verification by liquor licensees.. Description: Concerning the use of biometric age verification by liquor licensees.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning law enforcement officer definition.. Description: Concerning law enforcement officer definition.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning disclosure of certain recipient information to the Washington state patrol.Original: Concerning disclosure of certain recipient locations to the Washington state patrol.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Concerning disclosure of certain recipient information to the Washington state patrol.Original: Concerning disclosure of certain recipient locations to the Washington state patrol.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the body scanner pilot program at the department of corrections.. Description: Concerning the body scanner pilot program at the department of corrections.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing additional work and change orders on public and private construction projects.. Description: Addressing additional work and change orders on public and private construction projects.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state legislative employee collective bargaining.. Description: Concerning state legislative employee collective bargaining.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the law enforcement officers' and firefighters' retirement system plan 2.. Description: Concerning the law enforcement officers' and firefighters' retirement system plan 2.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning employees of the law enforcement officers' and firefighters' plan 2 retirement board.. Description: Concerning employees of the law enforcement officers' and firefighters' plan 2 retirement board.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning technical changes to allowable exemptions for tourism promotion area assessments.. Description: Concerning technical changes to allowable exemptions for tourism promotion area assessments.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving tax and revenue laws.. Description: Improving tax and revenue laws.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the number of district court judges.. Description: Concerning the number of district court judges.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing entry of a civil protection order to protect victims when a person is found not guilty by reason of insanity.. Description: Allowing entry of a civil protection order to protect victims when a person is found not guilty by reason of insanity.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning treatment of substance use disorders.. Description: Concerning treatment of substance use disorders.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying match requirements for the green transportation capital grant program.. Description: Modifying match requirements for the green transportation capital grant program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Screening newborn infants for branched-chain ketoacid dehydrogenase kinase deficiency.. Description: Screening newborn infants for branched-chain ketoacid dehydrogenase kinase deficiency.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating thresholds for the property tax exemption for widows and widowers of honorably discharged veterans.. Description: Updating thresholds for the property tax exemption for widows and widowers of honorably discharged veterans.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning law enforcement training.. Description: Concerning law enforcement training.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning transmission of information relating to firearm prohibitions for persons committed for mental health treatment.. Description: Concerning transmission of information relating to firearm prohibitions for persons committed for mental health treatment.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning public employees' retirement system plan 2 service credit for officers of labor organizations.. Description: Concerning public employees' retirement system plan 2 service credit for officers of labor organizations.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Coordinating regional behavioral crisis response services.Original: Coordinating regional behavioral crisis response and suicide prevention services.. Description: Revised for 2nd Substitute: Coordinating regional behavioral crisis response services.Original: Coordinating regional behavioral crisis response and suicide prevention services.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing solar consumer protections.. Description: Providing solar consumer protections.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning death benefits provided by the 1955 act for firefighters' relief and pensions.. Description: Concerning death benefits provided by the 1955 act for firefighters' relief and pensions.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Supporting the implementation of competency-based education.. Description: Supporting the implementation of competency-based education.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing an alternative voter verification options pilot project.. Description: Establishing an alternative voter verification options pilot project.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the cannabis excise tax to consider THC concentration.. Description: Modifying the cannabis excise tax to consider THC concentration.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a new statutory framework for the use of public-private partnerships for transportation projects.. Description: Creating a new statutory framework for the use of public-private partnerships for transportation projects.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Promoting organic agriculture.. Description: Promoting organic agriculture.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating the expiration date for the Sandy Williams connecting communities program.. Description: Eliminating the expiration date for the Sandy Williams connecting communities program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the anesthesia workforce shortage by reducing barriers and expanding educational opportunities to increase the supply of certified registered nurse anesthetists in Washington.. Description: Addressing the anesthesia workforce shortage by reducing barriers and expanding educational opportunities to increase the supply of certified registered nurse anesthetists in Washington.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Streamlining the state building code council operating procedures by establishing criteria for statewide amendments to the state building code.. Description: Streamlining the state building code council operating procedures by establishing criteria for statewide amendments to the state building code.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a retail industry work group.. Description: Establishing a retail industry work group.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the duty of the clergy to report child abuse or neglect.. Description: Concerning the duty of the clergy to report child abuse or neglect.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning basic law enforcement academy.. Description: Concerning basic law enforcement academy.
In 2024, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a Washington state supply chain competitiveness infrastructure program.. Description: Creating a Washington state supply chain competitiveness infrastructure program.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending timelines for implementation of the 988 system.. Description: Extending timelines for implementation of the 988 system.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the state route number 520 corridor.. Description: Concerning the state route number 520 corridor.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Notifying the Governor that the House of Representatives is organized and ready to conduct business.. Description: Notifying the Governor that the House of Representatives is organized and ready to conduct business.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the temporary rules of the House of Representatives.. Description: Adopting the temporary rules of the House of Representatives.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Jamie Walsh.. Description: Honoring Jamie Walsh.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.. Description: Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating the Lunar New Year.. Description: Celebrating the Lunar New Year.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Presidents' Day.. Description: Recognizing Presidents' Day.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Director Lourdes E. "Alfie" Alvarado-Ramos.. Description: Honoring Director Lourdes E. "Alfie" Alvarado-Ramos.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Washington National Guard.. Description: Honoring the Washington National Guard.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Cindy Arnold.. Description: Honoring Cindy Arnold.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing former Mason County Sheriff Casey Salisbury.. Description: Recognizing former Mason County Sheriff Casey Salisbury.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Chelan High School Volleyball Team.. Description: Honoring the Chelan High School Volleyball Team.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Wenatchee High School Football Team.. Description: Honoring the Wenatchee High School Football Team.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Japanese Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.. Description: Honoring Japanese Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating Children's Day.. Description: Celebrating Children's Day.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the permanent rules of the House of Representatives.. Description: Adopting the permanent rules of the House of Representatives.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring individuals with Turner Syndrome.. Description: Honoring individuals with Turner Syndrome.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Observing Black History Month.. Description: Observing Black History Month.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Daffodil Festival and its Royal Court.. Description: Honoring the Daffodil Festival and its Royal Court.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Bill Russell.. Description: Honoring Bill Russell.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Fumiko Kimura.. Description: Honoring Fumiko Kimura.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Prairie High School Wrestling Team.. Description: Honoring the Prairie High School Wrestling Team.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Deborah Senn becoming the first woman elected to serve as the state's insurance commissioner.. Description: Recognizing Deborah Senn becoming the first woman elected to serve as the state's insurance commissioner.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Billy Frank Jr.. Description: Honoring Billy Frank Jr.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning survivors of crimes.. Description: Concerning survivors of crimes.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Trooper Dean Atkinson, Jr.. Description: Honoring Trooper Dean Atkinson, Jr.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating the Feast of Saint Patrick.. Description: Celebrating the Feast of Saint Patrick.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating Nowruz.. Description: Celebrating Nowruz.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the 2023 Apple Blossom Festival Royal Court.. Description: Honoring the 2023 Apple Blossom Festival Royal Court.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Hezekiah Hewes.. Description: Honoring Hezekiah Hewes.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting Washingtonians with developmental disabilities.. Description: Supporting Washingtonians with developmental disabilities.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring former Representative Jim Moeller.. Description: Honoring former Representative Jim Moeller.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Curtis Senior High School Boys Varsity Basketball Team.. Description: Honoring the Curtis Senior High School Boys Varsity Basketball Team.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Curtis Senior High School Girls Bowling Team.. Description: Honoring the Curtis Senior High School Girls Bowling Team.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the warriors of the Constitution.. Description: Honoring the warriors of the Constitution.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring April as National Donate Life Month.. Description: Honoring April as National Donate Life Month.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning William D. Hyslop.. Description: Concerning William D. Hyslop.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Burton Stoltz.. Description: Honoring Burton Stoltz.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Sandra Bedrosian Sermone.. Description: Honoring Sandra Bedrosian Sermone.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Nooksack Valley High School Girls Varsity Basketball Team.. Description: Honoring the Nooksack Valley High School Girls Varsity Basketball Team.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Holocaust Remembrance Day.. Description: Recognizing Holocaust Remembrance Day.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the bond between the people of Taiwan and Washington state.. Description: Recognizing the bond between the people of Taiwan and Washington state.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Office of Program Research on its 50th anniversary.. Description: Congratulating the Office of Program Research on its 50th anniversary.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Bellingham High School Boys Varsity Swimming and Diving Team.. Description: Honoring the Bellingham High School Boys Varsity Swimming and Diving Team.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the aeronautics and military community.. Description: Recognizing the aeronautics and military community.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Squalicum High School Girls Varsity Wrestling Team.. Description: Honoring the Squalicum High School Girls Varsity Wrestling Team.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Commending the Lynden Christian High School Varsity basketball team.. Description: Commending the Lynden Christian High School Varsity basketball team.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Lynden High School Boys Varsity Basketball Team.. Description: Honoring the Lynden High School Boys Varsity Basketball Team.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for House business during interim.. Description: Providing for House business during interim.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Amending the permanent rules of the House of Representatives.. Description: Amending the permanent rules of the House of Representatives.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Notifying the Governor that the House is organized and ready.. Description: Notifying the Governor that the House is organized and ready.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.. Description: Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the National Conference of State Legislatures.. Description: Recognizing the National Conference of State Legislatures.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Dee Simon.. Description: Recognizing Dee Simon.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing heart health month.. Description: Recognizing heart health month.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Harvey J. Drahos.. Description: Honoring Harvey J. Drahos.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Glenn Johnson.. Description: Honoring Glenn Johnson.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the people of Iran.. Description: Concerning the people of Iran.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the plight of victims of stalking.. Description: Recognizing the plight of victims of stalking.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Acknowledging the Lunar New Year.. Description: Acknowledging the Lunar New Year.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Washington National Guard.. Description: Honoring the Washington National Guard.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Daffodil Festival.. Description: Honoring the Daffodil Festival.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Colleen O'Neal.. Description: Honoring Colleen O'Neal.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Wear Red Day.. Description: Recognizing Wear Red Day.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the bond between Taiwan and Washington state.. Description: Recognizing the bond between Taiwan and Washington state.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating the 125th anniversary of the Burke Museum.. Description: Celebrating the 125th anniversary of the Burke Museum.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating Black History Month.. Description: Celebrating Black History Month.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Warriors of the Constitution.. Description: Honoring the Warriors of the Constitution.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Terry Cochran.. Description: Honoring Terry Cochran.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Mr. Dick Nelms.. Description: Honoring Mr. Dick Nelms.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Presidents' Day.. Description: Recognizing Presidents' Day.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Japanese-Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.. Description: Honoring Japanese-Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Barbara Harrer.. Description: Honoring Barbara Harrer.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Derek Kilmer.. Description: Honoring Derek Kilmer.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Commending Deputy Rocky Futrell.. Description: Commending Deputy Rocky Futrell.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the designation of the Filipino Hall of the Yakima Valley on the National Register of Historic Places.. Description: Recognizing the designation of the Filipino Hall of the Yakima Valley on the National Register of Historic Places.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the domestic maritime industry's ability to serve Washingtonians in the event of a natural disaster.. Description: Honoring the domestic maritime industry's ability to serve Washingtonians in the event of a natural disaster.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating Nowruz.. Description: Celebrating Nowruz.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating Kimchi Day.. Description: Celebrating Kimchi Day.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating the work of the Oasis Youth Center.. Description: Celebrating the work of the Oasis Youth Center.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring James A. Delissio.. Description: Honoring James A. Delissio.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring John McCoy.. Description: Honoring John McCoy.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Girl Scouts.. Description: Recognizing the Girl Scouts.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Congratulating Sydney Frost.. Description: Congratulating Sydney Frost.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Manson High School Girls Cross County team.. Description: Congratulating the Manson High School Girls Cross County team.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Faith Tarrant.. Description: Honoring Faith Tarrant.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the centennial of the first around the world flight.. Description: Recognizing the centennial of the first around the world flight.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Libby Roberts for her remarkable achievements in Girls Wrestling at University High School.. Description: Honoring Libby Roberts for her remarkable achievements in Girls Wrestling at University High School.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Ridgeline Volleyball Team.. Description: Honoring the Ridgeline Volleyball Team.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Manson High School volleyball team.. Description: Congratulating the Manson High School volleyball team.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers.. Description: Honoring Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the University High School Girls Wrestling Team.. Description: Honoring the University High School Girls Wrestling Team.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the University High School Titans Slowpitch Team.. Description: Honoring the University High School Titans Slowpitch Team.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Commission on Asian Pacific American Affairs.. Description: Recognizing the Commission on Asian Pacific American Affairs.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Chelan High School volleyball team.. Description: Congratulating the Chelan High School volleyball team.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for House business during interim.. Description: Providing for House business during interim.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Maureen Mueller.. Description: Honoring Maureen Mueller.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Patty Moore.. Description: Honoring Patty Moore.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Lisa Fenton.. Description: Honoring Lisa Fenton.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Representative Kretz.. Description: Honoring Representative Kretz.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing J.T. Wilcox.. Description: Recognizing J.T. Wilcox.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Notifying the governor that the Senate is ready to conduct business.. Description: Notifying the governor that the Senate is ready to conduct business.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the permanent rules of the Senate.. Description: Adopting the permanent rules of the Senate.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the senate's emergency parliamentary rules of the sixty-eighth legislature.. Description: Adopting the senate's emergency parliamentary rules of the sixty-eighth legislature.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Seattle Women's Chorus.. Description: Honoring Seattle Women's Chorus.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.. Description: Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Acknowledging the lunar new year.. Description: Acknowledging the lunar new year.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Amending the permanent rules of the senate.. Description: Amending the permanent rules of the senate.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Lourdes Alvarado-Ramos.. Description: Honoring Lourdes Alvarado-Ramos.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Acknowledging National Passenger Safety Week.. Description: Acknowledging National Passenger Safety Week.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the contributions made to Washington state by the Daffodil Festival, its organizers, and its royal court for the past 90 years.. Description: Recognizing the contributions made to Washington state by the Daffodil Festival, its organizers, and its royal court for the past 90 years.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring India's Republic Day.. Description: Honoring India's Republic Day.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating the thriving state maritime economy.. Description: Celebrating the thriving state maritime economy.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Raising awareness to deter human trafficking.. Description: Raising awareness to deter human trafficking.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Washington National Guard.. Description: Recognizing the Washington National Guard.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Keenan Konopaski.. Description: Honoring Keenan Konopaski.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Blessing Movement.. Description: Recognizing The Blessing Movement.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Calling for more awareness of "Triple Negative Breast Cancer.". Description: Calling for more awareness of "Triple Negative Breast Cancer."
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Remembering the injustices suffered by Japanese Americans under Executive Order 9066.. Description: Remembering the injustices suffered by Japanese Americans under Executive Order 9066.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Observing Black History Month.. Description: Observing Black History Month.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing and supporting Ukrainian Americans.. Description: Recognizing and supporting Ukrainian Americans.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Market and its efforts to assist those facing food insecurity.. Description: Recognizing the Market and its efforts to assist those facing food insecurity.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Blessing of the fleet.. Description: Blessing of the fleet.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring United States Border Patrol Agent Donna Marie Doss.. Description: Honoring United States Border Patrol Agent Donna Marie Doss.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Holocaust Remembrance Day.. Description: Recognizing Holocaust Remembrance Day.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Special Olympics.. Description: Honoring the Special Olympics.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Dorothy A. Reed.. Description: Honoring Dorothy A. Reed.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning Cricket Day.. Description: Concerning Cricket Day.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the United States Navy.. Description: Recognizing the United States Navy.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Director Teresa Berntsen.. Description: Recognizing Director Teresa Berntsen.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Women in Cloud.. Description: Recognizing Women in Cloud.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Intelligent Mademoiselles.. Description: Recognizing the Intelligent Mademoiselles.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Camp Gifford on Deer Lake.. Description: Recognizing Camp Gifford on Deer Lake.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Remembering Stephen Roy Lindstrom.. Description: Remembering Stephen Roy Lindstrom.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for Senate business during interim.. Description: Providing for Senate business during interim.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Ahmad Hilal Abid.. Description: Recognizing Ahmad Hilal Abid.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring the Washington state Sikh American community and the joyous Vaisakhi celebration.. Description: Recognizing and honoring the Washington state Sikh American community and the joyous Vaisakhi celebration.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing April as National Donate Life Month.. Description: Recognizing April as National Donate Life Month.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Ramadan.. Description: Recognizing and honoring Ramadan.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning Larry Itliong.. Description: Concerning Larry Itliong.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing mental and behavioral health.. Description: Recognizing mental and behavioral health.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Gary Wilburn.. Description: Honoring Gary Wilburn.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Seattle Mariners.. Description: Congratulating the Seattle Mariners.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning Washington state and Taiwan's partnership.. Description: Concerning Washington state and Taiwan's partnership.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Elijah Lee Lewis.. Description: Honoring Elijah Lee Lewis.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning remote voting during the 2023 first special session.. Description: Concerning remote voting during the 2023 first special session.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Notifying the governor that the Senate is organized and ready.. Description: Notifying the governor that the Senate is organized and ready.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Martin Luther King, Jr.. Description: Honoring Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Mount Si High School Girls Cross Country Team.. Description: Congratulating the Mount Si High School Girls Cross Country Team.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Wenatchee High School Girls Volleyball Team.. Description: Recognizing the Wenatchee High School Girls Volleyball Team.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Glenn Johnson.. Description: Honoring Glenn Johnson.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Danny O'Keefe.. Description: Honoring Danny O'Keefe.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Dick Nelms.. Description: Honoring Dick Nelms.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Congratulating Pete Carroll.. Description: Congratulating Pete Carroll.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring April as National Donate Life Month.. Description: Honoring April as National Donate Life Month.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Women in Cloud.. Description: Recognizing Women in Cloud.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the importance of education in preventing human trafficking.. Description: Recognizing the importance of education in preventing human trafficking.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Sergeant David Sorenson.. Description: Recognizing Sergeant David Sorenson.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the plight of victims of stalking.. Description: Recognizing the plight of victims of stalking.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Washington National Guard.. Description: Recognizing the Washington National Guard.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the National Conference of State Legislatures.. Description: Recognizing the National Conference of State Legislatures.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring India's Republic Day.. Description: Honoring India's Republic Day.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Sandra Day O'Connor.. Description: Honoring Sandra Day O'Connor.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Acknowledging the Lunar New Year.. Description: Acknowledging the Lunar New Year.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Reverend Gregory Christopher and Evelyn Christopher.. Description: Recognizing Reverend Gregory Christopher and Evelyn Christopher.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Blessing of the fleet.. Description: Blessing of the fleet.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Senator Jeannie Darneille.. Description: Honoring Senator Jeannie Darneille.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing National Wear Red Day and the fight against heart disease and stroke.. Description: Recognizing National Wear Red Day and the fight against heart disease and stroke.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning Washington State and the people of Taiwan.. Description: Concerning Washington State and the people of Taiwan.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the transformative significance of the Civil Rights Act.. Description: Recognizing the transformative significance of the Civil Rights Act.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Black History Month.. Description: Recognizing Black History Month.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Ukrainian Americans.. Description: Honoring Ukrainian Americans.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the First Washington Territorial Legislature of 1854.. Description: Honoring the First Washington Territorial Legislature of 1854.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the contributions made to Washington state by the Daffodil Festival, its organizers, and its royal court for the past 91 years.. Description: Recognizing the contributions made to Washington state by the Daffodil Festival, its organizers, and its royal court for the past 91 years.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the mutual friendship between Washington state and the Republic of Korea.. Description: Recognizing the mutual friendship between Washington state and the Republic of Korea.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Japanese-Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.. Description: Honoring Japanese-Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing efforts for the ongoing flood recovery and mitigation work in Whatcom County.. Description: Recognizing efforts for the ongoing flood recovery and mitigation work in Whatcom County.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Sikh Americans.. Description: Recognizing Sikh Americans.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Linda Smith.. Description: Honoring Linda Smith.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Patty Rubstello.. Description: Recognizing Patty Rubstello.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for Senate business during interim.. Description: Providing for Senate business during interim.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing rare disease research and patients.. Description: Recognizing rare disease research and patients.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Seattle Japanese American Citizens League upon its 100th anniversary.. Description: Honoring the Seattle Japanese American Citizens League upon its 100th anniversary.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Calling a Joint Session of the Legislature for the purposes of receiving the State of the State address.. Description: Calling a Joint Session of the Legislature for the purposes of receiving the State of the State address.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting joint rules.. Description: Adopting joint rules.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Returning bills to their house of origin.. Description: Returning bills to their house of origin.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Calling a Joint Session of the Legislature.. Description: Calling a Joint Session of the Legislature.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing cutoff dates for the consideration of legislation during the 2024 regular session of the sixty-eighth legislature.. Description: Establishing cutoff dates for the consideration of legislation during the 2024 regular session of the sixty-eighth legislature.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Returning bills to their house of origin.. Description: Returning bills to their house of origin.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Convening a joint session for the purpose of receiving the State of the Judiciary message.. Description: Convening a joint session for the purpose of receiving the State of the Judiciary message.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing cutoff dates for the consideration of legislation during the 2023 regular session of the sixty-eighth legislature.. Description: Establishing cutoff dates for the consideration of legislation during the 2023 regular session of the sixty-eighth legislature.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring former members of the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Washington who have passed from this life.. Description: Honoring former members of the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Washington who have passed from this life.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Convening a joint session for the purpose of receiving the address of H.E. Sauli Niinistö, President of the Republic of Finland.. Description: Convening a joint session for the purpose of receiving the address of H.E. Sauli Niinistö, President of the Republic of Finland.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Adjourning SINE DIE.. Description: Adjourning SINE DIE.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting joint rules.. Description: Adopting joint rules.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the status of legislation that may be considered at the 2023 first special session of the sixty-eighth Legislature.. Description: Concerning the status of legislation that may be considered at the 2023 first special session of the sixty-eighth Legislature.
In 2023, Washington passed a bill titled: Adjourning the 2023 1st Special Session of the Sixty-eighth Legislature SINE DIE.. Description: Adjourning the 2023 1st Special Session of the Sixty-eighth Legislature SINE DIE.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Specifying the status of bills, resolutions, and memorials.. Description: Specifying the status of bills, resolutions, and memorials.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a joint select committee on civic health.. Description: Creating a joint select committee on civic health.
In 2024, Washington passed a bill titled: Adjourning SINE DIE.. Description: Adjourning SINE DIE.
In 2023, Washington enrolled a bill titled: Revised for 1st Substitute: Requesting the transportation commission to designate a section of state route number 411 the Cowlitz County Deputy Sheriff Justin DeRosier memorial highway.Original: Requesting the transportation commission to designate a section of Interstate 5 the Cowlitz County Deputy Sheriff Justin DeRosier memorial highway.. Description: Revised for 1st Substitute: Requesting the transportation commission to designate a section of state route number 411 the Cowlitz County Deputy Sheriff Justin DeRosier memorial highway.Original: Requesting the transportation commission to designate a section of Interstate 5 the Cowlitz County Deputy Sheriff Justin DeRosier memorial highway.
In 2023, Washington enrolled a bill titled: Concerning a national infrastructure bank.. Description: Concerning a national infrastructure bank.
In 2024, Washington enrolled a bill titled: Addressing "de-risking" by financial institutions.. Description: Addressing "de-risking" by financial institutions.
In 2023, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requesting that the federal government create a universal health care program.. Description: Requesting that the federal government create a universal health care program.
In 2024, Washington enrolled a bill titled: Requesting Congress to fully fund 40 percent of the costs of IDEA.. Description: Requesting Congress to fully fund 40 percent of the costs of IDEA.
In 2024, Washington enrolled a bill titled: Designating mileposts 45 to 51 of state route number 6 as the Washington state patrol trooper Justin R. Schaffer memorial highway.. Description: Designating mileposts 45 to 51 of state route number 6 as the Washington state patrol trooper Justin R. Schaffer memorial highway.
In 2024, Washington enrolled a bill titled: Concerning the federal harbor maintenance tax.. Description: Concerning the federal harbor maintenance tax.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a law enforcement professional development outreach grant program.. Description: Establishing a law enforcement professional development outreach grant program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the completion of supervised experience through distance supervision.. Description: Concerning the completion of supervised experience through distance supervision.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning student health plans.. Description: Concerning student health plans.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the Washington equitable access to credit act.. Description: Creating the Washington equitable access to credit act.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Making Juneteenth a legal holiday.. Description: Making Juneteenth a legal holiday.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying Washington state horse racing commission provisions.. Description: Modifying Washington state horse racing commission provisions.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning predesign requirements and thresholds.. Description: Concerning predesign requirements and thresholds.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning evaluation and recommendation of candidates for residency teacher certification.. Description: Concerning evaluation and recommendation of candidates for residency teacher certification.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning a community aviation revitalization loan program.. Description: Concerning a community aviation revitalization loan program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the government issuance of a certificate of birth resulting in stillbirth.. Description: Concerning the government issuance of a certificate of birth resulting in stillbirth.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington customized employment training program.. Description: Concerning the Washington customized employment training program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning park and recreation district levies.. Description: Concerning park and recreation district levies.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning insurance adjusters.. Description: Concerning insurance adjusters.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning sunshine committee recommendations regarding juveniles.. Description: Concerning sunshine committee recommendations regarding juveniles.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Revising the international application of the uniform child custody jurisdiction and enforcement act to protect families from facing the death penalty in certain foreign jurisdictions on the basis of religious beliefs, political beliefs, or sexual orientation.. Description: Revising the international application of the uniform child custody jurisdiction and enforcement act to protect families from facing the death penalty in certain foreign jurisdictions on the basis of religious beliefs, political beliefs, or sexual orientation.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating prison to postsecondary education pathways.. Description: Creating prison to postsecondary education pathways.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the removal of specific religious references regarding the criminal mistreatment of children and vulnerable adults from a statute.. Description: Concerning the removal of specific religious references regarding the criminal mistreatment of children and vulnerable adults from a statute.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the off-site delivery of a vehicle by a vehicle dealer licensed under chapter 46.70 RCW.. Description: Concerning the off-site delivery of a vehicle by a vehicle dealer licensed under chapter 46.70 RCW.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing greenhouse gas emissions from fluorinated gases.. Description: Reducing greenhouse gas emissions from fluorinated gases.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding a faculty member to the board of regents at the research universities.. Description: Adding a faculty member to the board of regents at the research universities.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning group insurance contract performance standards.. Description: Concerning group insurance contract performance standards.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing requirements for tactics and equipment used by peace officers.. Description: Establishing requirements for tactics and equipment used by peace officers.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the expiration date for reporting requirements on timber purchases.. Description: Extending the expiration date for reporting requirements on timber purchases.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning open public meeting notice requirements and declared emergencies.. Description: Concerning open public meeting notice requirements and declared emergencies.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning youth eligible for developmental disability services who are expected to exit the child welfare system.. Description: Concerning youth eligible for developmental disability services who are expected to exit the child welfare system.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing additional renewals for behavioral health professional trainee and associate credentials.. Description: Allowing additional renewals for behavioral health professional trainee and associate credentials.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring the disclosure of high-speed internet access availability in the seller's disclosure statement.. Description: Requiring the disclosure of high-speed internet access availability in the seller's disclosure statement.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting election security information from public records disclosure.. Description: Exempting election security information from public records disclosure.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning local government fiscal flexibility.. Description: Concerning local government fiscal flexibility.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying allowed uses of local tax revenue for affordable housing and related services to include the acquisition and construction of affordable housing and facilities.. Description: Modifying allowed uses of local tax revenue for affordable housing and related services to include the acquisition and construction of affordable housing and facilities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Removing only one of the restrictions on the use of civil legal aid funds.. Description: Removing only one of the restrictions on the use of civil legal aid funds.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding coverage of the paid family and medical leave program.. Description: Expanding coverage of the paid family and medical leave program.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning overdose and suicide fatality reviews. (REVISED FOR PASSED LEGISLATURE: Concerning overdose, withdrawal, and suicide fatality reviews.). Description: Concerning overdose and suicide fatality reviews. (REVISED FOR PASSED LEGISLATURE: Concerning overdose, withdrawal, and suicide fatality reviews.)
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Allowing whistleblowers to bring actions on behalf of the state for violations of workplace protections.. Description: Allowing whistleblowers to bring actions on behalf of the state for violations of workplace protections.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Restoring voter eligibility for all persons convicted of a felony offense who are not in total confinement under the jurisdiction of the department of corrections.. Description: Restoring voter eligibility for all persons convicted of a felony offense who are not in total confinement under the jurisdiction of the department of corrections.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the capital budget.. Description: Concerning the capital budget.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning relocation assistance for tenants of closed or converted manufactured/mobile home parks.. Description: Concerning relocation assistance for tenants of closed or converted manufactured/mobile home parks.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting a safe learning environment for students with seizure disorders.. Description: Promoting a safe learning environment for students with seizure disorders.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the state office of behavioral health consumer advocacy.. Description: Creating the state office of behavioral health consumer advocacy.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying the continuity of employee family and medical leave rights.. Description: Clarifying the continuity of employee family and medical leave rights.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning potential impeachment disclosures.. Description: Concerning potential impeachment disclosures.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning compliance audits of requirements relating to peace officers and law enforcement agencies.. Description: Concerning compliance audits of requirements relating to peace officers and law enforcement agencies.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning private, for-profit detention facilities.. Description: Concerning private, for-profit detention facilities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning cloud computing solutions.. Description: Concerning cloud computing solutions.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by reducing the carbon intensity of transportation fuel.. Description: Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by reducing the carbon intensity of transportation fuel.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the taxation of governmental financial assistance programs addressing the impacts of conditions giving rise to a gubernatorial or presidential emergency proclamation by creating state business and occupation tax and state public utility tax exemptions, a sales and use tax exemption for the receipt of such financial assistance, and clarifying the sales and use tax obligations for goods and services purchased by recipients of such financial assistance.. Description: Concerning the taxation of governmental financial assistance programs addressing the impacts of conditions giving rise to a gubernatorial or presidential emergency proclamation by creating state business and occupation tax and state public utility tax exemptions, a sales and use tax exemption for the receipt of such financial assistance, and clarifying the sales and use tax obligations for goods and services purchased by recipients of such financial assistance.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning nonmedicare plans offered through the Washington state health insurance pool.. Description: Concerning nonmedicare plans offered through the Washington state health insurance pool.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing worker protections.. Description: Increasing worker protections.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Improving the state's climate response through updates to the state's comprehensive planning framework.. Description: Improving the state's climate response through updates to the state's comprehensive planning framework.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the operation of the mortgage lending fraud prosecution account until June 30, 2027.. Description: Extending the operation of the mortgage lending fraud prosecution account until June 30, 2027.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning arrest protections for the medical use of cannabis.. Description: Concerning arrest protections for the medical use of cannabis.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding certain nonresident vessel permit provisions.. Description: Expanding certain nonresident vessel permit provisions.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Maintaining funding and assistance for homeowners navigating the foreclosure process.. Description: Maintaining funding and assistance for homeowners navigating the foreclosure process.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning victims of sexual assault.. Description: Concerning victims of sexual assault.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning school attendance.. Description: Concerning school attendance.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Encouraging utility mitigation of urban heat island effects.. Description: Encouraging utility mitigation of urban heat island effects.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing cost recovery of state agency credit card and transaction fees and related costs for driver and vehicle fee transactions.. Description: Implementing cost recovery of state agency credit card and transaction fees and related costs for driver and vehicle fee transactions.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Promoting salmon recovery through revisions to the state's comprehensive planning framework.. Description: Promoting salmon recovery through revisions to the state's comprehensive planning framework.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Notifying students of courses with low-cost instructional materials and open educational resources at the four-year institutions of higher education.. Description: Notifying students of courses with low-cost instructional materials and open educational resources at the four-year institutions of higher education.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state of emergency operations impacting long-term services and supports.. Description: Concerning state of emergency operations impacting long-term services and supports.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the emergency waiver of graduation requirements.. Description: Concerning the emergency waiver of graduation requirements.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the retirement age for state guard members.. Description: Concerning the retirement age for state guard members.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning nurse delegation of glucose monitoring, glucose testing, and insulin injections.. Description: Concerning nurse delegation of glucose monitoring, glucose testing, and insulin injections.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the licensure of international medical graduates.. Description: Concerning the licensure of international medical graduates.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the emergency waiver of instructional hours and days at private schools.. Description: Concerning the emergency waiver of instructional hours and days at private schools.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Elevating road maintenance and preservation in transportation planning.. Description: Elevating road maintenance and preservation in transportation planning.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Taking action to address lead in drinking water.. Description: Taking action to address lead in drinking water.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning juvenile access to attorneys when contacted by law enforcement.. Description: Concerning juvenile access to attorneys when contacted by law enforcement.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing access to the death with dignity act.. Description: Increasing access to the death with dignity act.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing the placement of water rights banked pursuant to RCW 90.92.070 into the trust water rights program.. Description: Authorizing the placement of water rights banked pursuant to RCW 90.92.070 into the trust water rights program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing the use of nonwood renewable fiber in recycled content paper carryout bags.. Description: Allowing the use of nonwood renewable fiber in recycled content paper carryout bags.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting patients in acute care hospitals.. Description: Protecting patients in acute care hospitals.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Bolstering economic recovery.. Description: Bolstering economic recovery.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting measures to create comprehensive public health districts.. Description: Supporting measures to create comprehensive public health districts.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing language access in public schools.. Description: Increasing language access in public schools.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning sales and use tax for emergency communication systems and facilities.. Description: Concerning sales and use tax for emergency communication systems and facilities.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing housing supply through the growth management act and housing density tax incentives for local governments.. Description: Increasing housing supply through the growth management act and housing density tax incentives for local governments.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the number of fire protection district commissioners.. Description: Concerning the number of fire protection district commissioners.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning health provider contracts.. Description: Concerning health provider contracts.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the requirements for drug take-back programs.. Description: Modifying the requirements for drug take-back programs.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning high school graduation credit and pathway options.. Description: Concerning high school graduation credit and pathway options.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington credit union act.. Description: Concerning the Washington credit union act.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding access to the homeless and foster care college students pilot program.. Description: Expanding access to the homeless and foster care college students pilot program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning Thurston county superior court judges.. Description: Concerning Thurston county superior court judges.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning long-term forest health and the reduction of wildfire dangers.. Description: Concerning long-term forest health and the reduction of wildfire dangers.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning sentencing enhancements.. Description: Concerning sentencing enhancements.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Building economic strength through manufacturing.. Description: Building economic strength through manufacturing.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Amending child support income withholding provisions to comply with federal child support program requirements.. Description: Amending child support income withholding provisions to comply with federal child support program requirements.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing judicially affirmed and treaty-reserved fishing rights and promoting state-tribal cooperative agreements in the management of salmon, trout, and steelhead resources.. Description: Recognizing judicially affirmed and treaty-reserved fishing rights and promoting state-tribal cooperative agreements in the management of salmon, trout, and steelhead resources.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state lands development authorities.. Description: Concerning state lands development authorities.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing a property tax exemption for real property used as a host home associated with a host home program.. Description: Providing a property tax exemption for real property used as a host home associated with a host home program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning access to higher education.. Description: Concerning access to higher education.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing programs and measures to prevent suicide among veterans and military members.. Description: Establishing programs and measures to prevent suicide among veterans and military members.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating the home sharing support grant program.. Description: Creating the home sharing support grant program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning risk-based water quality standards for on-site nonpotable water systems.. Description: Concerning risk-based water quality standards for on-site nonpotable water systems.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning juvenile rehabilitation.. Description: Concerning juvenile rehabilitation.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing tax increment financing for local governments.. Description: Authorizing tax increment financing for local governments.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Making technical corrections and removing obsolete language from the Revised Code of Washington pursuant to RCW 1.08.025.. Description: Making technical corrections and removing obsolete language from the Revised Code of Washington pursuant to RCW 1.08.025.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Affirming the process for disposing of dredged materials for federal navigation channel maintenance and improvement.. Description: Affirming the process for disposing of dredged materials for federal navigation channel maintenance and improvement.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Strengthening parent-child visitation during child welfare proceedings.. Description: Strengthening parent-child visitation during child welfare proceedings.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning audio-only telemedicine.. Description: Concerning audio-only telemedicine.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning health care decisions made by a designated person.. Description: Concerning health care decisions made by a designated person.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the state commercial aviation coordinating commission.. Description: Concerning the state commercial aviation coordinating commission.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing compensation to department of natural resources lessees whose leases are terminated for reasons other than default.. Description: Providing compensation to department of natural resources lessees whose leases are terminated for reasons other than default.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting temporary workers.. Description: Protecting temporary workers.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving access to department of licensing issued documents by extending the issuance period of driver licenses and identicards to eight years, allowing online issuance and renewal of instruction permits, and expanding online renewal of driver licenses and identicards.. Description: Improving access to department of licensing issued documents by extending the issuance period of driver licenses and identicards to eight years, allowing online issuance and renewal of instruction permits, and expanding online renewal of driver licenses and identicards.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the learning assistance program.. Description: Modifying the learning assistance program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning immunity protection for nonmedical assistance.. Description: Concerning immunity protection for nonmedical assistance.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Replacing the term "marijuana" with the term "cannabis" throughout the Revised Code of Washington.. Description: Replacing the term "marijuana" with the term "cannabis" throughout the Revised Code of Washington.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding accessible, affordable child care and early childhood development programs.. Description: Expanding accessible, affordable child care and early childhood development programs.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing K-12 public school safety and security services by classified staff or contractors.. Description: Providing K-12 public school safety and security services by classified staff or contractors.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning urban and community forestry.. Description: Concerning urban and community forestry.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving health, safety, and quality of life for residents in long-term care facilities.. Description: Improving health, safety, and quality of life for residents in long-term care facilities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the appointment of counsel for youth in dependency court proceedings.. Description: Concerning the appointment of counsel for youth in dependency court proceedings.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting emergency shelters and housing through local planning and development regulations.. Description: Supporting emergency shelters and housing through local planning and development regulations.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Standardizing homelessness definitions.. Description: Standardizing homelessness definitions.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Enacting the uniform electronic recordation of custodial interrogations act.. Description: Enacting the uniform electronic recordation of custodial interrogations act.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning school-based health centers.. Description: Concerning school-based health centers.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting the rights of families responding to allegations of abuse or neglect of a child.. Description: Protecting the rights of families responding to allegations of abuse or neglect of a child.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Planning for affordable housing under the growth management act.. Description: Planning for affordable housing under the growth management act.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting residential tenants from the beginning to end of their tenancies by penalizing the inclusion of unlawful lease provisions and limiting the reasons for eviction, refusal to continue, and termination.. Description: Protecting residential tenants from the beginning to end of their tenancies by penalizing the inclusion of unlawful lease provisions and limiting the reasons for eviction, refusal to continue, and termination.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Defining family resource centers.. Description: Defining family resource centers.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Planning under the growth management act.. Description: Planning under the growth management act.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Designating Washington a purple heart state.. Description: Designating Washington a purple heart state.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the authorization of wheeled all-terrain vehicles on state highways.. Description: Concerning the authorization of wheeled all-terrain vehicles on state highways.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the operation, authorization, and permitting of microenterprise home kitchens.. Description: Concerning the operation, authorization, and permitting of microenterprise home kitchens.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding public contracting opportunities for women and minority business enterprises by increasing the regulatory oversight and accountability of the office of minority and women's business enterprises.. Description: Expanding public contracting opportunities for women and minority business enterprises by increasing the regulatory oversight and accountability of the office of minority and women's business enterprises.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning investigation of potential criminal conduct arising from police use of force, including custodial injuries, and other officer-involved incidents.. Description: Concerning investigation of potential criminal conduct arising from police use of force, including custodial injuries, and other officer-involved incidents.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing motor vehicle transporter license plates.. Description: Addressing motor vehicle transporter license plates.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring continuity of operations in the offices of county elected officials during the current COVID-19 pandemic and future public health crises.. Description: Ensuring continuity of operations in the offices of county elected officials during the current COVID-19 pandemic and future public health crises.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning health system transparency.. Description: Concerning health system transparency.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning menstrual products in schools.. Description: Concerning menstrual products in schools.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for certain emergency medical services personnel to work in diversion centers.. Description: Providing for certain emergency medical services personnel to work in diversion centers.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for an additional revenue source for eviction prevention and housing stability services.. Description: Providing for an additional revenue source for eviction prevention and housing stability services.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the Washington main street program tax incentive to respond to the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Modifying the Washington main street program tax incentive to respond to the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning greenhouse gas emissions reductions in the design of public facilities.. Description: Concerning greenhouse gas emissions reductions in the design of public facilities.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the psychology interjurisdictional compact.. Description: Adopting the psychology interjurisdictional compact.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning preparedness for a zero emissions transportation future.. Description: Concerning preparedness for a zero emissions transportation future.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning winery workforce development.. Description: Concerning winery workforce development.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing misdemeanant supervision services by limited jurisdiction courts.. Description: Addressing misdemeanant supervision services by limited jurisdiction courts.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing public education to youth in or released from institutional education facilities.. Description: Providing public education to youth in or released from institutional education facilities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing a business and occupation tax preference for behavioral health administrative services organizations.. Description: Providing a business and occupation tax preference for behavioral health administrative services organizations.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning working families tax exemption.. Description: Concerning working families tax exemption.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing expanded options for fare enforcement by regional transit authorities.. Description: Providing expanded options for fare enforcement by regional transit authorities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning college in the high school programs.. Description: Concerning college in the high school programs.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the dates of certification of levies.. Description: Concerning the dates of certification of levies.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning permissible uses of force by law enforcement and correctional officers.. Description: Concerning permissible uses of force by law enforcement and correctional officers.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing the issuance of substance use disorder professional certifications to persons participating in apprenticeship programs.. Description: Authorizing the issuance of substance use disorder professional certifications to persons participating in apprenticeship programs.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning veteran diversion from involuntary commitment.. Description: Concerning veteran diversion from involuntary commitment.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a task force to identify the role of the workplace in helping curb domestic violence.. Description: Creating a task force to identify the role of the workplace in helping curb domestic violence.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the hospital safety net assessment.. Description: Concerning the hospital safety net assessment.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Modernizing, harmonizing, and improving the efficacy and accessibility of laws concerning civil protection orders.. Description: Modernizing, harmonizing, and improving the efficacy and accessibility of laws concerning civil protection orders.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing off-road vehicle and snowmobile registration enforcement.. Description: Addressing off-road vehicle and snowmobile registration enforcement.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the long-term services and supports trust program.. Description: Concerning the long-term services and supports trust program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing policies related to children and youth behavioral health.. Description: Implementing policies related to children and youth behavioral health.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning coroners and medical examiners.. Description: Concerning coroners and medical examiners.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Exempting information gathered for controlling diseases from public inspecting requirements.. Description: Exempting information gathered for controlling diseases from public inspecting requirements.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning public meeting accessibility and participation.. Description: Concerning public meeting accessibility and participation.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing a retail sales and use tax exemption for the purchase of electric bicycles and related cycling equipment.. Description: Providing a retail sales and use tax exemption for the purchase of electric bicycles and related cycling equipment.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning early learning facility impact fees.. Description: Concerning early learning facility impact fees.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning property tax deferral during the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Concerning property tax deferral during the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing an extension to the local sales and use tax for public facilities in rural counties.. Description: Providing an extension to the local sales and use tax for public facilities in rural counties.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning review and property owner notification of recorded documents with unlawful racial restrictions.. Description: Concerning review and property owner notification of recorded documents with unlawful racial restrictions.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating and expanding unrestricted authority for public entities to provide telecommunications services to end users.. Description: Creating and expanding unrestricted authority for public entities to provide telecommunications services to end users.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating lunch copays for students who qualify for reduced-price lunches.. Description: Eliminating lunch copays for students who qualify for reduced-price lunches.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing medical assistance to incarcerated persons.. Description: Providing medical assistance to incarcerated persons.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning noxious weeds.. Description: Concerning noxious weeds.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the inappropriate use of Native American names, symbols, or images as public school mascots, logos, or team names.. Description: Prohibiting the inappropriate use of Native American names, symbols, or images as public school mascots, logos, or team names.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning voters' pamphlets for overseas and service voters.. Description: Concerning voters' pamphlets for overseas and service voters.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing liquor license fees temporarily.. Description: Reducing liquor license fees temporarily.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing secondary trauma in the K-12 workforce.. Description: Addressing secondary trauma in the K-12 workforce.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Procuring and supporting appropriate computers and devices for public school students and instructional staff.. Description: Procuring and supporting appropriate computers and devices for public school students and instructional staff.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Revising 2019-2021 fiscal biennium appropriations of state and federal funding for previously implemented medicaid rates and other medicaid expenditures in the developmental disabilities and long-term care programs in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Revising 2019-2021 fiscal biennium appropriations of state and federal funding for previously implemented medicaid rates and other medicaid expenditures in the developmental disabilities and long-term care programs in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Responding to the COVID-19 pandemic through state actions supported by federal funding.. Description: Responding to the COVID-19 pandemic through state actions supported by federal funding.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning grants for early learning facilities.. Description: Concerning grants for early learning facilities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Replacing the Marcus Whitman statue in the national statuary hall collection with a statue of Billy Frank Jr.. Description: Replacing the Marcus Whitman statue in the national statuary hall collection with a statue of Billy Frank Jr.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting student access to information about behavioral health resources.. Description: Promoting student access to information about behavioral health resources.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning registration of land titles.. Description: Concerning registration of land titles.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning security deposit waiver fees.. Description: Concerning security deposit waiver fees.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the supervision of medical assistants.. Description: Concerning the supervision of medical assistants.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing an unpiloted aircraft system state coordinator and program funding source.. Description: Establishing an unpiloted aircraft system state coordinator and program funding source.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Streamlining the environmental permitting process for salmon recovery projects.. Description: Streamlining the environmental permitting process for salmon recovery projects.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning respiratory care practitioners.. Description: Concerning respiratory care practitioners.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the property tax exemption for the value of new construction of industrial/manufacturing facilities in targeted urban areas.. Description: Modifying the property tax exemption for the value of new construction of industrial/manufacturing facilities in targeted urban areas.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning transportation.. Description: Concerning transportation.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning prime contractor bidding submission requirements on public works contracts.. Description: Concerning prime contractor bidding submission requirements on public works contracts.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Delaying certain implementation dates for the photovoltaic module stewardship and takeback program.. Description: Delaying certain implementation dates for the photovoltaic module stewardship and takeback program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing barriers to professional licensure for individuals with previous criminal convictions.. Description: Reducing barriers to professional licensure for individuals with previous criminal convictions.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting taxpayers from home foreclosure.. Description: Protecting taxpayers from home foreclosure.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding health care workforce eligibility.. Description: Expanding health care workforce eligibility.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning legal financial obligations.. Description: Concerning legal financial obligations.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the reporting of debt information by insurers to enhance the collection of past-due child support.. Description: Concerning the reporting of debt information by insurers to enhance the collection of past-due child support.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Enhancing rail safety governance by expanding the role of the utilities and transportation commission.. Description: Enhancing rail safety governance by expanding the role of the utilities and transportation commission.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning smoke management civil enforcement.. Description: Concerning smoke management civil enforcement.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning consumer protection with respect to the sale of dogs and cats.. Description: Concerning consumer protection with respect to the sale of dogs and cats.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding scholarships for community and technical college students.. Description: Expanding scholarships for community and technical college students.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Specifying minimum continuing education requirements for administrator and teacher certificate renewals that focus on equity-based school and classroom practices.. Description: Specifying minimum continuing education requirements for administrator and teacher certificate renewals that focus on equity-based school and classroom practices.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the duration of state upland leases for lands managed by the department of natural resources.. Description: Concerning the duration of state upland leases for lands managed by the department of natural resources.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning a vessel crewmember license.. Description: Concerning a vessel crewmember license.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Facilitating the installation of broadband facilities on limited access highways.. Description: Facilitating the installation of broadband facilities on limited access highways.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding eligibility for property tax exemptions for service-connected disabled veterans and senior citizens by modifying income thresholds for eligibility to allow deductions for common health care-related expenses.. Description: Expanding eligibility for property tax exemptions for service-connected disabled veterans and senior citizens by modifying income thresholds for eligibility to allow deductions for common health care-related expenses.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning social equity within the cannabis industry.. Description: Concerning social equity within the cannabis industry.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the definition of compounding for purposes of the practice of pharmacy.. Description: Concerning the definition of compounding for purposes of the practice of pharmacy.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting a utility from being assessed a penalty for not meeting its biennial acquisition target for cost-effective conservation in special circumstances outside the utility's control.. Description: Prohibiting a utility from being assessed a penalty for not meeting its biennial acquisition target for cost-effective conservation in special circumstances outside the utility's control.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning voters' pamphlets.. Description: Concerning voters' pamphlets.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the use of social security numbers by the department of labor and industries and the employment security department.. Description: Concerning the use of social security numbers by the department of labor and industries and the employment security department.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning enhanced raffle procedures.. Description: Concerning enhanced raffle procedures.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning community preservation and development authorities.. Description: Concerning community preservation and development authorities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding a graduate student to the student achievement council.. Description: Adding a graduate student to the student achievement council.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing enrollment declines due to the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Addressing enrollment declines due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing the national 988 system to enhance and expand behavioral health crisis response and suicide prevention services.. Description: Implementing the national 988 system to enhance and expand behavioral health crisis response and suicide prevention services.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning fish habitat enhancement projects authorized pursuant to RCW 77.55.181.. Description: Concerning fish habitat enhancement projects authorized pursuant to RCW 77.55.181.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending certain privileges granted to liquor licensees to mitigate the impact of the coronavirus pandemic.. Description: Extending certain privileges granted to liquor licensees to mitigate the impact of the coronavirus pandemic.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing foreclosure protections for homeowners in common interest communities.. Description: Addressing foreclosure protections for homeowners in common interest communities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the statewide first responder building mapping information system.. Description: Concerning the statewide first responder building mapping information system.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the rights-of-way for the transport of timber, minerals, stone, sand, gravel, or other valuable materials.. Description: Concerning the rights-of-way for the transport of timber, minerals, stone, sand, gravel, or other valuable materials.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning extended benefits in the unemployment insurance system.. Description: Concerning extended benefits in the unemployment insurance system.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning job search monitoring.. Description: Concerning job search monitoring.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning commercial telephone solicitation.. Description: Concerning commercial telephone solicitation.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the procurement and design of electric ferries by counties.. Description: Concerning the procurement and design of electric ferries by counties.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the workforce education investment act.. Description: Modifying the workforce education investment act.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the sanitary control of shellfish.. Description: Concerning the sanitary control of shellfish.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing an exemption from certain highway use requirements by nonemergency medical transportation vehicles.. Description: Establishing an exemption from certain highway use requirements by nonemergency medical transportation vehicles.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning lodging-related assessments under chapter 35.87A RCW.. Description: Concerning lodging-related assessments under chapter 35.87A RCW.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing transportation demand management.. Description: Addressing transportation demand management.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning environmental standards of paper products for printers and copiers that are purchased by the state, for state agencies.. Description: Concerning environmental standards of paper products for printers and copiers that are purchased by the state, for state agencies.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting warehousing and manufacturing job centers.. Description: Supporting warehousing and manufacturing job centers.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning enforcement of judgments.. Description: Concerning enforcement of judgments.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying requirements in order to pay for debt service obligations when toll revenues are not sufficient to cover legal obligations.. Description: Modifying requirements in order to pay for debt service obligations when toll revenues are not sufficient to cover legal obligations.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating Washington wine special license plates.. Description: Creating Washington wine special license plates.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning court filing fees.. Description: Concerning court filing fees.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning allowable uses for the multiuse roadway safety account.. Description: Concerning allowable uses for the multiuse roadway safety account.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning protections and services for indigenous persons who are missing, murdered, or survivors of human trafficking.. Description: Concerning protections and services for indigenous persons who are missing, murdered, or survivors of human trafficking.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Making technical cross-reference corrections in statutes governing unemployment insurance.. Description: Making technical cross-reference corrections in statutes governing unemployment insurance.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning enrollment stabilization funding to address enrollment declines due to the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Concerning enrollment stabilization funding to address enrollment declines due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding the landlord mitigation program to alleviate the financial burden on victims attempting to flee domestic violence, sexual assault, unlawful harassment, or stalking.. Description: Expanding the landlord mitigation program to alleviate the financial burden on victims attempting to flee domestic violence, sexual assault, unlawful harassment, or stalking.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Advancing equity in programs for highly capable students.. Description: Advancing equity in programs for highly capable students.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning shared reporting responsibilities for both the paid family and medical leave and the long-term services and supports trust programs to clarify that information collected from employer reports shall remain private.. Description: Concerning shared reporting responsibilities for both the paid family and medical leave and the long-term services and supports trust programs to clarify that information collected from employer reports shall remain private.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the sale of cosmetics tested on animals.. Description: Concerning the sale of cosmetics tested on animals.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the charity care act.. Description: Concerning the charity care act.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Aligning state and school holidays.. Description: Aligning state and school holidays.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning appliance efficiency standards.. Description: Concerning appliance efficiency standards.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing the response to extreme weather events.. Description: Addressing the response to extreme weather events.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the availability of sexual assault nurse examiner education in rural and underserved areas.. Description: Increasing the availability of sexual assault nurse examiner education in rural and underserved areas.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Specifying that space force reserve members who are officers or employees of the state of Washington or of any county, city, or other political subdivision have access to a period of paid military leave of absence from employment.. Description: Specifying that space force reserve members who are officers or employees of the state of Washington or of any county, city, or other political subdivision have access to a period of paid military leave of absence from employment.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating the authority for the fish and wildlife commission to adopt rules implementing electronic licensing practices.. Description: Updating the authority for the fish and wildlife commission to adopt rules implementing electronic licensing practices.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning a comprehensive study of aerial imaging technology uses for state agencies, special purpose districts, and local and tribal governments.. Description: Concerning a comprehensive study of aerial imaging technology uses for state agencies, special purpose districts, and local and tribal governments.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing restrictions on the possession of weapons in certain locations.. Description: Establishing restrictions on the possession of weapons in certain locations.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Restoring the business and occupation and public utility tax exemption for custom farming and hauling farm products.. Description: Restoring the business and occupation and public utility tax exemption for custom farming and hauling farm products.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying the method for determining the value of specified tangible personal property incorporated as part of certain public infrastructure for the purposes of use tax and business and occupation tax.. Description: Clarifying the method for determining the value of specified tangible personal property incorporated as part of certain public infrastructure for the purposes of use tax and business and occupation tax.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning disability benefits in the public safety employees' retirement system.. Description: Concerning disability benefits in the public safety employees' retirement system.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning broadband infrastructure loans and grants made by the public works board.. Description: Concerning broadband infrastructure loans and grants made by the public works board.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting a manufacturer of certain dialysate and dialysis devices used by home dialysis patients or a manufacturer's agent from the pharmacy practices act and legend drug act.. Description: Exempting a manufacturer of certain dialysate and dialysis devices used by home dialysis patients or a manufacturer's agent from the pharmacy practices act and legend drug act.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning public health and fluoridation of drinking water.. Description: Concerning public health and fluoridation of drinking water.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting consumers from charges for out-of-network health care services, by aligning state law and the federal no surprises act and addressing coverage of treatment for emergency conditions.. Description: Protecting consumers from charges for out-of-network health care services, by aligning state law and the federal no surprises act and addressing coverage of treatment for emergency conditions.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting biomarker testing from prior authorization for patients with late stage cancer.. Description: Exempting biomarker testing from prior authorization for patients with late stage cancer.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning financial responsibility requirements related to oil spills.. Description: Concerning financial responsibility requirements related to oil spills.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning logistical processes for the regulation of priority chemicals in consumer products.. Description: Concerning logistical processes for the regulation of priority chemicals in consumer products.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Permitting individuals retired from the public employees retirement system, the teachers retirement system, and the school employees retirement system additional opportunities to work for a school district for up to 1,040 hours per school year while in receipt of pension benefits until July 1, 2025.. Description: Permitting individuals retired from the public employees retirement system, the teachers retirement system, and the school employees retirement system additional opportunities to work for a school district for up to 1,040 hours per school year while in receipt of pension benefits until July 1, 2025.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning sustainable funding for the derelict vessel removal account using the vessel watercraft excise tax.. Description: Concerning sustainable funding for the derelict vessel removal account using the vessel watercraft excise tax.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning law enforcement officers' and firefighters' retirement system benefits.. Description: Concerning law enforcement officers' and firefighters' retirement system benefits.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Modernizing the statewide 911 emergency communications system.. Description: Modernizing the statewide 911 emergency communications system.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning ghost guns.. Description: Concerning ghost guns.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning truck drivers ability to access restroom facilities.. Description: Concerning truck drivers ability to access restroom facilities.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Closing the digital equity divide by increasing the accessibility and affordability of telecommunications services, devices, and training.. Description: Closing the digital equity divide by increasing the accessibility and affordability of telecommunications services, devices, and training.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring oversight and coordination of permanent supportive housing resources to maximize the creation of high quality housing opportunities for people living with disabling conditions in communities across Washington.. Description: Ensuring oversight and coordination of permanent supportive housing resources to maximize the creation of high quality housing opportunities for people living with disabling conditions in communities across Washington.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the creation of an endangered missing person advisory designation for missing indigenous persons.. Description: Concerning the creation of an endangered missing person advisory designation for missing indigenous persons.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Reauthorizing and amending dates for the total cost of insulin work group.. Description: Reauthorizing and amending dates for the total cost of insulin work group.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Delaying the implementation of the long-term services and supports trust program by 18 months.. Description: Delaying the implementation of the long-term services and supports trust program by 18 months.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing voluntary exemptions to the long-term services and supports trust program for certain populations.. Description: Establishing voluntary exemptions to the long-term services and supports trust program for certain populations.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the standard for use of force by peace officers.. Description: Modifying the standard for use of force by peace officers.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a state student loan program.. Description: Establishing a state student loan program.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Changing the total amount of outstanding indebtedness of the Washington state housing finance commission.. Description: Changing the total amount of outstanding indebtedness of the Washington state housing finance commission.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Modernizing hospital policies related to pathogens of epidemiological concern.. Description: Modernizing hospital policies related to pathogens of epidemiological concern.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning collaborative arrangements between institutions of higher education and nonprofit private entities that provide comprehensive cancer care.. Description: Concerning collaborative arrangements between institutions of higher education and nonprofit private entities that provide comprehensive cancer care.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Updating the 2015 report and recommendations for supporting student success through measuring and mitigating community risk and protective predictors since the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Updating the 2015 report and recommendations for supporting student success through measuring and mitigating community risk and protective predictors since the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting relative placements in child welfare proceedings.. Description: Supporting relative placements in child welfare proceedings.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning aged, blind, or disabled program eligibility for victims of human trafficking.. Description: Concerning aged, blind, or disabled program eligibility for victims of human trafficking.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning hazing prevention and reduction at institutions of higher education.. Description: Concerning hazing prevention and reduction at institutions of higher education.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding a Roth option to deferred compensation plans.. Description: Adding a Roth option to deferred compensation plans.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning tribal consultation regarding the use of certain funding authorized by the climate commitment act.. Description: Concerning tribal consultation regarding the use of certain funding authorized by the climate commitment act.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning temporary assistance for needy families time limit extensions during times of high unemployment.. Description: Concerning temporary assistance for needy families time limit extensions during times of high unemployment.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requiring school districts and other public education entities to make information from the department of health about substance use trends, overdose symptoms and response, and the secure storage of prescription drugs, over-the-counter medications, and firearms and ammunition, available through their websites and other communication resources.. Description: Requiring school districts and other public education entities to make information from the department of health about substance use trends, overdose symptoms and response, and the secure storage of prescription drugs, over-the-counter medications, and firearms and ammunition, available through their websites and other communication resources.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing nurses to dispense opioid overdose reversal medication in the emergency department.. Description: Allowing nurses to dispense opioid overdose reversal medication in the emergency department.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring the ongoing sustainability and vitality of the Washington health benefit exchange by eliminating the expiration date of its business and occupation tax exemption.. Description: Ensuring the ongoing sustainability and vitality of the Washington health benefit exchange by eliminating the expiration date of its business and occupation tax exemption.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating definitions applicable to energy conservation projects involving public entities.. Description: Updating definitions applicable to energy conservation projects involving public entities.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning community municipal corporations.. Description: Concerning community municipal corporations.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Strengthening energy codes.. Description: Strengthening energy codes.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning assisted outpatient treatment for persons with behavioral health disorders.. Description: Concerning assisted outpatient treatment for persons with behavioral health disorders.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring policies addressing surgical smoke.. Description: Requiring policies addressing surgical smoke.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning organic materials management.. Description: Concerning organic materials management.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning workforce education investment accountability and oversight board staffing changes.. Description: Concerning workforce education investment accountability and oversight board staffing changes.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing an exception to the requirement that vehicle license plates be visible at all times for vehicles using certain cargo carrying devices.. Description: Establishing an exception to the requirement that vehicle license plates be visible at all times for vehicles using certain cargo carrying devices.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the minimum monthly salary paid to Washington state patrol troopers and sergeants.. Description: Concerning the minimum monthly salary paid to Washington state patrol troopers and sergeants.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a property tax exemption for adult family homes serving people with intellectual or developmental disabilities and owned by a nonprofit.. Description: Establishing a property tax exemption for adult family homes serving people with intellectual or developmental disabilities and owned by a nonprofit.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the creation, display, and material durability of temporary license plates.. Description: Addressing the creation, display, and material durability of temporary license plates.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning electric vehicle charging stations in common interest communities.. Description: Concerning electric vehicle charging stations in common interest communities.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring an employer to reimburse employee fees when a paycheck is dishonored by nonacceptance or nonpayment.. Description: Requiring an employer to reimburse employee fees when a paycheck is dishonored by nonacceptance or nonpayment.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting nondisclosure and nondisparagement provisions from employers regarding illegal acts of discrimination, harassment, retaliation, wage and hour violations, and sexual assault.. Description: Prohibiting nondisclosure and nondisparagement provisions from employers regarding illegal acts of discrimination, harassment, retaliation, wage and hour violations, and sexual assault.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning powers of the legislative committee on economic development and international relations.. Description: Concerning powers of the legislative committee on economic development and international relations.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning interruptive military service credit for members of the state retirement systems.. Description: Concerning interruptive military service credit for members of the state retirement systems.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the opportunity scholarship program.. Description: Concerning the opportunity scholarship program.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning pupil transportation funding.. Description: Concerning pupil transportation funding.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Modernizing the energy facility site evaluation council to meet the state's clean energy goals.. Description: Modernizing the energy facility site evaluation council to meet the state's clean energy goals.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning freedom of pharmacy choice.. Description: Concerning freedom of pharmacy choice.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding equitable access to the benefits of renewable energy through community solar projects.. Description: Expanding equitable access to the benefits of renewable energy through community solar projects.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Deterring catalytic converter theft.. Description: Deterring catalytic converter theft.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting successful reentry and rehabilitation of persons convicted of criminal offenses.. Description: Promoting successful reentry and rehabilitation of persons convicted of criminal offenses.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the definition of established relationship for purposes of audio-only telemedicine.. Description: Concerning the definition of established relationship for purposes of audio-only telemedicine.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning continuity of judicial operations in single judge courts.. Description: Concerning continuity of judicial operations in single judge courts.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating the community reinvestment account and community reinvestment program.. Description: Creating the community reinvestment account and community reinvestment program.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning code city form of government elections and city manager appointment.. Description: Concerning code city form of government elections and city manager appointment.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing an electronic option for the submission of household income information required for participation in school meals and programs.. Description: Establishing an electronic option for the submission of household income information required for participation in school meals and programs.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning student excused absences for mental health reasons.. Description: Concerning student excused absences for mental health reasons.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating outreach and completion initiatives to increase postsecondary enrollment.. Description: Creating outreach and completion initiatives to increase postsecondary enrollment.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Restoring the state's ability to address work-related musculoskeletal injuries.. Description: Restoring the state's ability to address work-related musculoskeletal injuries.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Incentivizing rental of accessory dwelling units to low-income households.. Description: Incentivizing rental of accessory dwelling units to low-income households.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing a tax preference for rural and nonrural data centers.. Description: Providing a tax preference for rural and nonrural data centers.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Preserving a pregnant individual's ability to access abortion care.. Description: Preserving a pregnant individual's ability to access abortion care.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning language requirements for prescription drug labels.. Description: Concerning language requirements for prescription drug labels.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning quality standards for laboratories conducting cannabis analysis.. Description: Concerning quality standards for laboratories conducting cannabis analysis.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Preventing homelessness among persons discharging from inpatient behavioral health settings.. Description: Preventing homelessness among persons discharging from inpatient behavioral health settings.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing the behavioral health workforce shortage and expanding access to peer services by creating the profession of certified peer specialists.. Description: Addressing the behavioral health workforce shortage and expanding access to peer services by creating the profession of certified peer specialists.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Assisting persons receiving community support services through medical assistance programs to receive supportive housing.. Description: Assisting persons receiving community support services through medical assistance programs to receive supportive housing.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning dual credit program data.. Description: Concerning dual credit program data.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Improving worker safety and patient care in health care facilities by addressing staffing needs, overtime, meal and rest breaks, and enforcement.. Description: Improving worker safety and patient care in health care facilities by addressing staffing needs, overtime, meal and rest breaks, and enforcement.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing barriers to professional licensure for individuals with previous arrests or criminal convictions.. Description: Reducing barriers to professional licensure for individuals with previous arrests or criminal convictions.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning public investment impact disclosures for certain ballot measures that repeal, levy, or modify any tax or fee and have a fiscal impact statement that shows that adoption of the measure would cause a net change in state revenue.. Description: Concerning public investment impact disclosures for certain ballot measures that repeal, levy, or modify any tax or fee and have a fiscal impact statement that shows that adoption of the measure would cause a net change in state revenue.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing expired certifications for certain health professions.. Description: Addressing expired certifications for certain health professions.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing public school participation in the community eligibility provision of the United States department of agriculture.. Description: Increasing public school participation in the community eligibility provision of the United States department of agriculture.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a new health profession for birth doulas.. Description: Creating a new health profession for birth doulas.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing the department of revenue to adjust the rates of remittance reductions in the working families' tax credit in order to align with federal maximum qualifying income levels.. Description: Allowing the department of revenue to adjust the rates of remittance reductions in the working families' tax credit in order to align with federal maximum qualifying income levels.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the children and youth behavioral health work group.. Description: Concerning the children and youth behavioral health work group.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing emergency medical technicians to provide medical evaluation, testing, and vaccines outside of an emergency in response to a public health agency request.. Description: Allowing emergency medical technicians to provide medical evaluation, testing, and vaccines outside of an emergency in response to a public health agency request.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the period for juvenile diversion agreements.. Description: Concerning the period for juvenile diversion agreements.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning confidentiality of certain data shared with the department of financial institutions.. Description: Concerning confidentiality of certain data shared with the department of financial institutions.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating laws concerning civil protection orders to further enhance and improve their efficacy and accessibility.. Description: Updating laws concerning civil protection orders to further enhance and improve their efficacy and accessibility.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing an exception to the process for reopening a workers' compensation claim when the claimant submits a reopening application in a timely manner.. Description: Providing an exception to the process for reopening a workers' compensation claim when the claimant submits a reopening application in a timely manner.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing homelessness for youth and young adults discharging from a publicly funded system of care.. Description: Reducing homelessness for youth and young adults discharging from a publicly funded system of care.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning scholarship displacement in postsecondary institutions' gift equity packaging policies.. Description: Concerning scholarship displacement in postsecondary institutions' gift equity packaging policies.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating and expanding the motion picture competitiveness program.. Description: Updating and expanding the motion picture competitiveness program.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Reducing emissions from outdoor power equipment.. Description: Reducing emissions from outdoor power equipment.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the valuation of property related to renewable energy for the purposes of property tax and providing for a payment in lieu of taxes for renewable energy facilities.. Description: Concerning the valuation of property related to renewable energy for the purposes of property tax and providing for a payment in lieu of taxes for renewable energy facilities.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Changing the expiration date for the sales and use tax exemption of hog fuel to comply with the 2045 deadline for fossil fuel-free electrical generation in Washington state and to protect jobs with health care and retirement benefits in economically distressed communities.. Description: Changing the expiration date for the sales and use tax exemption of hog fuel to comply with the 2045 deadline for fossil fuel-free electrical generation in Washington state and to protect jobs with health care and retirement benefits in economically distressed communities.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating leave provisions for legislative service.. Description: Creating leave provisions for legislative service.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning equine industry support.. Description: Concerning equine industry support.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning license renewals for cosmetologists, hair designers, barbers, manicurists, and estheticians.. Description: Concerning license renewals for cosmetologists, hair designers, barbers, manicurists, and estheticians.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Sustaining hydropower license fees.. Description: Sustaining hydropower license fees.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing tribal governments to participate in exchange agreements without certain restrictions.. Description: Allowing tribal governments to participate in exchange agreements without certain restrictions.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the outdoor school for all program.. Description: Establishing the outdoor school for all program.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting active shooter scenarios for school safety-related drills.. Description: Prohibiting active shooter scenarios for school safety-related drills.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the provision of the paraeducator fundamental course of study.. Description: Concerning the provision of the paraeducator fundamental course of study.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting sensitive voter information on ballot return envelopes, ballot declarations, and signature correction forms from public disclosure.. Description: Exempting sensitive voter information on ballot return envelopes, ballot declarations, and signature correction forms from public disclosure.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating uniformity in education requirements for students who are the subject of a dependency proceeding.. Description: Creating uniformity in education requirements for students who are the subject of a dependency proceeding.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting from public disclosure sensitive records pertaining to current and formerly incarcerated individuals' dignity and safety.. Description: Exempting from public disclosure sensitive records pertaining to current and formerly incarcerated individuals' dignity and safety.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a small business disaster recovery financial assistance program.. Description: Establishing a small business disaster recovery financial assistance program.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Accelerating rural job growth and promoting economic recovery across Washington through a shovel-ready site certification program and grants.. Description: Accelerating rural job growth and promoting economic recovery across Washington through a shovel-ready site certification program and grants.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the authority of the courts to waive auditor's fees for filing and recording name change orders.. Description: Concerning the authority of the courts to waive auditor's fees for filing and recording name change orders.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the decommissioning of alternative energy facilities.. Description: Concerning the decommissioning of alternative energy facilities.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning property tax exemptions for nonprofits.. Description: Concerning property tax exemptions for nonprofits.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the recording of school board meetings.. Description: Concerning the recording of school board meetings.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Moving state board of education and educational service district elections to the Washington state school directors' association.. Description: Moving state board of education and educational service district elections to the Washington state school directors' association.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning property management services provided to housing authority properties.. Description: Concerning property management services provided to housing authority properties.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning shoreline master program review schedules.. Description: Concerning shoreline master program review schedules.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Removing the prohibition on providing employment services and community access services concurrently.. Description: Removing the prohibition on providing employment services and community access services concurrently.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying the applicability of penalty and interest on personal property taxes.. Description: Clarifying the applicability of penalty and interest on personal property taxes.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting privacy of addresses related to vehicle registration certificates.. Description: Protecting privacy of addresses related to vehicle registration certificates.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning tax deferrals for investment projects in clean technology manufacturing, clean alternative fuels production, and renewable energy storage.. Description: Concerning tax deferrals for investment projects in clean technology manufacturing, clean alternative fuels production, and renewable energy storage.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning a sales and use tax deferral for projects to improve the state route number 167 and Interstate 405 corridor.. Description: Concerning a sales and use tax deferral for projects to improve the state route number 167 and Interstate 405 corridor.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding the ability to build tiny houses.. Description: Expanding the ability to build tiny houses.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a nurse educator loan repayment program under the Washington health corps.. Description: Establishing a nurse educator loan repayment program under the Washington health corps.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating the use of intelligence quotient scores in determining eligibility for programs and services for individuals with developmental disabilities.. Description: Eliminating the use of intelligence quotient scores in determining eligibility for programs and services for individuals with developmental disabilities.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Eliminating unnecessary homeless funding budget and auditing requirements.. Description: Eliminating unnecessary homeless funding budget and auditing requirements.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a three-day shop local and save sales and use tax holiday to benefit all Washington families for certain items $1,000 or less during the month of September.. Description: Creating a three-day shop local and save sales and use tax holiday to benefit all Washington families for certain items $1,000 or less during the month of September.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing educational and training opportunities for careers in retail.. Description: Increasing educational and training opportunities for careers in retail.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning a sales and use tax deferral for projects to improve the state route number 520 corridor.. Description: Concerning a sales and use tax deferral for projects to improve the state route number 520 corridor.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning safety measures for fire department vehicles and other vehicles using lights or other signals in emergency or work zones.. Description: Concerning safety measures for fire department vehicles and other vehicles using lights or other signals in emergency or work zones.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning juvenile records.. Description: Concerning juvenile records.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the standard for use of force by peace officers.. Description: Modifying the standard for use of force by peace officers.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the protection of critical constituent and state operational data against the financial and personal harm caused by ransomware and other malicious cyber activities.. Description: Concerning the protection of critical constituent and state operational data against the financial and personal harm caused by ransomware and other malicious cyber activities.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning ethics in public service rules governing certain legislative activity.. Description: Concerning ethics in public service rules governing certain legislative activity.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Repealing requirements for parent payment of the cost of their child's support, treatment, and confinement.. Description: Repealing requirements for parent payment of the cost of their child's support, treatment, and confinement.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing short-term disaster recovery financial assistance to agricultural producers.. Description: Providing short-term disaster recovery financial assistance to agricultural producers.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Strengthening diversity, equity, and inclusion in the state patrol workforce.. Description: Strengthening diversity, equity, and inclusion in the state patrol workforce.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning rights and obligations of transportation network company drivers and transportation network companies.. Description: Concerning rights and obligations of transportation network company drivers and transportation network companies.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the preservation and protection of facilities owned by the state parks and recreation commission that are listed on the Washington heritage register or the national register of historic places.. Description: Concerning the preservation and protection of facilities owned by the state parks and recreation commission that are listed on the Washington heritage register or the national register of historic places.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning real estate agency law, but only to clarify that the statutory duties of real estate brokers apply to all parties and prohibiting the delivery of buyer unfair practice letters to the seller of residential real estate.. Description: Concerning real estate agency law, but only to clarify that the statutory duties of real estate brokers apply to all parties and prohibiting the delivery of buyer unfair practice letters to the seller of residential real estate.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding permanently affordable housing to the definition of public improvements.. Description: Adding permanently affordable housing to the definition of public improvements.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning security deposits and damages arising out of residential tenancies.. Description: Concerning security deposits and damages arising out of residential tenancies.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the imagination library of Washington program.. Description: Creating the imagination library of Washington program.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the state capitol committee as an advisory entity of state government.. Description: Establishing the state capitol committee as an advisory entity of state government.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning fees collected from out-of-state residents who register off-road vehicles in Washington.. Description: Concerning fees collected from out-of-state residents who register off-road vehicles in Washington.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the working families' tax exemption, also known as the working families tax credit.. Description: Concerning the working families' tax exemption, also known as the working families tax credit.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Changing the definition of first-time home buyer.. Description: Changing the definition of first-time home buyer.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the interest rate for the low-income home rehabilitation revolving loan program.. Description: Modifying the interest rate for the low-income home rehabilitation revolving loan program.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving tax administration by waiving penalties and imposing interest in certain situations involving delayed tax payments, and by extending a statute of limitations period for certain egregious tax crimes.. Description: Improving tax administration by waiving penalties and imposing interest in certain situations involving delayed tax payments, and by extending a statute of limitations period for certain egregious tax crimes.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning extending collective bargaining to legislative employees.. Description: Concerning extending collective bargaining to legislative employees.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicle pilot sales and use tax exemption program.. Description: Creating a hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicle pilot sales and use tax exemption program.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the state auditor's duties and procedures.. Description: Addressing the state auditor's duties and procedures.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Enacting the living donor act.. Description: Enacting the living donor act.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing a tax exemption for medical marijuana patients.. Description: Providing a tax exemption for medical marijuana patients.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning business corporations.. Description: Concerning business corporations.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the business and occupation tax exemption for amounts received as credits against contracts with or funds provided by the Bonneville power administration and used for low-income ratepayer assistance and weatherization.. Description: Extending the business and occupation tax exemption for amounts received as credits against contracts with or funds provided by the Bonneville power administration and used for low-income ratepayer assistance and weatherization.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Enacting the uniform public expression protection act.. Description: Enacting the uniform public expression protection act.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing electronic meetings and notice provisions for common interest communities, condominiums, and homeowners' associations.. Description: Addressing electronic meetings and notice provisions for common interest communities, condominiums, and homeowners' associations.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning local redistricting deadlines.. Description: Concerning local redistricting deadlines.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning fraudulent portrayal of ballot drop boxes.. Description: Concerning fraudulent portrayal of ballot drop boxes.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning tracked and wheeled all-terrain vehicles.. Description: Concerning tracked and wheeled all-terrain vehicles.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning acupuncture and Eastern medicine.. Description: Concerning acupuncture and Eastern medicine.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the recording standards commission.. Description: Concerning the recording standards commission.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the effect of expenditure reduction efforts on retirement benefits for public employees, including those participating in the shared work program.. Description: Concerning the effect of expenditure reduction efforts on retirement benefits for public employees, including those participating in the shared work program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the management of certain materials to support recycling and waste and litter reduction.. Description: Concerning the management of certain materials to support recycling and waste and litter reduction.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the consumer protection improvement act.. Description: Concerning the consumer protection improvement act.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning moneys available to a port district allocated for the purchase of zero and near zero emissions cargo handling equipment.. Description: Concerning moneys available to a port district allocated for the purchase of zero and near zero emissions cargo handling equipment.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning closed captioning on televisions in places of public accommodation.. Description: Concerning closed captioning on televisions in places of public accommodation.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Developing comprehensive school counseling programs.. Description: Developing comprehensive school counseling programs.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning a community aviation revitalization loan program.. Description: Concerning a community aviation revitalization loan program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the reauthorization and improvements to alternative public works contracting procedures.. Description: Concerning the reauthorization and improvements to alternative public works contracting procedures.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning nonprofit corporations.. Description: Concerning nonprofit corporations.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning offender scoring of drug offenses.. Description: Concerning offender scoring of drug offenses.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning conditional commutation by the clemency and pardons board.. Description: Concerning conditional commutation by the clemency and pardons board.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the open carry of certain weapons at public demonstrations and the state capitol.. Description: Prohibiting the open carry of certain weapons at public demonstrations and the state capitol.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Enhancing litter control along state highways.. Description: Enhancing litter control along state highways.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the effective date of certain actions taken under the growth management act.. Description: Concerning the effective date of certain actions taken under the growth management act.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing housing to school district employees.. Description: Providing housing to school district employees.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning professional learning, equity, cultural competency, and dismantling institutional racism in the public school system.. Description: Concerning professional learning, equity, cultural competency, and dismantling institutional racism in the public school system.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a state meat and poultry inspection program.. Description: Establishing a state meat and poultry inspection program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning workers' compensation claim resolution settlement agreements.. Description: Concerning workers' compensation claim resolution settlement agreements.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning reinsurance agreements.. Description: Concerning reinsurance agreements.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state oversight and accountability of peace officers and corrections officers.. Description: Concerning state oversight and accountability of peace officers and corrections officers.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the creation of health equity zones.. Description: Concerning the creation of health equity zones.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning impaired driving.. Description: Concerning impaired driving.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning law enforcement personnel collective bargaining.. Description: Concerning law enforcement personnel collective bargaining.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Making technical changes to certain natural resources-related accounts.. Description: Making technical changes to certain natural resources-related accounts.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning unemployment insurance.. Description: Concerning unemployment insurance.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the management, oversight, and use of data.. Description: Concerning the management, oversight, and use of data.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the expiration date of the invasive species council.. Description: Concerning the expiration date of the invasive species council.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Safeguarding the public safety by protecting railroad workers.. Description: Safeguarding the public safety by protecting railroad workers.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning a peace officer's duty to intervene.. Description: Concerning a peace officer's duty to intervene.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving maternal health outcomes by extending coverage during the postpartum period.. Description: Improving maternal health outcomes by extending coverage during the postpartum period.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating transition teams to assist specified persons under civil commitment.. Description: Creating transition teams to assist specified persons under civil commitment.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning involuntary commitment.. Description: Concerning involuntary commitment.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing safe station pilot programs.. Description: Establishing safe station pilot programs.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing authority to licensed companies to allow licensed mortgage loan originators to work from their residences without the company licensing the residence as a branch office of the company.. Description: Providing authority to licensed companies to allow licensed mortgage loan originators to work from their residences without the company licensing the residence as a branch office of the company.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing firearm safety measures to increase public safety.. Description: Addressing firearm safety measures to increase public safety.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing flexibility in the distribution and use of local funds dedicated to facilities used for youth educational programming.. Description: Providing flexibility in the distribution and use of local funds dedicated to facilities used for youth educational programming.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Reestablishing the productivity board.. Description: Reestablishing the productivity board.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the capital budget.. Description: Concerning the capital budget.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state general obligation bonds and related accounts.. Description: Concerning state general obligation bonds and related accounts.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying certain alternative fuel vehicles fees.. Description: Modifying certain alternative fuel vehicles fees.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Making 2021-2023 fiscal biennium operating appropriations.. Description: Making 2021-2023 fiscal biennium operating appropriations.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning an excise tax on gains from the sale or exchange of certain capital assets.. Description: Concerning an excise tax on gains from the sale or exchange of certain capital assets.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding coverage of the paid family and medical leave program.. Description: Expanding coverage of the paid family and medical leave program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing tribal representation on the emergency management council.. Description: Establishing tribal representation on the emergency management council.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning municipal access to local financial services.. Description: Concerning municipal access to local financial services.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing health emergency labor standards.. Description: Establishing health emergency labor standards.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting successful reentry.. Description: Supporting successful reentry.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning individuals in custody.. Description: Concerning individuals in custody.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding eligibility for the graduated reentry program.. Description: Expanding eligibility for the graduated reentry program.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the jurisdiction of juvenile court.. Description: Concerning the jurisdiction of juvenile court.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the practice of colon hydrotherapy.. Description: Concerning the practice of colon hydrotherapy.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Affirming the process for disposing of dredged materials for federal navigation channel maintenance and improvement.. Description: Affirming the process for disposing of dredged materials for federal navigation channel maintenance and improvement.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington climate commitment act.. Description: Concerning the Washington climate commitment act.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning courthouse facility dogs.. Description: Concerning courthouse facility dogs.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning student transportation funding during a local, state, or national emergency.. Description: Concerning student transportation funding during a local, state, or national emergency.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the interbranch advisory committee.. Description: Creating the interbranch advisory committee.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning county clerks duties related to recall petitions.. Description: Concerning county clerks duties related to recall petitions.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning trusts and estates.. Description: Concerning trusts and estates.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the definition of confidential employee for the purposes of state collective bargaining.. Description: Concerning the definition of confidential employee for the purposes of state collective bargaining.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning unlawfully summoning a police officer.. Description: Concerning unlawfully summoning a police officer.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting pregnancy and miscarriage-related patient care.. Description: Protecting pregnancy and miscarriage-related patient care.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing the recommendations of the environmental justice task force.. Description: Implementing the recommendations of the environmental justice task force.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the prevention of seabed mining of hard minerals.. Description: Concerning the prevention of seabed mining of hard minerals.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing the fish and wildlife commission to indemnify the federal government as a condition of securing certain funds.. Description: Authorizing the fish and wildlife commission to indemnify the federal government as a condition of securing certain funds.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the harassment of election officials.. Description: Concerning the harassment of election officials.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Designating a state nickname.. Description: Designating a state nickname.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning foster care and child care licensing by the department of children, youth, and families.. Description: Concerning foster care and child care licensing by the department of children, youth, and families.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Enhancing data stewardship and privacy protections for vehicle and driver data.. Description: Enhancing data stewardship and privacy protections for vehicle and driver data.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning prejudgment interest.. Description: Concerning prejudgment interest.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing incentives to reduce involvement by persons with behavioral disorders in the criminal justice system.. Description: Providing incentives to reduce involvement by persons with behavioral disorders in the criminal justice system.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the utility wildland fire prevention advisory committee.. Description: Concerning the utility wildland fire prevention advisory committee.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning payments in lieu of real property taxes by the department of the fish and wildlife.. Description: Concerning payments in lieu of real property taxes by the department of the fish and wildlife.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing landlord-tenant relations by providing certain tenant protections during and after public health emergencies, providing for legal representation in eviction cases, and authorizing landlord access to state rental assistance programs.. Description: Addressing landlord-tenant relations by providing certain tenant protections during and after public health emergencies, providing for legal representation in eviction cases, and authorizing landlord access to state rental assistance programs.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the placement and treatment of conditionally released sexually violent predators.. Description: Concerning the placement and treatment of conditionally released sexually violent predators.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Resentencing of individuals sentenced as a persistent offender due to a robbery in the second degree conviction.. Description: Resentencing of individuals sentenced as a persistent offender due to a robbery in the second degree conviction.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Making transportation appropriations for the 2021-2023 fiscal biennium.. Description: Making transportation appropriations for the 2021-2023 fiscal biennium.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning provider reimbursement for personal protective equipment during the state of emergency related to COVID-19.. Description: Concerning provider reimbursement for personal protective equipment during the state of emergency related to COVID-19.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the retroactivity of overtime claims in exceptional cases.. Description: Concerning the retroactivity of overtime claims in exceptional cases.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating proof of nonmarriage as an element of a sex offense.. Description: Eliminating proof of nonmarriage as an element of a sex offense.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing automatic waivers of select state health care laws to enable timely response by the health care system during a governor-declared statewide state of emergency.. Description: Establishing automatic waivers of select state health care laws to enable timely response by the health care system during a governor-declared statewide state of emergency.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning blood donation.. Description: Concerning blood donation.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Vacating certain convictions.. Description: Vacating certain convictions.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing school districts serving low-income communities with flexibility in financing their facilities.. Description: Providing school districts serving low-income communities with flexibility in financing their facilities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning victims of nonfatal strangulation.. Description: Concerning victims of nonfatal strangulation.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a building point of contact in all K-12 public schools for students in foster care.. Description: Establishing a building point of contact in all K-12 public schools for students in foster care.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning capacity to provide informed consent for health care decisions.. Description: Concerning capacity to provide informed consent for health care decisions.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the creation of the Washington state public bank.. Description: Concerning the creation of the Washington state public bank.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing health care workers with presumptive benefits during a public health emergency.. Description: Providing health care workers with presumptive benefits during a public health emergency.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Regulating unfair business practices and prohibiting predatory price increases during states of emergency.. Description: Regulating unfair business practices and prohibiting predatory price increases during states of emergency.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting access to electric vehicle supply equipment.. Description: Supporting access to electric vehicle supply equipment.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning unemployment insurance claim adjudicators.. Description: Concerning unemployment insurance claim adjudicators.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for equity and access in the community and technical colleges.. Description: Providing for equity and access in the community and technical colleges.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning prescribing opioid overdose reversal medication.. Description: Concerning prescribing opioid overdose reversal medication.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Describing how the legislature may convene a special session.. Description: Describing how the legislature may convene a special session.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Easing ambulance restrictions in rural areas.. Description: Easing ambulance restrictions in rural areas.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning department of natural resources' timber and land sales.. Description: Concerning department of natural resources' timber and land sales.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing school district depreciation subfunds for the purposes of preventative maintenance.. Description: Establishing school district depreciation subfunds for the purposes of preventative maintenance.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Producing, distributing, and purchasing generic prescription drugs.. Description: Producing, distributing, and purchasing generic prescription drugs.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning updates to competency restoration order requirements.. Description: Concerning updates to competency restoration order requirements.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning economic assistance programs.. Description: Concerning economic assistance programs.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the taxation of salmon recovery grants by updating the state business and occupation tax deduction for these grants, creating a sales and use tax exemption for grant proceeds received by recipients of these grants, and clarifying the sales and use tax obligations for goods and services purchased by recipients of these grants.. Description: Concerning the taxation of salmon recovery grants by updating the state business and occupation tax deduction for these grants, creating a sales and use tax exemption for grant proceeds received by recipients of these grants, and clarifying the sales and use tax obligations for goods and services purchased by recipients of these grants.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning direct appeals to the court of appeals of cases brought under the administrative procedure act and the land use petition act.. Description: Concerning direct appeals to the court of appeals of cases brought under the administrative procedure act and the land use petition act.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the suspension of licenses for traffic infractions.. Description: Concerning the suspension of licenses for traffic infractions.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring diversity, equity, inclusion, and antiracism training and assessments at institutions of higher education.. Description: Requiring diversity, equity, inclusion, and antiracism training and assessments at institutions of higher education.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing disproportionate health outcomes by building a foundation of equity in medical training.. Description: Addressing disproportionate health outcomes by building a foundation of equity in medical training.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning health equity continuing education for health care professionals.. Description: Concerning health equity continuing education for health care professionals.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning agreements for allocation of groundwater resulting from bureau of reclamation project operations.. Description: Concerning agreements for allocation of groundwater resulting from bureau of reclamation project operations.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Limiting bonding toll revenues on certain state highway facilities.. Description: Limiting bonding toll revenues on certain state highway facilities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing housing unit inventory by removing arbitrary limits on housing options.. Description: Increasing housing unit inventory by removing arbitrary limits on housing options.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending certificate of need exemptions.. Description: Extending certificate of need exemptions.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding accessible, affordable child care and early childhood development programs.. Description: Expanding accessible, affordable child care and early childhood development programs.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Promoting economic inclusion.. Description: Promoting economic inclusion.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Supporting media literacy and digital citizenship.. Description: Supporting media literacy and digital citizenship.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the safety of crime victims.. Description: Concerning the safety of crime victims.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting mastery-based learning.. Description: Supporting mastery-based learning.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying tax and revenue laws in a manner that is not estimated to affect state or local tax collections, by easing compliance burdens for taxpayers, clarifying ambiguities, making technical corrections, and providing administrative efficiencies.. Description: Modifying tax and revenue laws in a manner that is not estimated to affect state or local tax collections, by easing compliance burdens for taxpayers, clarifying ambiguities, making technical corrections, and providing administrative efficiencies.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning school district consultation with local tribes.. Description: Concerning school district consultation with local tribes.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing the recommendations of the pollinator health task force.. Description: Implementing the recommendations of the pollinator health task force.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the use of protective devices and equipment during a public health emergency.. Description: Concerning the use of protective devices and equipment during a public health emergency.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning consumer directed employers.. Description: Concerning consumer directed employers.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning law enforcement data collection.. Description: Concerning law enforcement data collection.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Broadening the eligibility requirements and extending the expiration date for the data center tax incentive.. Description: Broadening the eligibility requirements and extending the expiration date for the data center tax incentive.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning defenses in personal injury and wrongful death actions where the person injured or killed was committing a felony.. Description: Concerning defenses in personal injury and wrongful death actions where the person injured or killed was committing a felony.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Declaring January as Chinese American history month and encouraging public schools to commemorate the month. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Recognizing contributions of Americans of Chinese descent.). Description: Declaring January as Chinese American history month and encouraging public schools to commemorate the month. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Recognizing contributions of Americans of Chinese descent.)
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a bridge year pilot program.. Description: Creating a bridge year pilot program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring electrical licensing for electrical work associated with flipping property.. Description: Requiring electrical licensing for electrical work associated with flipping property.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Transforming services for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities by increasing the capabilities of community residential settings and redesigning the long-term nature of intermediate care facilities.. Description: Transforming services for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities by increasing the capabilities of community residential settings and redesigning the long-term nature of intermediate care facilities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Amending the necessary elements of proof of injury during the state of emergency declared due to the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Amending the necessary elements of proof of injury during the state of emergency declared due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning temporarily waiving certain liquor and cannabis board annual licensing fees.. Description: Concerning temporarily waiving certain liquor and cannabis board annual licensing fees.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the replacement of shoreline armoring.. Description: Concerning the replacement of shoreline armoring.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Enhancing opportunity in limited areas of more intense rural development.. Description: Enhancing opportunity in limited areas of more intense rural development.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating subminimum wage certificates for persons with disabilities.. Description: Eliminating subminimum wage certificates for persons with disabilities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning affordable housing incentives.. Description: Concerning affordable housing incentives.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing access to the Washington opportunity scholarship program.. Description: Increasing access to the Washington opportunity scholarship program.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the report deadline for the defense community compatibility account.. Description: Concerning the report deadline for the defense community compatibility account.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the use of parks and recreation spaces, trails, and facilities in the design of parks Rx pilot program collaboratively designed with the health care and insurance industry sectors.. Description: Concerning the use of parks and recreation spaces, trails, and facilities in the design of parks Rx pilot program collaboratively designed with the health care and insurance industry sectors.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing mental health sentencing alternatives.. Description: Addressing mental health sentencing alternatives.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the creation of statewide epidemic preparedness and response guidelines for long-term care facilities.. Description: Concerning the creation of statewide epidemic preparedness and response guidelines for long-term care facilities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Transforming the regulation of gas and electrical companies toward multiyear rate plans and performance-based rate making.. Description: Transforming the regulation of gas and electrical companies toward multiyear rate plans and performance-based rate making.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the definition of index for the Washington state patrol retirement system.. Description: Modifying the definition of index for the Washington state patrol retirement system.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing the use of computer science credits for the purpose of graduation requirements.. Description: Allowing the use of computer science credits for the purpose of graduation requirements.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the feeding of garbage to swine.. Description: Prohibiting the feeding of garbage to swine.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting United States food and drug administration nonpublic information from disclosure under the state public disclosure act.. Description: Exempting United States food and drug administration nonpublic information from disclosure under the state public disclosure act.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing reentry services to persons releasing from state and local institutions.. Description: Providing reentry services to persons releasing from state and local institutions.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing a sales and use tax exemption for adult and baby diapers.. Description: Providing a sales and use tax exemption for adult and baby diapers.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Facilitating transit-oriented development and increasing housing inventory.. Description: Facilitating transit-oriented development and increasing housing inventory.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning health insurance discrimination.. Description: Concerning health insurance discrimination.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning captive insurance.. Description: Concerning captive insurance.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning pesticide registration and pesticide licensing fees.. Description: Concerning pesticide registration and pesticide licensing fees.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning fertilizer fees.. Description: Concerning fertilizer fees.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding access to the college bound scholarship.. Description: Expanding access to the college bound scholarship.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting dual enrollment between school employees' benefits board and public employees' benefits board programs.. Description: Prohibiting dual enrollment between school employees' benefits board and public employees' benefits board programs.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning audio-only telemedicine.. Description: Concerning audio-only telemedicine.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a confidential youth safety and well-being tip line.. Description: Creating a confidential youth safety and well-being tip line.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning clubhouses for persons with mental illness.. Description: Concerning clubhouses for persons with mental illness.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Regarding commercial whale watching licenses.. Description: Regarding commercial whale watching licenses.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing an early childhood court program for young children and their families involved or at risk of becoming involved in Washington's child welfare system.. Description: Establishing an early childhood court program for young children and their families involved or at risk of becoming involved in Washington's child welfare system.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying equipment requirements for wheeled all-terrain vehicles.. Description: Clarifying equipment requirements for wheeled all-terrain vehicles.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning fire protection districts and education.. Description: Concerning fire protection districts and education.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing permissible uses of existing local sales tax authority.. Description: Increasing permissible uses of existing local sales tax authority.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning irrigation district elections.. Description: Concerning irrigation district elections.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a statewide industrial waste coordination program.. Description: Establishing a statewide industrial waste coordination program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning member voting methods.. Description: Concerning member voting methods.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Allowing new government employees the option of opting out of retirement system membership if the employee is age sixty or older when first hired, or when the employee's employer opts into retirement plan participation.. Description: Allowing new government employees the option of opting out of retirement system membership if the employee is age sixty or older when first hired, or when the employee's employer opts into retirement plan participation.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a partnership model that facilitates community engagement with law enforcement.. Description: Creating a partnership model that facilitates community engagement with law enforcement.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing traffic control in large cities.. Description: Addressing traffic control in large cities.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing wage liens.. Description: Establishing wage liens.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning prime contractor bidding submission requirements on public works contracts.. Description: Concerning prime contractor bidding submission requirements on public works contracts.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing and making appropriations for the capital broadband investment acceleration program.. Description: Establishing and making appropriations for the capital broadband investment acceleration program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the resentencing of persons convicted of drug offenses.. Description: Concerning the resentencing of persons convicted of drug offenses.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring the funding of agricultural fairs.. Description: Ensuring the funding of agricultural fairs.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Directing the department of retirement systems to create rules regarding automatic refunds of retirement contributions in the retirement systems listed in RCW 41.50.030.. Description: Directing the department of retirement systems to create rules regarding automatic refunds of retirement contributions in the retirement systems listed in RCW 41.50.030.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Encouraging rural economic development.. Description: Encouraging rural economic development.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating mental health advance directive laws.. Description: Updating mental health advance directive laws.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning a hemp processor registration process. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Concerning hemp processor registration and a hemp extract certification. ). Description: Concerning a hemp processor registration process. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Concerning hemp processor registration and a hemp extract certification. )
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting awareness of the governor's office of the education ombuds.. Description: Promoting awareness of the governor's office of the education ombuds.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing affordability of standardized plans on the individual market.. Description: Increasing affordability of standardized plans on the individual market.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning real estate brokers and managing brokers license renewal requirements.. Description: Concerning real estate brokers and managing brokers license renewal requirements.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing fish passage project permit streamlining.. Description: Addressing fish passage project permit streamlining.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing a public utility district to provide retail telecommunications services in unserved areas under certain conditions.. Description: Authorizing a public utility district to provide retail telecommunications services in unserved areas under certain conditions.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning volunteer firefighters.. Description: Concerning volunteer firefighters.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the size of the airport a municipality must control or operate for that municipality to enact minimum labor standards for employees at the airport.. Description: Concerning the size of the airport a municipality must control or operate for that municipality to enact minimum labor standards for employees at the airport.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning use of state resources during periods where state employees are required to work from home.. Description: Concerning use of state resources during periods where state employees are required to work from home.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding the sales and use tax exemption for farmworker housing.. Description: Expanding the sales and use tax exemption for farmworker housing.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the creation of a universal health care commission.. Description: Concerning the creation of a universal health care commission.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing community and technical colleges to offer bachelor degrees in computer science.. Description: Authorizing community and technical colleges to offer bachelor degrees in computer science.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the interagency, multijurisdictional system improvement team.. Description: Concerning the interagency, multijurisdictional system improvement team.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Instructing the joint legislative audit and review committee to perform racial equity analyses.. Description: Instructing the joint legislative audit and review committee to perform racial equity analyses.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing compensation for tow truck operators for keeping the public roadways clear.. Description: Providing compensation for tow truck operators for keeping the public roadways clear.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the homestead exemption.. Description: Concerning the homestead exemption.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a programmatic safe harbor agreement on forestlands for northern spotted owls.. Description: Establishing a programmatic safe harbor agreement on forestlands for northern spotted owls.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Extending certain privileges granted to liquor licensees to mitigate the impact of the coronavirus pandemic.. Description: Extending certain privileges granted to liquor licensees to mitigate the impact of the coronavirus pandemic.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning telemedicine consultations.. Description: Concerning telemedicine consultations.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning extended benefits in the unemployment insurance system.. Description: Concerning extended benefits in the unemployment insurance system.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the application of the state environmental policy act to temporary shelters and transitional encampments. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Concerning the application of the state environmental policy act to temporary shelters and transitional encampments to provide clarity and predictability to jurisdictions about categorical exemptions for temporary shelters and transitional encampments.). Description: Concerning the application of the state environmental policy act to temporary shelters and transitional encampments. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Concerning the application of the state environmental policy act to temporary shelters and transitional encampments to provide clarity and predictability to jurisdictions about categorical exemptions for temporary shelters and transitional encampments.)
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the advanced college tuition payment program.. Description: Concerning the advanced college tuition payment program.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the Rosa Franklin legislative internship program scholarship.. Description: Creating the Rosa Franklin legislative internship program scholarship.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning cybersecurity and data sharing in Washington state government.. Description: Concerning cybersecurity and data sharing in Washington state government.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Facilitating the coordinated installation of broadband along state highways.. Description: Facilitating the coordinated installation of broadband along state highways.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning informed consent for breast implant surgery.. Description: Concerning informed consent for breast implant surgery.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning electric-assisted bicycles.. Description: Concerning electric-assisted bicycles.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing property tax relief to Washington citizens who lost their homes in the labor day fires. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Creating a property tax exemption for homes damaged by natural disasters. ). Description: Providing property tax relief to Washington citizens who lost their homes in the labor day fires. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Creating a property tax exemption for homes damaged by natural disasters. )
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a business and occupation tax deduction for credit card processing companies.. Description: Creating a business and occupation tax deduction for credit card processing companies.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing recommendations of the autonomous vehicle work group.. Description: Implementing recommendations of the autonomous vehicle work group.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the State v. Blake decision. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Responding to the State v. Blake decision by addressing justice system responses and behavioral health prevention, treatment, and related services. ). Description: Addressing the State v. Blake decision. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Responding to the State v. Blake decision by addressing justice system responses and behavioral health prevention, treatment, and related services. )
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning unemployment insurance relief for certain employers.. Description: Concerning unemployment insurance relief for certain employers.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning small school district consolidation incentives for infrastructure enhancement and modernization.. Description: Concerning small school district consolidation incentives for infrastructure enhancement and modernization.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Completing outstanding financial obligations regarding the Tacoma Narrows toll bridge project.. Description: Completing outstanding financial obligations regarding the Tacoma Narrows toll bridge project.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning business entities.. Description: Concerning business entities.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning health professional monitoring programs.. Description: Concerning health professional monitoring programs.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending voting authority to student members on the state board of education.. Description: Extending voting authority to student members on the state board of education.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Awarding diplomas posthumously.. Description: Awarding diplomas posthumously.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning credentialing of medical assistant-hemodialysis technicians.. Description: Concerning credentialing of medical assistant-hemodialysis technicians.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending current discover pass free days from state parks to all state recreation sites and lands.. Description: Extending current discover pass free days from state parks to all state recreation sites and lands.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Reinstating a property tax exemption for property owned by certain nonprofit organizations where a portion of the property is used for the purpose of a farmers market.. Description: Reinstating a property tax exemption for property owned by certain nonprofit organizations where a portion of the property is used for the purpose of a farmers market.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the appointment process for the chairperson and vice chairperson of the joint administrative rules review committee.. Description: Concerning the appointment process for the chairperson and vice chairperson of the joint administrative rules review committee.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the insurance guaranty fund.. Description: Concerning the insurance guaranty fund.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Exempting fentanyl testing equipment from the definition of drug paraphernalia.. Description: Exempting fentanyl testing equipment from the definition of drug paraphernalia.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning renewal of the sales and use tax for transportation benefit districts.. Description: Concerning renewal of the sales and use tax for transportation benefit districts.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the frequency of county legislative meetings at alternate locations.. Description: Increasing the frequency of county legislative meetings at alternate locations.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the occupational therapy licensure compact.. Description: Concerning the occupational therapy licensure compact.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Replacing an inactive certificate status with an inactive license designation.. Description: Replacing an inactive certificate status with an inactive license designation.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the imposition of additive revenue sources within a regional transit authority area.. Description: Concerning the imposition of additive revenue sources within a regional transit authority area.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning self-directed care.. Description: Concerning self-directed care.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the revised uniform unclaimed property act.. Description: Concerning the revised uniform unclaimed property act.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a prescription drug affordability board.. Description: Establishing a prescription drug affordability board.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state funding for educational service districts.. Description: Concerning state funding for educational service districts.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the Washington blockchain work group.. Description: Establishing the Washington blockchain work group.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning survivor benefits.. Description: Concerning survivor benefits.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning insulin affordability.. Description: Concerning insulin affordability.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the uniform unregulated child custody transfer act.. Description: Concerning the uniform unregulated child custody transfer act.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying miscellaneous provisions impacting department of fish and wildlife licensing requirements.. Description: Modifying miscellaneous provisions impacting department of fish and wildlife licensing requirements.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing data regarding early STEM metrics in the STEM education report card.. Description: Providing data regarding early STEM metrics in the STEM education report card.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning public safety telecommunicators.. Description: Concerning public safety telecommunicators.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the bistate governance of interstate toll bridges owned by local governments.. Description: Concerning the bistate governance of interstate toll bridges owned by local governments.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning procedures for approval and submission of the redistricting plan.. Description: Concerning procedures for approval and submission of the redistricting plan.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the restoration of the right to possess a firearm.. Description: Concerning the restoration of the right to possess a firearm.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting the confidentiality of employees using employee assistance programs.. Description: Protecting the confidentiality of employees using employee assistance programs.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing fire districts and regional fire authorities to carry out certain treasurer functions.. Description: Allowing fire districts and regional fire authorities to carry out certain treasurer functions.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding eligibility for the independent youth housing program.. Description: Expanding eligibility for the independent youth housing program.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Implementing the recommendations of the Washington state internet crimes against children task force.. Description: Implementing the recommendations of the Washington state internet crimes against children task force.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding additional superior court judges in Snohomish county.. Description: Adding additional superior court judges in Snohomish county.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing pupil transportation allocations.. Description: Addressing pupil transportation allocations.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the deadline for a port commission to send new district boundaries to the county auditor when expanding from three commissioners to five.. Description: Concerning the deadline for a port commission to send new district boundaries to the county auditor when expanding from three commissioners to five.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring the adjustment of census data for local redistricting to reflect the last known place of residence for incarcerated persons.. Description: Requiring the adjustment of census data for local redistricting to reflect the last known place of residence for incarcerated persons.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Setting domestic wastewater discharge fees.. Description: Setting domestic wastewater discharge fees.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning statewide spending on primary care.. Description: Concerning statewide spending on primary care.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating the 2022 expiration date of the marine resources advisory council.. Description: Eliminating the 2022 expiration date of the marine resources advisory council.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning urban growth area boundaries.. Description: Concerning urban growth area boundaries.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning public school instruction in awareness of bone marrow donation.. Description: Concerning public school instruction in awareness of bone marrow donation.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Conforming disclosure restrictions for mental health counselors, marriage and family therapists, and social workers to the requirements of the Uniform Health Care Information Act.. Description: Conforming disclosure restrictions for mental health counselors, marriage and family therapists, and social workers to the requirements of the Uniform Health Care Information Act.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington voting rights act.. Description: Concerning the Washington voting rights act.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning journey level electrician certifications of competency.. Description: Concerning journey level electrician certifications of competency.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the sustainability and expansion of state registered apprenticeship programs.. Description: Concerning the sustainability and expansion of state registered apprenticeship programs.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning service providers working with state-regulated financial institutions.. Description: Concerning service providers working with state-regulated financial institutions.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Including individuals in jails and hospitals who were homeless before entering such facilities in the state's annual homeless census.. Description: Including individuals in jails and hospitals who were homeless before entering such facilities in the state's annual homeless census.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Eliminating fingerprinting at juvenile dispositions.. Description: Eliminating fingerprinting at juvenile dispositions.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring cost sharing for prescription drugs to be counted against an enrollee's obligation, regardless of source.. Description: Requiring cost sharing for prescription drugs to be counted against an enrollee's obligation, regardless of source.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring domestic violence victims and survivors of victims have the opportunity to make a statement during sentencing for all domestic violence convictions.. Description: Ensuring domestic violence victims and survivors of victims have the opportunity to make a statement during sentencing for all domestic violence convictions.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the use of dogs to hunt black bear, cougar, or bobcat.. Description: Concerning the use of dogs to hunt black bear, cougar, or bobcat.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Designating pickleball as the official state sport.. Description: Designating pickleball as the official state sport.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning accounts.. Description: Concerning accounts.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning population criteria for designation of local downtown and neighborhood commercial district revitalization and official local main street programs.. Description: Concerning population criteria for designation of local downtown and neighborhood commercial district revitalization and official local main street programs.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Conserving and restoring kelp forests and eelgrass meadows in Washington state.. Description: Conserving and restoring kelp forests and eelgrass meadows in Washington state.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning medicaid expenditures.. Description: Concerning medicaid expenditures.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the expiration date of certain sections of chapter 92, Laws of 2019, regarding livestock identification.. Description: Extending the expiration date of certain sections of chapter 92, Laws of 2019, regarding livestock identification.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adding a climate resilience element to water system plans.. Description: Adding a climate resilience element to water system plans.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning cyber harassment, addressing concerns in the case of Rynearson v. Ferguson, and adding a crime of cyberstalking.. Description: Concerning cyber harassment, addressing concerns in the case of Rynearson v. Ferguson, and adding a crime of cyberstalking.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning control of the disposition of remains.. Description: Concerning control of the disposition of remains.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Making human trafficking a disqualifying offense for a commercial driver's license and coming into compliance with the requirements of the federal motor carrier safety administration.. Description: Making human trafficking a disqualifying offense for a commercial driver's license and coming into compliance with the requirements of the federal motor carrier safety administration.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating the utilities and transportation commission's regulatory fees.. Description: Updating the utilities and transportation commission's regulatory fees.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning expediting approval for applicants for an associate license as a social worker, mental health counselor, or marriage and family therapist.. Description: Concerning expediting approval for applicants for an associate license as a social worker, mental health counselor, or marriage and family therapist.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Promoting local agriculture through greenhouses.. Description: Promoting local agriculture through greenhouses.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Supporting youth development.. Description: Supporting youth development.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning providing quality behavioral health co-response services. Description: Concerning providing quality behavioral health co-response services
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the Washington state paid family and medical leave act.. Description: Modifying the Washington state paid family and medical leave act.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the capital budget.. Description: Concerning the capital budget.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning law enforcement officers' and firefighters' retirement system benefits.. Description: Concerning law enforcement officers' and firefighters' retirement system benefits.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Changing the name of the commission on pesticide registration to the commission on integrated pest management.. Description: Changing the name of the commission on pesticide registration to the commission on integrated pest management.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning firearms on the capitol campus for the sole purpose of organized memorial events.. Description: Concerning firearms on the capitol campus for the sole purpose of organized memorial events.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning computer science instruction in state long-term juvenile institutions.. Description: Concerning computer science instruction in state long-term juvenile institutions.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning intergovernmental coordination to address transitioning persons encamped on state public rights-of-way to permanent housing solutions.. Description: Concerning intergovernmental coordination to address transitioning persons encamped on state public rights-of-way to permanent housing solutions.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning forensic competency restoration programs.. Description: Concerning forensic competency restoration programs.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing a benefit increase to certain retirees of the public employees' retirement system plan 1 and the teachers' retirement system plan 1.. Description: Providing a benefit increase to certain retirees of the public employees' retirement system plan 1 and the teachers' retirement system plan 1.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning energy transformation, nonemitting electric generation, and renewable resource project analysis and declaratory orders.. Description: Concerning energy transformation, nonemitting electric generation, and renewable resource project analysis and declaratory orders.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing certain traffic safety improvements.. Description: Addressing certain traffic safety improvements.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Making supplemental transportation appropriations for the 2021-2023 fiscal biennium.. Description: Making supplemental transportation appropriations for the 2021-2023 fiscal biennium.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning programming at the department of corrections.. Description: Concerning programming at the department of corrections.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Making 2021-2023 fiscal biennium supplemental operating appropriations.. Description: Making 2021-2023 fiscal biennium supplemental operating appropriations.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Indian tribes as among the governmental entities with which the department of corrections may enter into agreements on matters to include the housing of inmates convicted in tribal court.. Description: Recognizing Indian tribes as among the governmental entities with which the department of corrections may enter into agreements on matters to include the housing of inmates convicted in tribal court.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the body scanner pilot program at the department of corrections.. Description: Concerning the body scanner pilot program at the department of corrections.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Determining monthly wages for workers' compensation.. Description: Determining monthly wages for workers' compensation.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring coverage for donor breast milk.. Description: Requiring coverage for donor breast milk.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the use and disclosure of toxic chemicals in cosmetic products.. Description: Concerning the use and disclosure of toxic chemicals in cosmetic products.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Extending additional uses for automated traffic safety cameras for traffic congestion reduction and increased safety.. Description: Extending additional uses for automated traffic safety cameras for traffic congestion reduction and increased safety.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Reducing contamination in the state toxicology laboratory.. Description: Reducing contamination in the state toxicology laboratory.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing a property tax exemption for limited equity cooperative housing.. Description: Providing a property tax exemption for limited equity cooperative housing.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a sales and use tax deferral program for solar canopies placed on large-scale commercial parking lots and other similar areas.. Description: Creating a sales and use tax deferral program for solar canopies placed on large-scale commercial parking lots and other similar areas.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the definition of broadband or broadband service.. Description: Modifying the definition of broadband or broadband service.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing student financial literacy education.. Description: Providing student financial literacy education.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing greenhouse gas emissions in buildings.. Description: Reducing greenhouse gas emissions in buildings.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning improving diversity in clinical trials.. Description: Concerning improving diversity in clinical trials.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning interruptive military service credit for members of the state retirement systems.. Description: Concerning interruptive military service credit for members of the state retirement systems.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the state's portion of civil asset forfeiture collections.. Description: Concerning the state's portion of civil asset forfeiture collections.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a good cause exception to administrative hearing deadlines for applicants or recipients of certain public assistance benefits.. Description: Creating a good cause exception to administrative hearing deadlines for applicants or recipients of certain public assistance benefits.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning partial hospitalizations and intensive outpatient treatment services for minors.. Description: Concerning partial hospitalizations and intensive outpatient treatment services for minors.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating Patches pal special license plates.. Description: Creating Patches pal special license plates.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the personal needs allowance for persons receiving state financed care.. Description: Increasing the personal needs allowance for persons receiving state financed care.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning drought preparedness, response, and funding.. Description: Concerning drought preparedness, response, and funding.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the statewide master oil and hazardous substance spill prevention and contingency plan.. Description: Concerning the statewide master oil and hazardous substance spill prevention and contingency plan.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning disability benefits in the public safety employees' retirement system.. Description: Concerning disability benefits in the public safety employees' retirement system.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning rent payments made by residential tenants.. Description: Concerning rent payments made by residential tenants.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Designating the Washington state leadership board a trustee of the state of Washington.. Description: Designating the Washington state leadership board a trustee of the state of Washington.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing board and commission capacities.. Description: Increasing board and commission capacities.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing certain cities to establish a limited sales and use tax incentive program to encourage redevelopment of vacant lands in urban areas.. Description: Authorizing certain cities to establish a limited sales and use tax incentive program to encourage redevelopment of vacant lands in urban areas.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the semiquincentennial committee.. Description: Establishing the semiquincentennial committee.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning condominium conversions.. Description: Concerning condominium conversions.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning employer requirements for providing wage and salary information to applicants for employment.. Description: Concerning employer requirements for providing wage and salary information to applicants for employment.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating the purple star award.. Description: Creating the purple star award.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating subprevailing wage certificates for individuals with disabilities.. Description: Eliminating subprevailing wage certificates for individuals with disabilities.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning apprenticeships and higher education.. Description: Concerning apprenticeships and higher education.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the practice of midwifery.. Description: Concerning the practice of midwifery.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Including certain residents who do not have a high school diploma or credential and the number of students expected to enroll in basic education for adults courses at community and technical colleges in caseload forecast council forecasting.. Description: Including certain residents who do not have a high school diploma or credential and the number of students expected to enroll in basic education for adults courses at community and technical colleges in caseload forecast council forecasting.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing the current backlog of vehicle inspections.. Description: Addressing the current backlog of vehicle inspections.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning organized retail theft.. Description: Concerning organized retail theft.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the defense community compatibility account.. Description: Concerning the defense community compatibility account.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Reestablishing the underground economy task force.. Description: Reestablishing the underground economy task force.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning transitional food assistance.. Description: Concerning transitional food assistance.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the linked deposit program.. Description: Concerning the linked deposit program.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning guardianship of minors.. Description: Concerning guardianship of minors.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the Washington career and college pathways innovation challenge program.. Description: Creating the Washington career and college pathways innovation challenge program.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Strengthening critical community support services for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities.. Description: Strengthening critical community support services for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning law enforcement officers' and firefighters' retirement system benefits.. Description: Concerning law enforcement officers' and firefighters' retirement system benefits.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning stipends for low-income or underrepresented community members of state boards, commissions, councils, committees, and other similar groups.. Description: Concerning stipends for low-income or underrepresented community members of state boards, commissions, councils, committees, and other similar groups.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning continuity of coverage for prescription drugs prescribed for the treatment of behavioral health conditions.. Description: Concerning continuity of coverage for prescription drugs prescribed for the treatment of behavioral health conditions.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Restructuring cannabis revenue appropriations.. Description: Restructuring cannabis revenue appropriations.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the application of the workforce education investment surcharge to provider clinics and affiliated organizations.. Description: Modifying the application of the workforce education investment surcharge to provider clinics and affiliated organizations.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying tax and revenue laws in a manner that is estimated to not affect state or local tax collections by easing compliance burdens for taxpayers, clarifying ambiguities, making technical corrections, and providing administrative efficiencies.. Description: Modifying tax and revenue laws in a manner that is estimated to not affect state or local tax collections by easing compliance burdens for taxpayers, clarifying ambiguities, making technical corrections, and providing administrative efficiencies.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning attorney and witness fees in industrial insurance court appeals.. Description: Concerning attorney and witness fees in industrial insurance court appeals.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a presumption of liability for wildfires caused by an electric utility's equipment.. Description: Establishing a presumption of liability for wildfires caused by an electric utility's equipment.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Improving behavioral health outcomes by enhancing engagement of state hospitals.. Description: Improving behavioral health outcomes by enhancing engagement of state hospitals.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Including Benton county as a county qualifying for the farm internship program.. Description: Including Benton county as a county qualifying for the farm internship program.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing funding for medical evaluations of suspected victims of child abuse.. Description: Providing funding for medical evaluations of suspected victims of child abuse.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing an identicard program to provide individuals a Washington state-issued identicard.. Description: Implementing an identicard program to provide individuals a Washington state-issued identicard.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Restricting the use of synthetic media in campaigns for elective office.. Description: Restricting the use of synthetic media in campaigns for elective office.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting housing construction in cities through amendments to and limiting appeals under the state environmental policy act and growth management act.. Description: Promoting housing construction in cities through amendments to and limiting appeals under the state environmental policy act and growth management act.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the developmental disabilities administration's no-paid services caseload.. Description: Concerning the developmental disabilities administration's no-paid services caseload.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Evaluating the state's cardiac and stroke emergency response system.. Description: Evaluating the state's cardiac and stroke emergency response system.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing local infrastructure project areas.. Description: Addressing local infrastructure project areas.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a rental and vacant property registration program work group.. Description: Establishing a rental and vacant property registration program work group.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Congratulating Western Governors University.. Description: Congratulating Western Governors University.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding the multifamily tax exemption program to include converting existing multifamily units.. Description: Expanding the multifamily tax exemption program to include converting existing multifamily units.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing a monthly diaper subsidy for parents or other caregivers receiving temporary assistance for needy families.. Description: Providing a monthly diaper subsidy for parents or other caregivers receiving temporary assistance for needy families.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating the crime of interfering with a firefighter or emergency medical services provider.. Description: Creating the crime of interfering with a firefighter or emergency medical services provider.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state laws that address climate change.. Description: Concerning state laws that address climate change.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning work performed by institutions of higher education.. Description: Concerning work performed by institutions of higher education.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing information to public service employees about the public service loan forgiveness program.. Description: Providing information to public service employees about the public service loan forgiveness program.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning licensure for music therapists.. Description: Concerning licensure for music therapists.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning tax incentives.. Description: Concerning tax incentives.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a limited project regarding leasing certain department of transportation property in order to remedy past impacts to historically marginalized populations.. Description: Establishing a limited project regarding leasing certain department of transportation property in order to remedy past impacts to historically marginalized populations.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning ethical performance of faculty duties.. Description: Concerning ethical performance of faculty duties.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the use of campaign funds to reimburse expenses for child care and other caregiving services.. Description: Concerning the use of campaign funds to reimburse expenses for child care and other caregiving services.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning transfers of firearms to museums and historical societies.. Description: Concerning transfers of firearms to museums and historical societies.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning water policy in regions with regulated reductions in aquifer levels.. Description: Concerning water policy in regions with regulated reductions in aquifer levels.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning technical changes to the commercial property assessed clean energy and resiliency program.. Description: Concerning technical changes to the commercial property assessed clean energy and resiliency program.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the removal of vehicles by a regional transit authority when obstructing the operation of high capacity transportation vehicles or jeopardizing public safety.. Description: Concerning the removal of vehicles by a regional transit authority when obstructing the operation of high capacity transportation vehicles or jeopardizing public safety.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning medicaid long-term services and supports eligibility determinations completed by federally recognized Indian tribes.. Description: Concerning medicaid long-term services and supports eligibility determinations completed by federally recognized Indian tribes.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding the use of the rural counties public facilities sales and use tax to include affordable workforce housing.. Description: Expanding the use of the rural counties public facilities sales and use tax to include affordable workforce housing.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning unemployment insurance, family leave, and medical leave premiums.. Description: Concerning unemployment insurance, family leave, and medical leave premiums.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning residency of students affiliated with the military.. Description: Concerning residency of students affiliated with the military.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding employees employed by the department of licensing who are assigned to review, process, approve, and issue driver licenses to the definition of frontline employees under the health emergency labor standards act.. Description: Adding employees employed by the department of licensing who are assigned to review, process, approve, and issue driver licenses to the definition of frontline employees under the health emergency labor standards act.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying visual and performing arts instruction.. Description: Clarifying visual and performing arts instruction.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning fire protection sprinkler system contractors.. Description: Concerning fire protection sprinkler system contractors.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning an unaccompanied homeless youth's ability to provide informed consent for that minor patient's own health care, including nonemergency, outpatient, and primary care services, including physical examinations, vision examinations and eyeglasses, dental examinations, hearing examinations and hearing aids, immunizations, treatments for illnesses and conditions, and routine follow-up care customarily provided by a health care provider in an outpatient setting, excluding elective surgeries.. Description: Concerning an unaccompanied homeless youth's ability to provide informed consent for that minor patient's own health care, including nonemergency, outpatient, and primary care services, including physical examinations, vision examinations and eyeglasses, dental examinations, hearing examinations and hearing aids, immunizations, treatments for illnesses and conditions, and routine follow-up care customarily provided by a health care provider in an outpatient setting, excluding elective surgeries.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing behavioral health support specialists.. Description: Establishing behavioral health support specialists.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning marine shoreline habitat.. Description: Concerning marine shoreline habitat.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating an advisory council on rare diseases.. Description: Creating an advisory council on rare diseases.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying eligibility for the presumption for workers' compensation for all personnel working at a radiological hazardous waste facility.. Description: Clarifying eligibility for the presumption for workers' compensation for all personnel working at a radiological hazardous waste facility.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing pilot projects for utilizing high school student nursing assistant-certified programs to address the nursing workforce shortage and promote nursing careers in rural hospitals.. Description: Establishing pilot projects for utilizing high school student nursing assistant-certified programs to address the nursing workforce shortage and promote nursing careers in rural hospitals.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning timing restrictions for remedial action grants to local government.. Description: Concerning timing restrictions for remedial action grants to local government.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the use of vehicle-related fees to fulfill certain state general obligation bonds.. Description: Concerning the use of vehicle-related fees to fulfill certain state general obligation bonds.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a provisional paramedic or emergency medical technician license.. Description: Creating a provisional paramedic or emergency medical technician license.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning economic development tax incentives for targeted counties.. Description: Concerning economic development tax incentives for targeted counties.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning roadside safety measures and public awareness of emergency vehicles providing roadside assistance.. Description: Concerning roadside safety measures and public awareness of emergency vehicles providing roadside assistance.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning legislative oversight of gubernatorial powers concerning emergency proclamations and unanticipated receipts.. Description: Concerning legislative oversight of gubernatorial powers concerning emergency proclamations and unanticipated receipts.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Accelerating the availability and use of renewable hydrogen in Washington state.. Description: Accelerating the availability and use of renewable hydrogen in Washington state.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Improving health outcomes for children on medicaid.. Description: Improving health outcomes for children on medicaid.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the standard for law enforcement authority to detain or pursue persons. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Concerning the definition of "physical force," "necessary," and "totality of the circumstances," and the standard for law enforcement authority to use physical force and providing the authority for a peace officer to engage in a vehicular pursuit when there is reasonable suspicion a person has violated the law and the officer follows appropriate safety standards.). Description: Concerning the standard for law enforcement authority to detain or pursue persons. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Concerning the definition of "physical force," "necessary," and "totality of the circumstances," and the standard for law enforcement authority to use physical force and providing the authority for a peace officer to engage in a vehicular pursuit when there is reasonable suspicion a person has violated the law and the officer follows appropriate safety standards.)
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning parenting plans.. Description: Concerning parenting plans.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the safety and security of retail cannabis outlets.. Description: Concerning the safety and security of retail cannabis outlets.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Changing the membership of the legislative-executive WorkFirst poverty reduction oversight task force.. Description: Changing the membership of the legislative-executive WorkFirst poverty reduction oversight task force.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning appointment of judges pro tempore in the court of appeals.. Description: Concerning appointment of judges pro tempore in the court of appeals.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a school seismic safety grant program.. Description: Establishing a school seismic safety grant program.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a liquor license endorsement.. Description: Creating a liquor license endorsement.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Enacting the uniform college athlete name, image, or likeness act.. Description: Enacting the uniform college athlete name, image, or likeness act.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Protecting consumers from the discontinuance of the London interbank offered rate.. Description: Protecting consumers from the discontinuance of the London interbank offered rate.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Incentivizing the use of biochar in government contracts.. Description: Incentivizing the use of biochar in government contracts.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning consolidated local permit review processes.. Description: Concerning consolidated local permit review processes.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning extending the expiration date of a statute dealing with wildlife conflict resolution.. Description: Concerning extending the expiration date of a statute dealing with wildlife conflict resolution.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing transportation resources.. Description: Addressing transportation resources.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning additive transportation funding and appropriations.. Description: Concerning additive transportation funding and appropriations.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing substantial and permanent tax relief for small businesses to mitigate structural deficiencies in Washington's business and occupation tax and lessen long-term negative economic consequences of the pandemic that have disproportionately impacted small businesses. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Providing substantial tax relief for small businesses to mitigate structural deficiencies in Washington's business and occupation tax and lessen long-term negative economic consequences of the pandemic that have disproportionately impacted small businesses.). Description: Providing substantial and permanent tax relief for small businesses to mitigate structural deficiencies in Washington's business and occupation tax and lessen long-term negative economic consequences of the pandemic that have disproportionately impacted small businesses. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Providing substantial tax relief for small businesses to mitigate structural deficiencies in Washington's business and occupation tax and lessen long-term negative economic consequences of the pandemic that have disproportionately impacted small businesses.)
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting temporary rules of the House of Representatives.. Description: Adopting temporary rules of the House of Representatives.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King.. Description: Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating Black History Month.. Description: Celebrating Black History Month.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting temporary rules of the House of Representatives.. Description: Adopting temporary rules of the House of Representatives.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating the Lunar New Year.. Description: Celebrating the Lunar New Year.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Presidents' Day.. Description: Recognizing Presidents' Day.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting temporary rules of the House of Representatives.. Description: Adopting temporary rules of the House of Representatives.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Japanese Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.. Description: Honoring Japanese Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the permanent rules of the House of Representatives.. Description: Adopting the permanent rules of the House of Representatives.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring James L. Gaudino.. Description: Honoring James L. Gaudino.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Boys and Girls Clubs in Washington state.. Description: Recognizing the Boys and Girls Clubs in Washington state.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the strong relationship between the people of the state of Washington and the people of Taiwan.. Description: Recognizing the strong relationship between the people of the state of Washington and the people of Taiwan.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Camas High School gymnastics team.. Description: Congratulating the Camas High School gymnastics team.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing and appreciating National Osteoporosis Month.. Description: Recognizing and appreciating National Osteoporosis Month.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Trey Knight.. Description: Honoring Trey Knight.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the service, life, and achievements of Bishop Leo Charles Brown Jr.. Description: Recognizing the service, life, and achievements of Bishop Leo Charles Brown Jr.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Trooper Justin Schaffer.. Description: Honoring Trooper Justin Schaffer.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Daffodil Festival.. Description: Recognizing the Daffodil Festival.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Washington state firefighters.. Description: Honoring Washington state firefighters.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the life of former Washington State Representative John Edward Ahern.. Description: Honoring the life of former Washington State Representative John Edward Ahern.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Washington State Patrol.. Description: Honoring the Washington State Patrol.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the life, work, and sacrifice of Long-Term Care Providers.. Description: Recognizing the life, work, and sacrifice of Long-Term Care Providers.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Norman Wayne Childress.. Description: Recognizing Norman Wayne Childress.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the fallen officers of Washington State.. Description: Honoring the fallen officers of Washington State.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Holocaust Remembrance Day.. Description: Recognizing Holocaust Remembrance Day.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Washington law enforcement officers.. Description: Honoring Washington law enforcement officers.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring 100 years of the profession of physical therapy.. Description: Honoring 100 years of the profession of physical therapy.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Veterans and Veteran Service Organizations.. Description: Recognizing Veterans and Veteran Service Organizations.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the crew of the USS Nimitz.. Description: Honoring the crew of the USS Nimitz.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Cathy Maynard.. Description: Honoring Cathy Maynard.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for the conduct of the House of Representatives during interim periods.. Description: Providing for the conduct of the House of Representatives during interim periods.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring James Lee Hansen.. Description: Honoring James Lee Hansen.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Reverend Doctor Martin Luther King, Junior.. Description: Honoring Reverend Doctor Martin Luther King, Junior.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating The Evergreen State College.. Description: Celebrating The Evergreen State College.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Dr. John Utendale.. Description: Honoring Dr. John Utendale.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring India's Republic Day.. Description: Honoring India's Republic Day.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Washington National Guard.. Description: Honoring the Washington National Guard.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing TED Awareness Week.. Description: Recognizing TED Awareness Week.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Acknowledging the lunar new year.. Description: Acknowledging the lunar new year.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Commemorating Data Privacy Day.. Description: Commemorating Data Privacy Day.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Daffodil Festival, its organizers, and its royal court.. Description: Recognizing the Daffodil Festival, its organizers, and its royal court.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating Black History Month.. Description: Celebrating Black History Month.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Japanese Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.. Description: Honoring Japanese Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Encouraging awareness of Tardive Dyskinesia.. Description: Encouraging awareness of Tardive Dyskinesia.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing April as National Donate Life Month.. Description: Recognizing April as National Donate Life Month.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Presidents.. Description: Honoring Presidents.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the parents and families of Washington state's students.. Description: Honoring the parents and families of Washington state's students.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Mark L. Doumit.. Description: Honoring Mark L. Doumit.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the partnership between the people of Taiwan and the people of Washington state.. Description: Recognizing the partnership between the people of Taiwan and the people of Washington state.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Charles "Chuck" Meacham.. Description: Honoring Charles "Chuck" Meacham.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring patients and families affected by PANDAS/PANS.. Description: Honoring patients and families affected by PANDAS/PANS.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Planters Day celebration.. Description: Recognizing the Planters Day celebration.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Jan Yoshiwara.. Description: Honoring Jan Yoshiwara.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating animal therapy.. Description: Celebrating animal therapy.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Commemorating St. Patrick's Day.. Description: Commemorating St. Patrick's Day.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring women in the military.. Description: Honoring women in the military.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Ester Wilfong.. Description: Honoring Ester Wilfong.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Ukrainian Americans.. Description: Recognizing Ukrainian Americans.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring law enforcement officers who have fallen in the line of duty.. Description: Honoring law enforcement officers who have fallen in the line of duty.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Cooper Douglas Kupp.. Description: Recognizing Cooper Douglas Kupp.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and work of Simon Kogan.. Description: Honoring the life and work of Simon Kogan.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Bruce Morris Smith.. Description: Honoring Bruce Morris Smith.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring crime victims.. Description: Honoring crime victims.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Representative Dufault's record of public service.. Description: Recognizing Representative Dufault's record of public service.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for House business during interim.. Description: Providing for House business during interim.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Representative Kirby.. Description: Honoring Representative Kirby.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Acknowledging Representative Laurie Dolan.. Description: Acknowledging Representative Laurie Dolan.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating Representative Mike Sells.. Description: Celebrating Representative Mike Sells.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Representative Jesse Johnson.. Description: Honoring Representative Jesse Johnson.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Representative Dufault's record of public service.. Description: Recognizing Representative Dufault's record of public service.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Representative Sullivan.. Description: Honoring Representative Sullivan.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the permanent rules of the senate.. Description: Adopting the permanent rules of the senate.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the senate's emergency parliamentary rules of the sixty-seventh legislature.. Description: Adopting the senate's emergency parliamentary rules of the sixty-seventh legislature.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the activities of the Women in Cloud organization.. Description: Recognizing the activities of the Women in Cloud organization.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.. Description: Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Henrietta Lacks.. Description: Honoring Henrietta Lacks.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring future educators.. Description: Honoring future educators.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the advancement of civil rights during the reconstruction era.. Description: Recognizing the advancement of civil rights during the reconstruction era.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Japanese Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.. Description: Honoring Japanese Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Betty Peace-Gladstone.. Description: Honoring Betty Peace-Gladstone.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating the Lunar New Year.. Description: Celebrating the Lunar New Year.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Washington State Senate honor, respect, and value the contributions of our AAPI residents, seek to reduce the risk of harm or threat, stand in support of our communities as they heal, and express compassion and kindness for our residents, and to protect their right to justice.. Description: Recognizing the Washington State Senate honor, respect, and value the contributions of our AAPI residents, seek to reduce the risk of harm or threat, stand in support of our communities as they heal, and express compassion and kindness for our residents, and to protect their right to justice.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Steve K. Houle.. Description: Honoring Steve K. Houle.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the strong relationship between the people of the state of Washington and the people of Taiwan.. Description: Recognizing the strong relationship between the people of the state of Washington and the people of Taiwan.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington kids in transition group.. Description: Concerning the Washington kids in transition group.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Bill Wills.. Description: Honoring Bill Wills.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Dr. James L. Gaudino.. Description: Honoring Dr. James L. Gaudino.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the contributions made to Washington state by the Daffodil Festival, its organizers, and its royal court for the past 88 years.. Description: Recognizing the contributions made to Washington state by the Daffodil Festival, its organizers, and its royal court for the past 88 years.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing March as Multiple System Atrophy Awareness Month.. Description: Recognizing March as Multiple System Atrophy Awareness Month.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Dr. Michelle Reid.. Description: Honoring Dr. Michelle Reid.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Boundless Washington Fellows on World Health Day.. Description: Honoring the Boundless Washington Fellows on World Health Day.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing April as National Donate Life Month.. Description: Recognizing April as National Donate Life Month.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Remembering David Ward.. Description: Remembering David Ward.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Senator John McCoy and the contributions he made to the state and the people during his 17 years of service in the legislature.. Description: Recognizing Senator John McCoy and the contributions he made to the state and the people during his 17 years of service in the legislature.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring and congratulating the Gonzaga University men's basketball team.. Description: Honoring and congratulating the Gonzaga University men's basketball team.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the nonviolent protest of Indian farmers and farm laborers.. Description: Honoring the nonviolent protest of Indian farmers and farm laborers.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Paull Shin.. Description: Honoring Paull Shin.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Congolese Integration Network.. Description: Honoring the Congolese Integration Network.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Al Bauer, Jr.. Description: Honoring Al Bauer, Jr.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for Senate business during interim.. Description: Providing for Senate business during interim.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Amending Senate Resolution 8601 regarding the adoption of emergency parliamentary rules.. Description: Amending Senate Resolution 8601 regarding the adoption of emergency parliamentary rules.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Amending the permanent rules of the Senate.. Description: Amending the permanent rules of the Senate.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Calling attention to Sickle Cell Awareness Week.. Description: Calling attention to Sickle Cell Awareness Week.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Brad Hendrickson.. Description: Honoring Brad Hendrickson.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.. Description: Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Celebrating The Evergreen State College.. Description: Celebrating The Evergreen State College.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the "Women in Cloud" organization.. Description: Honoring the "Women in Cloud" organization.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the life of Senator Doug Ericksen and his legislative accomplishments.. Description: Honoring the life of Senator Doug Ericksen and his legislative accomplishments.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Acknowledging the lunar new year.. Description: Acknowledging the lunar new year.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the contributions made to Washington state by the Daffodil Festival, its organizers, and its royal court.. Description: Recognizing the contributions made to Washington state by the Daffodil Festival, its organizers, and its royal court.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Washington state commercial fishing fleet.. Description: Honoring the Washington state commercial fishing fleet.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Shree Saini, Miss World America.. Description: Honoring Shree Saini, Miss World America.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Wishing the Sikh American community a joyous year.. Description: Wishing the Sikh American community a joyous year.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Dr. Bill Schillinger.. Description: Honoring Dr. Bill Schillinger.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing April as National Donate Life Month.. Description: Recognizing April as National Donate Life Month.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Phyllis Little-Epamynondas.. Description: Honoring Phyllis Little-Epamynondas.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Vickie Kennedy.. Description: Honoring Vickie Kennedy.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Japanese Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.. Description: Honoring Japanese Americans who suffered relocation and internment during World War II.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the New Orleans lynching and Italian heritage.. Description: Recognizing the New Orleans lynching and Italian heritage.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Congolese Integration Network.. Description: Honoring the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Congolese Integration Network.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Commemorating the bicentennial of Liberia.. Description: Commemorating the bicentennial of Liberia.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring women in the military.. Description: Honoring women in the military.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting a strong relationship with Taiwan.. Description: Promoting a strong relationship with Taiwan.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Jan Yoshiwara.. Description: Honoring Jan Yoshiwara.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Cooper Kupp.. Description: Honoring Cooper Kupp.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring injured Whatcom County sheriff deputies.. Description: Honoring injured Whatcom County sheriff deputies.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Resolving to combat antisemitism.. Description: Resolving to combat antisemitism.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Jennifer Gregerson.. Description: Honoring Jennifer Gregerson.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing Cole Baerlocher.. Description: Recognizing Cole Baerlocher.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Remembering the surviving children of Indian Boarding Schools.. Description: Remembering the surviving children of Indian Boarding Schools.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing and supporting Ukrainian Americans.. Description: Recognizing and supporting Ukrainian Americans.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring Brian Sims.. Description: Honoring Brian Sims.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for Senate business during interim.. Description: Providing for Senate business during interim.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting joint rules.. Description: Adopting joint rules.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Convening Joint Sessions of the Legislature for the purposes of canvassing the vote of Constitutional elective state officers as required by Article III, section 4 of the state Constitution and receiving the Inaugural Address of Governor Jay Inslee.. Description: Convening Joint Sessions of the Legislature for the purposes of canvassing the vote of Constitutional elective state officers as required by Article III, section 4 of the state Constitution and receiving the Inaugural Address of Governor Jay Inslee.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Returning bills to their house of origin.. Description: Returning bills to their house of origin.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Adjourning SINE DIE.. Description: Adjourning SINE DIE.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Specifying the status of bills, resolutions, and memorials.. Description: Specifying the status of bills, resolutions, and memorials.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Meeting in Joint Session to receive the Governor's State of the State Address.. Description: Meeting in Joint Session to receive the Governor's State of the State Address.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Amending the redistricting plan for state legislative and congressional districts.. Description: Amending the redistricting plan for state legislative and congressional districts.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning school notifications.. Description: Concerning school notifications.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing cutoff dates for the consideration of legislation during the 2021 regular session of the sixty-seventh legislature.. Description: Establishing cutoff dates for the consideration of legislation during the 2021 regular session of the sixty-seventh legislature.
In 2021, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending certain gubernatorial orders issued in response to the COVID-19 state of emergency.. Description: Extending certain gubernatorial orders issued in response to the COVID-19 state of emergency.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing cutoff dates for the consideration of legislation during the 2022 regular session of the sixty-seventh legislature.. Description: Establishing cutoff dates for the consideration of legislation during the 2022 regular session of the sixty-seventh legislature.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Returning bills to their house of origin.. Description: Returning bills to their house of origin.
In 2022, Washington passed a bill titled: Adjourning SINE DIE.. Description: Adjourning SINE DIE.
In 2021, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing "de-risking" by financial institutions.. Description: Addressing "de-risking" by financial institutions.
In 2022, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning a national infrastructure bank.. Description: Concerning a national infrastructure bank.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning service contract providers.. Description: Concerning service contract providers.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the offense of rape in the third degree.. Description: Modifying the offense of rape in the third degree.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing the state auditor's duties and procedures.. Description: Addressing the state auditor's duties and procedures.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the disposition of forfeited firearms by the Washington state patrol.. Description: Concerning the disposition of forfeited firearms by the Washington state patrol.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding proximity to working forests to the residential real estate disclosure statement.. Description: Adding proximity to working forests to the residential real estate disclosure statement.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the use of child passenger restraint systems.. Description: Concerning the use of child passenger restraint systems.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning financial responsibility of motorcycle operators.. Description: Concerning financial responsibility of motorcycle operators.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning hospital notification of availability of sexual assault evidence kit collection.. Description: Concerning hospital notification of availability of sexual assault evidence kit collection.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the qualifications of members composing the county road administration board.. Description: Modifying the qualifications of members composing the county road administration board.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing certain adult family homes to increase capacity to eight beds.. Description: Allowing certain adult family homes to increase capacity to eight beds.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning breed-based dog regulations.. Description: Concerning breed-based dog regulations.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the types of off-road vehicles subject to local government regulation.. Description: Modifying the types of off-road vehicles subject to local government regulation.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning relocation assistance for manufactured/mobile home park tenants.. Description: Concerning relocation assistance for manufactured/mobile home park tenants.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a soju endorsement to certain restaurant licenses.. Description: Establishing a soju endorsement to certain restaurant licenses.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning opioid overdose medication at kindergarten through twelfth grade schools and higher education institutions.. Description: Concerning opioid overdose medication at kindergarten through twelfth grade schools and higher education institutions.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting successful reentry by modifying the process for obtaining certificates of discharge and vacating conviction records.. Description: Promoting successful reentry by modifying the process for obtaining certificates of discharge and vacating conviction records.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the process for prevailing parties to recover judgments in small claims court.. Description: Modifying the process for prevailing parties to recover judgments in small claims court.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning health care provider and health care facility whistleblower protections.. Description: Concerning health care provider and health care facility whistleblower protections.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing law enforcement to arrest persons in violation of certain no-contact orders involving victims of trafficking and promoting prostitution offenses.. Description: Authorizing law enforcement to arrest persons in violation of certain no-contact orders involving victims of trafficking and promoting prostitution offenses.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing permissible methods of parking a motorcycle.. Description: Establishing permissible methods of parking a motorcycle.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the business and occupation tax return filing due date for annual filers.. Description: Extending the business and occupation tax return filing due date for annual filers.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Designating the Pacific razor clam as the state clam.. Description: Designating the Pacific razor clam as the state clam.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding access to commercial fishing opportunities.. Description: Expanding access to commercial fishing opportunities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning law enforcement.. Description: Concerning law enforcement.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting consumers from charges for out-of-network health care services.. Description: Protecting consumers from charges for out-of-network health care services.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring debt collection complaints to be filed prior to service of summons and complaint.. Description: Requiring debt collection complaints to be filed prior to service of summons and complaint.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the tax treatment of renewable natural gas.. Description: Concerning the tax treatment of renewable natural gas.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting personal information.. Description: Protecting personal information.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting youth from tobacco products and vapor products by increasing the minimum legal age of sale of tobacco and vapor products.. Description: Protecting youth from tobacco products and vapor products by increasing the minimum legal age of sale of tobacco and vapor products.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning consumer competitive group insurance.. Description: Concerning consumer competitive group insurance.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adding a faculty member to the board of regents at the research universities.. Description: Adding a faculty member to the board of regents at the research universities.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the licensure and certification of massage therapists and reflexologists.. Description: Concerning the licensure and certification of massage therapists and reflexologists.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing greater certainty in association with selling city-owned property used for off-street parking.. Description: Providing greater certainty in association with selling city-owned property used for off-street parking.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning long-term services and supports.. Description: Concerning long-term services and supports.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning certificates of academic and individual achievement.. Description: Concerning certificates of academic and individual achievement.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Making technical corrections and removing obsolete language from the Revised Code of Washington pursuant to RCW 1.08.025.. Description: Making technical corrections and removing obsolete language from the Revised Code of Washington pursuant to RCW 1.08.025.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the compensation of commissioners of certain metropolitan park districts.. Description: Concerning the compensation of commissioners of certain metropolitan park districts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing compassionate care renewals for medical marijuana qualifying patients.. Description: Establishing compassionate care renewals for medical marijuana qualifying patients.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the administration of marijuana to students for medical purposes.. Description: Concerning the administration of marijuana to students for medical purposes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing notice about network adequacy to consumers.. Description: Providing notice about network adequacy to consumers.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Evaluating competency to stand trial.. Description: Evaluating competency to stand trial.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state general obligation bonds and related accounts.. Description: Concerning state general obligation bonds and related accounts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the capital budget.. Description: Concerning the capital budget.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting taxpayers from home foreclosure.. Description: Protecting taxpayers from home foreclosure.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning nonprofit homeownership development.. Description: Concerning nonprofit homeownership development.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Making 2019-2021 biennium operating appropriations.. Description: Making 2019-2021 biennium operating appropriations.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Reducing the greenhouse gas emissions associated with transportation fuels.. Description: Reducing the greenhouse gas emissions associated with transportation fuels.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing greenhouse gas emissions from hydrofluorocarbons.. Description: Reducing greenhouse gas emissions from hydrofluorocarbons.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing the wasting of food in order to fight hunger and reduce environmental impacts.. Description: Reducing the wasting of food in order to fight hunger and reduce environmental impacts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing motorcycle safety.. Description: Addressing motorcycle safety.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Updating the term essential academic learning requirements to state learning standards to reflect current terminology.. Description: Updating the term essential academic learning requirements to state learning standards to reflect current terminology.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Enabling electric utilities to prepare for the distributed energy future.. Description: Enabling electric utilities to prepare for the distributed energy future.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing language access in public schools.. Description: Addressing language access in public schools.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Limiting liability for registered apiarists.. Description: Limiting liability for registered apiarists.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning national guard pay in state active service for wildland fire response duty.. Description: Concerning national guard pay in state active service for wildland fire response duty.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the armed forces exceptions for giving notice of termination of a tenancy.. Description: Concerning the armed forces exceptions for giving notice of termination of a tenancy.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding the current and future educator workforce supply.. Description: Expanding the current and future educator workforce supply.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the program establishing Christmas tree grower licensure.. Description: Extending the program establishing Christmas tree grower licensure.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning access of broadcasters to a geographic area subject to the declaration of a national, state, or local emergency.. Description: Concerning access of broadcasters to a geographic area subject to the declaration of a national, state, or local emergency.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning architect registration.. Description: Concerning architect registration.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying requirements to obtain a sexual assault protection order.. Description: Clarifying requirements to obtain a sexual assault protection order.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying education reporting requirements.. Description: Modifying education reporting requirements.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the financing of Chehalis basin flood damage reduction and habitat restoration projects.. Description: Concerning the financing of Chehalis basin flood damage reduction and habitat restoration projects.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning meal and rest breaks and mandatory overtime for certain health care employees.. Description: Concerning meal and rest breaks and mandatory overtime for certain health care employees.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Regulating permanent cosmetics under the Washington body art, body piercing, and tattooing act.. Description: Regulating permanent cosmetics under the Washington body art, body piercing, and tattooing act.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Making transportation appropriations for the 2019-2021 fiscal biennium.. Description: Making transportation appropriations for the 2019-2021 fiscal biennium.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Encouraging low-water landscaping practices as a drought alleviation tool.. Description: Encouraging low-water landscaping practices as a drought alleviation tool.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting sexual assault survivors.. Description: Supporting sexual assault survivors.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating sales and use and excise tax exemptions for self-help housing development.. Description: Creating sales and use and excise tax exemptions for self-help housing development.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying reimbursement for certain clean-up or removal actions by fire protection jurisdictions.. Description: Clarifying reimbursement for certain clean-up or removal actions by fire protection jurisdictions.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the expiration date of certain state fire service mobilization laws.. Description: Modifying the expiration date of certain state fire service mobilization laws.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning authorization of health care decisions by an individual or designated person.. Description: Concerning authorization of health care decisions by an individual or designated person.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing consistency and efficiency in the regulation of auctioneers and auction companies, engineering and land surveying, real estate, funeral directors, and cosmetology.. Description: Providing consistency and efficiency in the regulation of auctioneers and auction companies, engineering and land surveying, real estate, funeral directors, and cosmetology.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the dental laboratory registry within the department of health and establishing minimum standards for dental laboratories serving dentists in Washington state.. Description: Creating the dental laboratory registry within the department of health and establishing minimum standards for dental laboratories serving dentists in Washington state.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the learning assistance program.. Description: Modifying the learning assistance program.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Revising hydraulic project eligibility standards under RCW 77.55.181 for conservation district-sponsored fish habitat enhancement projects.. Description: Revising hydraulic project eligibility standards under RCW 77.55.181 for conservation district-sponsored fish habitat enhancement projects.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning ferry system performance measures.. Description: Concerning ferry system performance measures.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the efficient administration of campaign finance and public disclosure reporting and enforcement.. Description: Concerning the efficient administration of campaign finance and public disclosure reporting and enforcement.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing for the year round observation of daylight saving time.. Description: Allowing for the year round observation of daylight saving time.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning gold star license plates.. Description: Concerning gold star license plates.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring health care providers sanctioned for sexual misconduct to notify patients.. Description: Requiring health care providers sanctioned for sexual misconduct to notify patients.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning health care for working individuals with disabilities.. Description: Concerning health care for working individuals with disabilities.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington national guard postsecondary education grant program.. Description: Concerning the Washington national guard postsecondary education grant program.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning manufactured housing communities.. Description: Concerning manufactured housing communities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning public accounting services.. Description: Concerning public accounting services.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing nonresident children from military families to enroll in Washington's public schools prior to arrival in the state.. Description: Allowing nonresident children from military families to enroll in Washington's public schools prior to arrival in the state.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the names of county auditors and the secretary of state in their official capacity on election materials.. Description: Prohibiting the names of county auditors and the secretary of state in their official capacity on election materials.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning snow bikes.. Description: Concerning snow bikes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning nonfirearm measures to increase school safety and student well-being.. Description: Concerning nonfirearm measures to increase school safety and student well-being.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing cities and counties authority to use real estate excise taxes to support affordable housing and homelessness projects.. Description: Providing cities and counties authority to use real estate excise taxes to support affordable housing and homelessness projects.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adding a nonvoting representative from the office of the insurance commissioner to the public employees' benefits board.. Description: Adding a nonvoting representative from the office of the insurance commissioner to the public employees' benefits board.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning prescription drug cost transparency.. Description: Concerning prescription drug cost transparency.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing policies and requirements regarding law enforcement response to domestic violence incidents to enhance the safety of domestic violence victims, families, and officers.. Description: Establishing policies and requirements regarding law enforcement response to domestic violence incidents to enhance the safety of domestic violence victims, families, and officers.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the statute of limitations for certain felony sex offenses.. Description: Modifying the statute of limitations for certain felony sex offenses.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting the confidentiality of health care quality and peer review discussions to support effective patient safety.. Description: Protecting the confidentiality of health care quality and peer review discussions to support effective patient safety.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the authorization to impose special excise taxes on the sale of lodging.. Description: Concerning the authorization to impose special excise taxes on the sale of lodging.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning appraisal management company Title XI compliance and license expiration.. Description: Concerning appraisal management company Title XI compliance and license expiration.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington state credit union act.. Description: Concerning the Washington state credit union act.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning security breaches of election systems or election data including by foreign entities.. Description: Concerning security breaches of election systems or election data including by foreign entities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning crime committed by business entities.. Description: Concerning crime committed by business entities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying the authority of unregistered vehicles shipped as marine cargo through public ports to operate on public roadways.. Description: Clarifying the authority of unregistered vehicles shipped as marine cargo through public ports to operate on public roadways.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating Patches pal special license plates.. Description: Creating Patches pal special license plates.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing monetary penalties for the unlawful use of a personal electronic device while driving a motor vehicle in a school, playground, or crosswalk speed zone.. Description: Increasing monetary penalties for the unlawful use of a personal electronic device while driving a motor vehicle in a school, playground, or crosswalk speed zone.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning energy efficiency.. Description: Concerning energy efficiency.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring compliance with the federal clean water act by prohibiting certain discharges into waters of the state.. Description: Ensuring compliance with the federal clean water act by prohibiting certain discharges into waters of the state.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning secondary traumatic stress in public school staff.. Description: Concerning secondary traumatic stress in public school staff.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning school lunch durations.. Description: Concerning school lunch durations.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning room and board for college bound scholarship students.. Description: Concerning room and board for college bound scholarship students.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Eliminating the joint legislative oversight committee on trade policy.. Description: Eliminating the joint legislative oversight committee on trade policy.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the capacity for the state treasurer's office to provide separately managed investment portfolios to eligible governmental entities.. Description: Creating the capacity for the state treasurer's office to provide separately managed investment portfolios to eligible governmental entities.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adding the treasurer to the public works board.. Description: Adding the treasurer to the public works board.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning reviews of voluntary cleanups.. Description: Concerning reviews of voluntary cleanups.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the distribution of monetary penalties to local courts and state agencies paid for failure to comply with discover pass requirements.. Description: Concerning the distribution of monetary penalties to local courts and state agencies paid for failure to comply with discover pass requirements.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning public works contracting procedures.. Description: Concerning public works contracting procedures.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning continuing care retirement communities.. Description: Concerning continuing care retirement communities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning device registration, civil penalties, and service agent registration for the weights and measures program.. Description: Concerning device registration, civil penalties, and service agent registration for the weights and measures program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting certain leasehold interests in arenas with a seating capacity of more than two thousand from the leasehold excise tax.. Description: Exempting certain leasehold interests in arenas with a seating capacity of more than two thousand from the leasehold excise tax.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a self-exclusion program for persons with a gambling problem or gambling disorder.. Description: Creating a self-exclusion program for persons with a gambling problem or gambling disorder.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Removing certain restrictions on subsidized child care for students at institutions of higher education.. Description: Removing certain restrictions on subsidized child care for students at institutions of higher education.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning career and technical education in alternative learning experience programs.. Description: Concerning career and technical education in alternative learning experience programs.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning notices of disqualification in courts of limited jurisdiction.. Description: Concerning notices of disqualification in courts of limited jurisdiction.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing plan membership default provisions in the public employees' retirement system, the teachers' retirement system, and the school employees' retirement system.. Description: Addressing plan membership default provisions in the public employees' retirement system, the teachers' retirement system, and the school employees' retirement system.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning college bound scholarship eligible students.. Description: Concerning college bound scholarship eligible students.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Making the public art capital budget language permanent for efficiency.. Description: Making the public art capital budget language permanent for efficiency.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the Washington rural development and opportunity zone act.. Description: Creating the Washington rural development and opportunity zone act.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Regulating personal delivery devices.. Description: Regulating personal delivery devices.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Collecting DNA samples.. Description: Collecting DNA samples.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the methods of services provided by the office of public guardianship.. Description: Concerning the methods of services provided by the office of public guardianship.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning updating and streamlining energy facility site evaluation council operations.. Description: Concerning updating and streamlining energy facility site evaluation council operations.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Transferring duties of the life sciences discovery fund.. Description: Transferring duties of the life sciences discovery fund.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the use of unmanned aerial systems near certain protected marine species.. Description: Concerning the use of unmanned aerial systems near certain protected marine species.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning child care access.. Description: Concerning child care access.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning vehicle reseller permits.. Description: Concerning vehicle reseller permits.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying the definition of a geriatric behavioral health worker for individuals with a bachelor's or master's degree in social work, behavioral health, or other related areas.. Description: Clarifying the definition of a geriatric behavioral health worker for individuals with a bachelor's or master's degree in social work, behavioral health, or other related areas.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Issuing temporary protection orders.. Description: Issuing temporary protection orders.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing that scan-down allowances on food and beverages intended for human and pet consumption are bona fide discounts for purposes of the business and occupation tax.. Description: Providing that scan-down allowances on food and beverages intended for human and pet consumption are bona fide discounts for purposes of the business and occupation tax.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing staffing standards and ratios for counselors in community and technical colleges.. Description: Establishing staffing standards and ratios for counselors in community and technical colleges.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning privileged communication with peer support group counselors.. Description: Concerning privileged communication with peer support group counselors.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning abstracts of driving records.. Description: Concerning abstracts of driving records.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Removing disincentives to the creation of community facilities districts.. Description: Removing disincentives to the creation of community facilities districts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Applying campaign contribution limits to candidates for all port districts.. Description: Applying campaign contribution limits to candidates for all port districts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning affordable housing development on religious organization property.. Description: Concerning affordable housing development on religious organization property.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning disclosure of contributions from political committees to other political committees.. Description: Concerning disclosure of contributions from political committees to other political committees.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing an aggravating circumstance for assault against a utility worker.. Description: Providing an aggravating circumstance for assault against a utility worker.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing access to emergency assistance for victims by providing immunity from prosecution for prostitution offenses in some circumstances.. Description: Increasing access to emergency assistance for victims by providing immunity from prosecution for prostitution offenses in some circumstances.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the crime of patronizing a prostitute.. Description: Modifying the crime of patronizing a prostitute.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting United States food and drug administration nonpublic information from disclosure under the state public disclosure act.. Description: Exempting United States food and drug administration nonpublic information from disclosure under the state public disclosure act.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing a benefit increase to certain retirees of the public employees' retirement system plan 1 and the teachers' retirement system plan 1.. Description: Providing a benefit increase to certain retirees of the public employees' retirement system plan 1 and the teachers' retirement system plan 1.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing improvements to the early achievers program as reviewed and recommended by the joint select committee on the early achievers program.. Description: Implementing improvements to the early achievers program as reviewed and recommended by the joint select committee on the early achievers program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning community facilities needed to ensure a continuum of care for behavioral health patients.. Description: Concerning community facilities needed to ensure a continuum of care for behavioral health patients.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging the use of electric or hybrid-electric aircraft for regional air travel.. Description: Encouraging the use of electric or hybrid-electric aircraft for regional air travel.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning paid family and medical leave.. Description: Concerning paid family and medical leave.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning hemp production.. Description: Concerning hemp production.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Simplifying the administration of municipal business and occupation tax apportionment.. Description: Simplifying the administration of municipal business and occupation tax apportionment.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Encouraging investments in affordable and supportive housing.. Description: Encouraging investments in affordable and supportive housing.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying the written consent requirement for survivorship benefit options.. Description: Clarifying the written consent requirement for survivorship benefit options.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning nonresident pharmacies.. Description: Concerning nonresident pharmacies.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the purchase of an optional life annuity benefit for certain public retirement system members.. Description: Concerning the purchase of an optional life annuity benefit for certain public retirement system members.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying funding of the medical marijuana authorization database.. Description: Modifying funding of the medical marijuana authorization database.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the protection of vulnerable adults.. Description: Concerning the protection of vulnerable adults.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning safe egress from adult family homes.. Description: Concerning safe egress from adult family homes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning access to state career and technical course equivalencies.. Description: Concerning access to state career and technical course equivalencies.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning cooperation between conservation districts.. Description: Concerning cooperation between conservation districts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the disclosure of attributes of electricity products.. Description: Concerning the disclosure of attributes of electricity products.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the dairy milk assessment fee to June 30, 2025.. Description: Extending the dairy milk assessment fee to June 30, 2025.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the licensing and enforcement system modernization project account.. Description: Concerning the licensing and enforcement system modernization project account.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning joint self-insurance programs for property and liability risks.. Description: Concerning joint self-insurance programs for property and liability risks.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning hospital privileges for advanced registered nurse practitioners and physician assistants.. Description: Concerning hospital privileges for advanced registered nurse practitioners and physician assistants.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing longer notice of rent increases.. Description: Providing longer notice of rent increases.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the financing of local infrastructure.. Description: Concerning the financing of local infrastructure.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning appliance efficiency standards.. Description: Concerning appliance efficiency standards.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the veterans service officer program.. Description: Creating the veterans service officer program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the fourth Saturday of September as public lands day.. Description: Recognizing the fourth Saturday of September as public lands day.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning restraints on persons engaging in lawful professions, trades, or businesses.. Description: Concerning restraints on persons engaging in lawful professions, trades, or businesses.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning residential tenant protections.. Description: Concerning residential tenant protections.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing notice of plans to demolish, substantially rehabilitate, or change use of residential premises.. Description: Providing notice of plans to demolish, substantially rehabilitate, or change use of residential premises.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning requirements for pistol sales or transfers.. Description: Concerning requirements for pistol sales or transfers.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying provisions relating to approaching emergency or work zones and tow truck operators.. Description: Modifying provisions relating to approaching emergency or work zones and tow truck operators.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning contracts for dogs and cats.. Description: Concerning contracts for dogs and cats.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Streamlining the permitting process for disposing of dredged materials.. Description: Streamlining the permitting process for disposing of dredged materials.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the appointment of religious coordinators.. Description: Concerning the appointment of religious coordinators.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning delegation of inspection duties for factory built housing and commercial structures.. Description: Concerning delegation of inspection duties for factory built housing and commercial structures.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Amending the application of the occupational disease presumption for cancer for Hanford site workers.. Description: Amending the application of the occupational disease presumption for cancer for Hanford site workers.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning foundational public health services.. Description: Concerning foundational public health services.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding affordable, resilient broadband service to enable economic development, public safety, health care, and education in Washington's communities.. Description: Expanding affordable, resilient broadband service to enable economic development, public safety, health care, and education in Washington's communities.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning calendar election dates on ballot envelopes.. Description: Concerning calendar election dates on ballot envelopes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning certain public facilities district's authorization to acquire, construct, own, remodel, maintain, equip, reequip, repair, finance, and operate one or more recreational facilities other than a ski area with voter approval.. Description: Concerning certain public facilities district's authorization to acquire, construct, own, remodel, maintain, equip, reequip, repair, finance, and operate one or more recreational facilities other than a ski area with voter approval.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning registration and consumer protection obligations of data brokers.. Description: Concerning registration and consumer protection obligations of data brokers.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning impaired driving.. Description: Concerning impaired driving.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning confidential information of child victims of sexual assault.. Description: Concerning confidential information of child victims of sexual assault.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Governing the use of narrow track vehicles.. Description: Governing the use of narrow track vehicles.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the electrification of transportation.. Description: Concerning the electrification of transportation.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a department of fish and wildlife directed nonlethal program for the purpose of training dogs.. Description: Establishing a department of fish and wildlife directed nonlethal program for the purpose of training dogs.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning domestic violence.. Description: Concerning domestic violence.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for accountability and transparency in government contracting.. Description: Providing for accountability and transparency in government contracting.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the availability of quality, affordable health coverage in the individual market.. Description: Increasing the availability of quality, affordable health coverage in the individual market.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning recovery support services.. Description: Concerning recovery support services.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Removing barriers for agency affiliated counselors practicing as peer counselors.. Description: Removing barriers for agency affiliated counselors practicing as peer counselors.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning medical debt.. Description: Concerning medical debt.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning traumatic brain injuries in domestic violence cases.. Description: Concerning traumatic brain injuries in domestic violence cases.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Making information about domestic violence resources available in the workplace.. Description: Making information about domestic violence resources available in the workplace.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning psychiatric payments under medical assistance programs for certain rural hospitals that are not designated as critical access hospitals, do not participate in the certified public expenditure program, have less than fifty acute care beds, and have combined medicare and medicaid inpatient days greater than fifty percent of total days.. Description: Concerning psychiatric payments under medical assistance programs for certain rural hospitals that are not designated as critical access hospitals, do not participate in the certified public expenditure program, have less than fifty acute care beds, and have combined medicare and medicaid inpatient days greater than fifty percent of total days.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning sunshine committee recommendations.. Description: Concerning sunshine committee recommendations.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing manufactured/mobile home tenant protections.. Description: Addressing manufactured/mobile home tenant protections.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning sustainable recycling.. Description: Concerning sustainable recycling.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning curing ballots to assure that votes are counted.. Description: Concerning curing ballots to assure that votes are counted.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Changing the name of the medical quality assurance commission to the Washington medical commission.. Description: Changing the name of the medical quality assurance commission to the Washington medical commission.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Modernizing the control of certain communicable diseases.. Description: Modernizing the control of certain communicable diseases.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning health care provider credentialing by health carriers.. Description: Concerning health care provider credentialing by health carriers.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning dental hygienists.. Description: Concerning dental hygienists.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning liquor licenses.. Description: Concerning liquor licenses.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the protection of southern resident orca whales from vessels.. Description: Concerning the protection of southern resident orca whales from vessels.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring participation on the oversight board for children, youth, and families by current or former foster youth, individuals with current or previous experience in the juvenile justice system, a physician with experience working with children or youth, and individuals residing east of the Cascade mountain range.. Description: Ensuring participation on the oversight board for children, youth, and families by current or former foster youth, individuals with current or previous experience in the juvenile justice system, a physician with experience working with children or youth, and individuals residing east of the Cascade mountain range.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning liquor-related privileges of students enrolled in certain degree programs.. Description: Concerning liquor-related privileges of students enrolled in certain degree programs.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the nursing facility medicaid payment system.. Description: Concerning the nursing facility medicaid payment system.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning certain providers sharing background checks.. Description: Concerning certain providers sharing background checks.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning port district worker development and occupational training programs.. Description: Concerning port district worker development and occupational training programs.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning marketing the degradability of products.. Description: Concerning marketing the degradability of products.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Strengthening the rights of workers through collective bargaining by addressing authorizations and revocations, certifications, and the authority to deduct and accept union dues and fees.. Description: Strengthening the rights of workers through collective bargaining by addressing authorizations and revocations, certifications, and the authority to deduct and accept union dues and fees.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning construction defect actions.. Description: Concerning construction defect actions.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning K-12 computer science education data.. Description: Concerning K-12 computer science education data.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing threats to southern resident killer whales by improving the safety of oil transportation.. Description: Reducing threats to southern resident killer whales by improving the safety of oil transportation.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing recommendations of the southern resident killer whale task force related to increasing chinook abundance.. Description: Implementing recommendations of the southern resident killer whale task force related to increasing chinook abundance.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning mosquito control districts.. Description: Concerning mosquito control districts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Restricting the availability of state funds to regional transportation planning organizations that do not provide a reasonable opportunity for voting membership to certain federally recognized tribes.. Description: Restricting the availability of state funds to regional transportation planning organizations that do not provide a reasonable opportunity for voting membership to certain federally recognized tribes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing access to fruits and vegetables for individuals with limited incomes.. Description: Increasing access to fruits and vegetables for individuals with limited incomes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning requirements for the correctional personnel and community corrections officer exemption from restrictions on carrying firearms.. Description: Concerning requirements for the correctional personnel and community corrections officer exemption from restrictions on carrying firearms.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing the local sales and use tax for affordable housing to be imposed by a councilmanic authority.. Description: Allowing the local sales and use tax for affordable housing to be imposed by a councilmanic authority.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a behavioral health innovation and integration campus within the University of Washington school of medicine.. Description: Establishing a behavioral health innovation and integration campus within the University of Washington school of medicine.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying the exemption for wiring and equipment associated with telecommunication installations.. Description: Clarifying the exemption for wiring and equipment associated with telecommunication installations.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the sharing of information between participants in multidisciplinary coordination of child sexual abuse investigations.. Description: Concerning the sharing of information between participants in multidisciplinary coordination of child sexual abuse investigations.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing code cities of a certain size with the ability to annex unincorporated areas without a referendum provision pursuant to a jointly approved interlocal agreement with the county.. Description: Providing code cities of a certain size with the ability to annex unincorporated areas without a referendum provision pursuant to a jointly approved interlocal agreement with the county.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting career and college readiness through modified high school graduation requirements.. Description: Promoting career and college readiness through modified high school graduation requirements.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Revising economic assistance programs by updating standards of need, revising outcome measures and data collected, and reducing barriers to participation.. Description: Revising economic assistance programs by updating standards of need, revising outcome measures and data collected, and reducing barriers to participation.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Changing the Washington state center for childhood deafness and hearing loss to the Washington center for deaf and hard of hearing youth.. Description: Changing the Washington state center for childhood deafness and hearing loss to the Washington center for deaf and hard of hearing youth.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring traumatic brain injury screenings for children entering the foster care system.. Description: Requiring traumatic brain injury screenings for children entering the foster care system.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning notice of material changes to the operations or governance structure of participants in the health care marketplace.. Description: Concerning notice of material changes to the operations or governance structure of participants in the health care marketplace.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting patient care.. Description: Protecting patient care.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning basic skills assessments for approved teacher preparation programs.. Description: Concerning basic skills assessments for approved teacher preparation programs.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning drought preparedness and response.. Description: Concerning drought preparedness and response.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Making permanent the posting of fuel tax rate information at fuel pumps.. Description: Making permanent the posting of fuel tax rate information at fuel pumps.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring property sold in tax lien foreclosure proceedings to be sold as is.. Description: Requiring property sold in tax lien foreclosure proceedings to be sold as is.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting immunity against vaccine preventable diseases.. Description: Promoting immunity against vaccine preventable diseases.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning property ownership for participants in the address confidentiality program.. Description: Concerning property ownership for participants in the address confidentiality program.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the creation of a youth development work group within the department of children, youth, and families.. Description: Concerning the creation of a youth development work group within the department of children, youth, and families.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning certificates of parental improvement.. Description: Concerning certificates of parental improvement.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning confinement in juvenile rehabilitation facilities.. Description: Concerning confinement in juvenile rehabilitation facilities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning mandatory rest periods for pilots.. Description: Concerning mandatory rest periods for pilots.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the rights of clients of the developmental disabilities administration of the department of social and health services.. Description: Concerning the rights of clients of the developmental disabilities administration of the department of social and health services.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning paint stewardship.. Description: Concerning paint stewardship.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning services provided by the office of homeless youth prevention and protection programs.. Description: Concerning services provided by the office of homeless youth prevention and protection programs.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning paraeducators.. Description: Concerning paraeducators.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying dates related to the application due date for health sciences and services authorities and their sales and use tax authority.. Description: Modifying dates related to the application due date for health sciences and services authorities and their sales and use tax authority.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the participation of students who are low income in extracurricular activities.. Description: Concerning the participation of students who are low income in extracurricular activities.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the higher education retirement plans.. Description: Concerning the higher education retirement plans.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning public records request administration.. Description: Concerning public records request administration.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the Washington health corps to support health care professionals who provide service in underserved communities.. Description: Creating the Washington health corps to support health care professionals who provide service in underserved communities.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning bid limits for purchases and public works by fire protection districts.. Description: Concerning bid limits for purchases and public works by fire protection districts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing recorking wine at wineries and tasting rooms.. Description: Allowing recorking wine at wineries and tasting rooms.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting information relating to the regulation of explosives from public disclosure.. Description: Exempting information relating to the regulation of explosives from public disclosure.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Changing the term alternative learning experience to personalized learning experience.. Description: Changing the term alternative learning experience to personalized learning experience.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning business activities in the liquor licensing process.. Description: Concerning business activities in the liquor licensing process.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning hospital access to care policies.. Description: Concerning hospital access to care policies.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Limiting defenses based on victim identity.. Description: Limiting defenses based on victim identity.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning resident student status as applied to veterans.. Description: Concerning resident student status as applied to veterans.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting information concerning agency employees who have filed a claim of harassment or stalking.. Description: Protecting information concerning agency employees who have filed a claim of harassment or stalking.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing tenants to pay certain sums in installments.. Description: Allowing tenants to pay certain sums in installments.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning wage and salary information.. Description: Concerning wage and salary information.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Informing students of low-cost course materials for community and technical college courses.. Description: Informing students of low-cost course materials for community and technical college courses.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating subminimum wage certificates for persons with disabilities.. Description: Eliminating subminimum wage certificates for persons with disabilities.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying qualifications for disabled veterans to receive fee exempt license plates.. Description: Modifying qualifications for disabled veterans to receive fee exempt license plates.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving law enforcement response to missing and murdered Native American women.. Description: Improving law enforcement response to missing and murdered Native American women.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning community and technical colleges granting high school diplomas.. Description: Concerning community and technical colleges granting high school diplomas.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Removing school districts' ability to withhold pupils' grades and transcripts.. Description: Removing school districts' ability to withhold pupils' grades and transcripts.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the Washington state office of equity.. Description: Creating the Washington state office of equity.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the active transportation safety advisory council.. Description: Establishing the active transportation safety advisory council.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the mitigation of public facilities in certain cities.. Description: Concerning the mitigation of public facilities in certain cities.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Implementing the recommendations of the pesticide application safety work group.. Description: Implementing the recommendations of the pesticide application safety work group.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning services provided by health care professional students.. Description: Concerning services provided by health care professional students.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning gift cards.. Description: Concerning gift cards.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the effect of payment or acknowledgment made after the expiration of a limitations period.. Description: Concerning the effect of payment or acknowledgment made after the expiration of a limitations period.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning identifying and responding to bias-based criminal offenses.. Description: Concerning identifying and responding to bias-based criminal offenses.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Retaining productive farmland.. Description: Retaining productive farmland.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring accreditation standards for college in the high school programs.. Description: Requiring accreditation standards for college in the high school programs.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning firearms that are undetectable or untraceable.. Description: Concerning firearms that are undetectable or untraceable.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning juvenile offenses that involve depictions of minors.. Description: Concerning juvenile offenses that involve depictions of minors.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the methodology for establishing the prevailing rate of wages for the construction of affordable housing, homeless and domestic violence shelters, and low-income weatherization and home rehabilitation public works.. Description: Addressing the methodology for establishing the prevailing rate of wages for the construction of affordable housing, homeless and domestic violence shelters, and low-income weatherization and home rehabilitation public works.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Incentivizing the development of commercial office space in cities in a county with a population of less than one million five hundred thousand.. Description: Incentivizing the development of commercial office space in cities in a county with a population of less than one million five hundred thousand.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning risk-based water quality standards for on-site nonpotable water systems.. Description: Concerning risk-based water quality standards for on-site nonpotable water systems.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Filling vacancies in county sheriff offices.. Description: Filling vacancies in county sheriff offices.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring a statement of inquiry for rules affecting fees related to health professions.. Description: Requiring a statement of inquiry for rules affecting fees related to health professions.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the hosting of the homeless by religious organizations.. Description: Concerning the hosting of the homeless by religious organizations.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing regional universities to offer doctorate level degrees in education.. Description: Allowing regional universities to offer doctorate level degrees in education.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the safety and security of adult entertainers.. Description: Concerning the safety and security of adult entertainers.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Adjusting monetary thresholds for found property.. Description: Adjusting monetary thresholds for found property.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a law enforcement grant program to expand alternatives to arrest and jail processes.. Description: Establishing a law enforcement grant program to expand alternatives to arrest and jail processes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning substance use disorder professional practice.. Description: Concerning substance use disorder professional practice.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning a vessel crewmember license.. Description: Concerning a vessel crewmember license.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning motorized foot scooters.. Description: Concerning motorized foot scooters.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning commercially sexually exploited children.. Description: Concerning commercially sexually exploited children.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Making changes to support future operations of the state all payer claims database by transferring the responsibility to the health care authority, partnering with a lead organization with broad data experience, including with self-insured employers, and other changes to improve and ensure successful and sustainable database operations for access to and use of the data to improve health care, providing consumers useful and consistent quality and cost measures, and assess total cost of care in Washington state.. Description: Making changes to support future operations of the state all payer claims database by transferring the responsibility to the health care authority, partnering with a lead organization with broad data experience, including with self-insured employers, and other changes to improve and ensure successful and sustainable database operations for access to and use of the data to improve health care, providing consumers useful and consistent quality and cost measures, and assess total cost of care in Washington state.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting certain existing ambulatory surgical facilities from certificate of need.. Description: Exempting certain existing ambulatory surgical facilities from certificate of need.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving procedures and strengthening laws relating to protection orders, no-contact orders, and restraining orders.. Description: Improving procedures and strengthening laws relating to protection orders, no-contact orders, and restraining orders.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington state bar association.. Description: Concerning the Washington state bar association.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Making adjustments to the service and filing fees for vehicle subagents and county auditors.. Description: Making adjustments to the service and filing fees for vehicle subagents and county auditors.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Enhancing educational opportunities for vulnerable children and youth using funding distributed from the Puget Sound taxpayer accountability account.. Description: Enhancing educational opportunities for vulnerable children and youth using funding distributed from the Puget Sound taxpayer accountability account.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning criminal penalties applicable to licensed marijuana retailers and employees of marijuana retail outlets. (REVISED FOR PASSED LEGISLATURE: Concerning criminal penalties applicable to employees of marijuana retail outlets. ). Description: Concerning criminal penalties applicable to licensed marijuana retailers and employees of marijuana retail outlets. (REVISED FOR PASSED LEGISLATURE: Concerning criminal penalties applicable to employees of marijuana retail outlets. )
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing additional uses for automated traffic safety cameras for traffic congestion reduction and increased safety.. Description: Establishing additional uses for automated traffic safety cameras for traffic congestion reduction and increased safety.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning agreements between licensed marijuana businesses and other people and businesses, including royalty and licensing agreements relating to the use of intellectual property.. Description: Concerning agreements between licensed marijuana businesses and other people and businesses, including royalty and licensing agreements relating to the use of intellectual property.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning short-term rentals.. Description: Concerning short-term rentals.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Developing a short form for death certificates.. Description: Developing a short form for death certificates.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Entering abandoned cemeteries for authorized purposes.. Description: Entering abandoned cemeteries for authorized purposes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the number of school districts that may be authorized to reduce the minimum number of required school days in a school year.. Description: Increasing the number of school districts that may be authorized to reduce the minimum number of required school days in a school year.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Making the nonprofit and library fund-raising exemption permanent.. Description: Making the nonprofit and library fund-raising exemption permanent.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Incorporating the costs of employee health benefits into school district contracts for pupil transportation.. Description: Incorporating the costs of employee health benefits into school district contracts for pupil transportation.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring for a skilled and trained workforce in high hazard facilities.. Description: Ensuring for a skilled and trained workforce in high hazard facilities.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the disclosure of certain information during the discharge planning process.. Description: Concerning the disclosure of certain information during the discharge planning process.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning veterans' assistance levies.. Description: Concerning veterans' assistance levies.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the waiver, reduction, or suspension of certain fees charged to persons who commit offenses involving the sexual exploitation of children.. Description: Prohibiting the waiver, reduction, or suspension of certain fees charged to persons who commit offenses involving the sexual exploitation of children.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Exempting certain licensed distillery information from public disclosure.. Description: Exempting certain licensed distillery information from public disclosure.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring eligible arena projects to fully pay the state and local sales tax within ten years of commencing construction.. Description: Requiring eligible arena projects to fully pay the state and local sales tax within ten years of commencing construction.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing minimum crew size on certain trains.. Description: Establishing minimum crew size on certain trains.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Making a technical correction for the disposition of off-road vehicle moneys.. Description: Making a technical correction for the disposition of off-road vehicle moneys.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing aircraft noise abatement.. Description: Addressing aircraft noise abatement.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Revising the lease terms for managing first-class unplatted tidelands and shorelands.. Description: Revising the lease terms for managing first-class unplatted tidelands and shorelands.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning property tax refunds more than three years after the due date resulting from certain manifest errors.. Description: Concerning property tax refunds more than three years after the due date resulting from certain manifest errors.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Developing and coordinating a statewide don't drip and drive program.. Description: Developing and coordinating a statewide don't drip and drive program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting scleral tattooing.. Description: Prohibiting scleral tattooing.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing lead in drinking water in schools.. Description: Addressing lead in drinking water in schools.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Regulating the practice of acupuncture and Eastern medicine.. Description: Regulating the practice of acupuncture and Eastern medicine.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the emerging therapies work group.. Description: Establishing the emerging therapies work group.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Making state law consistent with selected federal consumer protections in the patient protection and affordable care act.. Description: Making state law consistent with selected federal consumer protections in the patient protection and affordable care act.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the taxation of vapor products as tobacco products.. Description: Concerning the taxation of vapor products as tobacco products.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing policies related to expanding adolescent behavioral health care access as reviewed and recommended by the children's mental health work group.. Description: Implementing policies related to expanding adolescent behavioral health care access as reviewed and recommended by the children's mental health work group.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Regulating and reporting of utilization management in prescription drug benefits.. Description: Regulating and reporting of utilization management in prescription drug benefits.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a joint legislative task force on problem gambling.. Description: Creating a joint legislative task force on problem gambling.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting employee information from public disclosure.. Description: Protecting employee information from public disclosure.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing assistance for certain postsecondary students.. Description: Providing assistance for certain postsecondary students.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning additional temporary duties for the wildland fire advisory committee.. Description: Concerning additional temporary duties for the wildland fire advisory committee.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Maximizing federal funding for prevention and family services and programs.. Description: Maximizing federal funding for prevention and family services and programs.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying the exemption from safety belt use for physical or medical reasons.. Description: Clarifying the exemption from safety belt use for physical or medical reasons.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the tenth day of April as Dolores Huerta day.. Description: Recognizing the tenth day of April as Dolores Huerta day.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the substance use disorder treatment system.. Description: Concerning the substance use disorder treatment system.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Repealing the electronic authentication act.. Description: Repealing the electronic authentication act.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the confidentiality of industrial insurance claim records.. Description: Concerning the confidentiality of industrial insurance claim records.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning pension benefits and contributions in the volunteer firefighters' and reserve officers' relief and pension system.. Description: Concerning pension benefits and contributions in the volunteer firefighters' and reserve officers' relief and pension system.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the presumption of occupational disease for purposes of workers' compensation by adding medical conditions to the presumption, extending the presumption to certain publicly employed firefighters and investigators and law enforcement, addressing the qualifying medical examination, and creating an advisory committee.. Description: Concerning the presumption of occupational disease for purposes of workers' compensation by adding medical conditions to the presumption, extending the presumption to certain publicly employed firefighters and investigators and law enforcement, addressing the qualifying medical examination, and creating an advisory committee.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving the delivery of child support services to families by increasing flexibility and efficiency.. Description: Improving the delivery of child support services to families by increasing flexibility and efficiency.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the use of certain animal traps by airport operators.. Description: Concerning the use of certain animal traps by airport operators.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning community preservation and development authorities.. Description: Concerning community preservation and development authorities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Preventing and responding to animal abuse.. Description: Preventing and responding to animal abuse.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing urban residential building capacity.. Description: Increasing urban residential building capacity.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning reasonable accommodation for the expression of breast milk in the workplace.. Description: Concerning reasonable accommodation for the expression of breast milk in the workplace.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning workplace violence in health care settings.. Description: Concerning workplace violence in health care settings.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Renewing a concealed pistol license by members of the armed forces.. Description: Renewing a concealed pistol license by members of the armed forces.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Conducting a feasibility study to examine and make recommendations regarding the establishment of a single point of contact firearm background check system.. Description: Conducting a feasibility study to examine and make recommendations regarding the establishment of a single point of contact firearm background check system.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the building communities fund program.. Description: Concerning the building communities fund program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing the amount of permits required for recreation at a sno-park.. Description: Reducing the amount of permits required for recreation at a sno-park.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing safety on roadways for pedestrians, bicyclists, and other roadway users.. Description: Increasing safety on roadways for pedestrians, bicyclists, and other roadway users.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the Washington dual enrollment scholarship pilot program.. Description: Establishing the Washington dual enrollment scholarship pilot program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting federal tax lien documents from recording surcharges.. Description: Exempting federal tax lien documents from recording surcharges.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning natural resource management activities.. Description: Concerning natural resource management activities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Facilitating transportation projects of statewide significance.. Description: Facilitating transportation projects of statewide significance.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a San Juan Islands stewardship special license plate. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Creating a San Juan Islands special license plate. ). Description: Creating a San Juan Islands stewardship special license plate. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Creating a San Juan Islands special license plate. )
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning manufactured/mobile homes.. Description: Concerning manufactured/mobile homes.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a task force on sexual violence at institutions of higher education.. Description: Creating a task force on sexual violence at institutions of higher education.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning alternate methods of ballot security.. Description: Concerning alternate methods of ballot security.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a healthy environment for all by addressing environmental health disparities.. Description: Establishing a healthy environment for all by addressing environmental health disparities.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing for allied forces veteran remembrance emblems.. Description: Providing for allied forces veteran remembrance emblems.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing funding for the Washington state library-archives building and operations of library and archives facilities.. Description: Providing funding for the Washington state library-archives building and operations of library and archives facilities.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning collective bargaining for administrative law judges.. Description: Concerning collective bargaining for administrative law judges.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning harassment and discrimination by legislators and legislative branch employees.. Description: Concerning harassment and discrimination by legislators and legislative branch employees.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting the disclosure of names in employment investigation records.. Description: Exempting the disclosure of names in employment investigation records.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning deductions of incentive payments under the medicaid program established within 42 C.F.R. 438.6(b)(2) and Sec. 1115 medicaid demonstration project number 11-W-00304/0.. Description: Concerning deductions of incentive payments under the medicaid program established within 42 C.F.R. 438.6(b)(2) and Sec. 1115 medicaid demonstration project number 11-W-00304/0.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing a tax deferral for the expansion of certain existing public facilities district convention centers.. Description: Providing a tax deferral for the expansion of certain existing public facilities district convention centers.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning mandatory reporting of child abuse and neglect.. Description: Concerning mandatory reporting of child abuse and neglect.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning taxes on in-state broadcasters.. Description: Concerning taxes on in-state broadcasters.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning health system transparency.. Description: Concerning health system transparency.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning pavement condition reporting requirements.. Description: Concerning pavement condition reporting requirements.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning nonhigh school districts.. Description: Concerning nonhigh school districts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Advancing green transportation adoption.. Description: Advancing green transportation adoption.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the deannexation of a portion of land from a park and recreation district or metropolitan park district.. Description: Concerning the deannexation of a portion of land from a park and recreation district or metropolitan park district.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning commercial egg layer operations.. Description: Concerning commercial egg layer operations.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating Washington wine special license plates.. Description: Creating Washington wine special license plates.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning firefighters and law enforcement officers pension and disability boards.. Description: Concerning firefighters and law enforcement officers pension and disability boards.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying marijuana product testing by revising provisions concerning marijuana testing laboratory accreditation and establishing a cannabis science task force.. Description: Clarifying marijuana product testing by revising provisions concerning marijuana testing laboratory accreditation and establishing a cannabis science task force.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning Purple Heart license plates.. Description: Concerning Purple Heart license plates.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating Seattle Storm special license plates to fund youth leadership and sports programs.. Description: Creating Seattle Storm special license plates to fund youth leadership and sports programs.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing restrictions on driver's licenses associated with certain criminal offenses.. Description: Addressing restrictions on driver's licenses associated with certain criminal offenses.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the disclosure of certain individual vehicle and vessel owner information of those participating in the address confidentiality program.. Description: Prohibiting the disclosure of certain individual vehicle and vessel owner information of those participating in the address confidentiality program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing county treasurers to contract with other treasurers for services.. Description: Authorizing county treasurers to contract with other treasurers for services.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Removing the authority of the department of agriculture to conduct livestock brand inspections.. Description: Removing the authority of the department of agriculture to conduct livestock brand inspections.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating Mount St. Helens special license plates.. Description: Creating Mount St. Helens special license plates.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning huckleberry buyers retaining and disclosing records to law enforcement.. Description: Concerning huckleberry buyers retaining and disclosing records to law enforcement.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing statewide wolf recovery.. Description: Addressing statewide wolf recovery.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the use of video technology under the involuntary treatment act.. Description: Concerning the use of video technology under the involuntary treatment act.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning state funding for K-3 class sizes in schools.. Description: Concerning state funding for K-3 class sizes in schools.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning membership of the Chehalis board.. Description: Concerning membership of the Chehalis board.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the definition of affordable workforce housing for the purposes of permitted lodging tax revenue expenditures.. Description: Modifying the definition of affordable workforce housing for the purposes of permitted lodging tax revenue expenditures.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a task force on improving institutional education programs and outcomes.. Description: Establishing a task force on improving institutional education programs and outcomes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the distribution of moneys derived from certain state forestlands.. Description: Concerning the distribution of moneys derived from certain state forestlands.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing the crimes of harassment.. Description: Addressing the crimes of harassment.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requiring signage on certain lands that are closed to the public.. Description: Requiring signage on certain lands that are closed to the public.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Relating to K-12 education funding.. Description: Relating to K-12 education funding.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning funding of law enforcement officers' and firefighters' plan 2 benefit improvements.. Description: Concerning funding of law enforcement officers' and firefighters' plan 2 benefit improvements.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Designating the Suciasaurus rex as the official dinosaur of the state of Washington.. Description: Designating the Suciasaurus rex as the official dinosaur of the state of Washington.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a workforce education investment to train Washington students for Washington jobs.. Description: Creating a workforce education investment to train Washington students for Washington jobs.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Making expenditures from the budget stabilization account for declared catastrophic events.. Description: Making expenditures from the budget stabilization account for declared catastrophic events.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning ferry vessel procurement.. Description: Concerning ferry vessel procurement.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Transferring extraordinary revenue growth from the budget stabilization account for K-12 education.. Description: Transferring extraordinary revenue growth from the budget stabilization account for K-12 education.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating special license plates that support working forests.. Description: Creating special license plates that support working forests.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Relating to tax revenue.. Description: Relating to tax revenue.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Relating to tax preferences.. Description: Relating to tax preferences.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating Washington state women veterans special license plates.. Description: Creating Washington state women veterans special license plates.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the types of commercial driver's license qualification waivers allowed for military veterans.. Description: Increasing the types of commercial driver's license qualification waivers allowed for military veterans.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Including specified competency restoration workers at department of social and health services institutional and residential sites in the public safety employees retirement system.. Description: Including specified competency restoration workers at department of social and health services institutional and residential sites in the public safety employees retirement system.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing an exception to the requirement that vehicle license plates be visible at all times for vehicles using certain cargo carrying devices.. Description: Establishing an exception to the requirement that vehicle license plates be visible at all times for vehicles using certain cargo carrying devices.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating the position of military spouse liaison.. Description: Creating the position of military spouse liaison.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Making technical corrections and removing obsolete language from the Revised Code of Washington pursuant to RCW 1.08.025.. Description: Making technical corrections and removing obsolete language from the Revised Code of Washington pursuant to RCW 1.08.025.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Increasing the maximum bet in sports boards. ). Description: (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Increasing the maximum bet in sports boards. )
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning cottage food product labeling requirements.. Description: Concerning cottage food product labeling requirements.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the cap on gross sales for cottage food operations.. Description: Increasing the cap on gross sales for cottage food operations.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Volunteering in schools after a criminal conviction.. Description: Volunteering in schools after a criminal conviction.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Permitting early deployment of state fire service resources.. Description: Permitting early deployment of state fire service resources.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying the scope of taxation on land development or management services.. Description: Clarifying the scope of taxation on land development or management services.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Subjecting federally recognized Indian tribes to the same conditions as state and local governments for property owned exclusively by the tribe.. Description: Subjecting federally recognized Indian tribes to the same conditions as state and local governments for property owned exclusively by the tribe.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning bail jumping.. Description: Concerning bail jumping.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning travel trailers.. Description: Concerning travel trailers.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing the authorization of wheeled all-terrain vehicles on state highways.. Description: Addressing the authorization of wheeled all-terrain vehicles on state highways.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the reorganization of laws related to environmental health without making any substantive, policy changes.. Description: Concerning the reorganization of laws related to environmental health without making any substantive, policy changes.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning coastal crab derelict gear recovery.. Description: Concerning coastal crab derelict gear recovery.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the expiration date for notification of dispensing an interchangeable biological product.. Description: Concerning the expiration date for notification of dispensing an interchangeable biological product.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning student health plans.. Description: Concerning student health plans.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding background check requirements for certain educational institutions.. Description: Expanding background check requirements for certain educational institutions.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating exemptions from restrictions on the use of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances in firefighting foam.. Description: Eliminating exemptions from restrictions on the use of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances in firefighting foam.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning reasonable accommodation for the expression of breast milk without requiring written certification from a health care professional.. Description: Concerning reasonable accommodation for the expression of breast milk without requiring written certification from a health care professional.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Correcting a reference to an omnibus transportation appropriations act within a prior authorization of general obligation bonds for transportation funding.. Description: Correcting a reference to an omnibus transportation appropriations act within a prior authorization of general obligation bonds for transportation funding.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning youth solitary confinement.. Description: Concerning youth solitary confinement.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing the assessment of rail safety governance in Washington state.. Description: Addressing the assessment of rail safety governance in Washington state.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning enforcement of small claims court judgments.. Description: Concerning enforcement of small claims court judgments.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning child support, but only with respect to standards for determination of income, abatement of child support for incarcerated obligors, modification of administrative orders, and notices of support owed.. Description: Concerning child support, but only with respect to standards for determination of income, abatement of child support for incarcerated obligors, modification of administrative orders, and notices of support owed.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning firearms laws concerning persons subject to vulnerable adult protection orders.. Description: Concerning firearms laws concerning persons subject to vulnerable adult protection orders.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Regulating legal service contractors.. Description: Regulating legal service contractors.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring employers to periodically report standard occupational classifications or job titles of workers.. Description: Requiring employers to periodically report standard occupational classifications or job titles of workers.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Reducing emissions from vehicles associated with on-demand transportation services.. Description: Reducing emissions from vehicles associated with on-demand transportation services.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Amending state greenhouse gas emission limits for consistency with the most recent assessment of climate change science.. Description: Amending state greenhouse gas emission limits for consistency with the most recent assessment of climate change science.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Installing, repairing, replacing, and updating mitigation equipment installed within an impacted area.. Description: Installing, repairing, replacing, and updating mitigation equipment installed within an impacted area.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Advancing criminal investigatory practices.. Description: Advancing criminal investigatory practices.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the sale of liquor in kegs or containers containing four gallons or more of liquor.. Description: Concerning the sale of liquor in kegs or containers containing four gallons or more of liquor.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requiring training on human trafficking.. Description: Requiring training on human trafficking.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Making supplemental transportation appropriations for the 2019-2021 fiscal biennium.. Description: Making supplemental transportation appropriations for the 2019-2021 fiscal biennium.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Reporting end-of-life care policies.. Description: Reporting end-of-life care policies.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing sexual misconduct at postsecondary educational institutions.. Description: Addressing sexual misconduct at postsecondary educational institutions.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting discrimination in health care coverage.. Description: Prohibiting discrimination in health care coverage.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the definition of index for the Washington state patrol retirement system.. Description: Modifying the definition of index for the Washington state patrol retirement system.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Aligning the timing of comprehensive plan updates required by the growth management act with the timing of shoreline master program updates required by the shoreline management act.. Description: Aligning the timing of comprehensive plan updates required by the growth management act with the timing of shoreline master program updates required by the shoreline management act.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning urban housing supply.. Description: Concerning urban housing supply.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning continuing care retirement communities.. Description: Concerning continuing care retirement communities.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning bond requirements for county clerks.. Description: Concerning bond requirements for county clerks.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Streamlining reporting for recipients of housing-related state funding by removing Washington state quality award program requirements.. Description: Streamlining reporting for recipients of housing-related state funding by removing Washington state quality award program requirements.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the building for the arts program.. Description: Concerning the building for the arts program.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing for fire trailer vehicle registration and license plates.. Description: Providing for fire trailer vehicle registration and license plates.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Reducing barriers to professional licensure for individuals with previous criminal convictions.. Description: Reducing barriers to professional licensure for individuals with previous criminal convictions.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a certificate of compliance for marijuana business premises that meet the statutory qualifications at the time of application.. Description: Creating a certificate of compliance for marijuana business premises that meet the statutory qualifications at the time of application.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Preserving the ability of auto dealers to offer consumers products not supplied by an auto manufacturer.. Description: Preserving the ability of auto dealers to offer consumers products not supplied by an auto manufacturer.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning physician assistants.. Description: Concerning physician assistants.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Changing the home care agency vendor rate and repealing electronic timekeeping.. Description: Changing the home care agency vendor rate and repealing electronic timekeeping.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the property tax exemption for nonprofit organizations providing rental housing or mobile home park spaces to qualifying households.. Description: Concerning the property tax exemption for nonprofit organizations providing rental housing or mobile home park spaces to qualifying households.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating the state office of the behavioral health ombuds.. Description: Creating the state office of the behavioral health ombuds.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Standardizing definitions of homelessness to improve access to services.. Description: Standardizing definitions of homelessness to improve access to services.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Using respectful language.. Description: Using respectful language.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Earning credit for complying with community custody conditions.. Description: Earning credit for complying with community custody conditions.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning community custody.. Description: Concerning community custody.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the regulation of bot communication on public-facing internet web sites.. Description: Concerning the regulation of bot communication on public-facing internet web sites.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning privacy assessment surveys of state agencies.. Description: Concerning privacy assessment surveys of state agencies.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Streamlining legislative operations by repealing and amending selected statutory committees.. Description: Streamlining legislative operations by repealing and amending selected statutory committees.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning commercial property assessed clean energy and resilience.. Description: Concerning commercial property assessed clean energy and resilience.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning industrial insurance employer penalties, duties, and the licensing of third-party administrators.. Description: Concerning industrial insurance employer penalties, duties, and the licensing of third-party administrators.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Preventing suicide.. Description: Preventing suicide.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning domestic brewery and microbrewery retail licenses.. Description: Concerning domestic brewery and microbrewery retail licenses.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning disclosures of information and records related to forensic mental health services.. Description: Concerning disclosures of information and records related to forensic mental health services.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning individuals serving community custody terms.. Description: Concerning individuals serving community custody terms.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state reimbursement of election costs.. Description: Concerning state reimbursement of election costs.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting patient safety in psychiatric hospitals and other health care facilities.. Description: Protecting patient safety in psychiatric hospitals and other health care facilities.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Tackling climate change as a goal of the growth management act.. Description: Tackling climate change as a goal of the growth management act.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Concerning a medical alert designation on driver's licenses and identicards. ). Description: (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Concerning a medical alert designation on driver's licenses and identicards. )
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving access to temporary assistance for needy families.. Description: Improving access to temporary assistance for needy families.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Regulating online services and applications that are directed at minors.. Description: Regulating online services and applications that are directed at minors.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the use of personal flotation devices on smaller vessels.. Description: Requiring the use of personal flotation devices on smaller vessels.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning enhanced services facilities.. Description: Concerning enhanced services facilities.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning water-sewer district commissioner compensation. (REVISED FOR PASSED LEGISLATURE: Concerning commissioner compensation. ). Description: Concerning water-sewer district commissioner compensation. (REVISED FOR PASSED LEGISLATURE: Concerning commissioner compensation. )
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting access to child care for parents who are attending high school or working toward completion of a high school equivalency certificate.. Description: Supporting access to child care for parents who are attending high school or working toward completion of a high school equivalency certificate.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning working connections child care eligibility.. Description: Concerning working connections child care eligibility.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the health care cost transparency board.. Description: Establishing the health care cost transparency board.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning optional benefits offered by school districts.. Description: Concerning optional benefits offered by school districts.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Including health in the state transportation system policy goals.. Description: Including health in the state transportation system policy goals.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Protecting patients from excess prescription medication charges.. Description: Protecting patients from excess prescription medication charges.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a centralized single point of contact background check system for firearms transfers.. Description: Establishing a centralized single point of contact background check system for firearms transfers.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning working connections child care payment authorizations.. Description: Concerning working connections child care payment authorizations.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning domestic violence.. Description: Concerning domestic violence.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning sales commissions.. Description: Concerning sales commissions.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning debt buyers.. Description: Concerning debt buyers.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing review standards for professional licensing regulation.. Description: Establishing review standards for professional licensing regulation.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying vehicle impoundment and redemption following arrest for driving or being in physical control of a vehicle while under the influence of alcohol or drugs.. Description: Clarifying vehicle impoundment and redemption following arrest for driving or being in physical control of a vehicle while under the influence of alcohol or drugs.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning sunshine committee recommendations regarding juveniles.. Description: Concerning sunshine committee recommendations regarding juveniles.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the electric marine battery incentive.. Description: Extending the electric marine battery incentive.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing the governor to enter into compacts with federally recognized Indian tribes principally located within Washington state for the issuance of tribal license plates and vehicle registration.. Description: Authorizing the governor to enter into compacts with federally recognized Indian tribes principally located within Washington state for the issuance of tribal license plates and vehicle registration.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Adding development of permanently affordable housing to the allowable uses of community revitalization financing, the local infrastructure financing tool, and local revitalization financing.. Description: Adding development of permanently affordable housing to the allowable uses of community revitalization financing, the local infrastructure financing tool, and local revitalization financing.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the safe and efficient transmission and distribution of natural gas.. Description: Concerning the safe and efficient transmission and distribution of natural gas.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing compensation to department of natural resources lessees whose leases are terminated for reasons other than default.. Description: Providing compensation to department of natural resources lessees whose leases are terminated for reasons other than default.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Certifying corrections officers.. Description: Certifying corrections officers.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning allowable uses for the multiuse roadway safety account.. Description: Concerning allowable uses for the multiuse roadway safety account.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Simplifying the process for donating low-value surplus property owned by a city-owned utility.. Description: Simplifying the process for donating low-value surplus property owned by a city-owned utility.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing labor protections for domestic workers.. Description: Providing labor protections for domestic workers.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning interest and penalty relief for qualified mobile home and manufactured home owners.. Description: Concerning interest and penalty relief for qualified mobile home and manufactured home owners.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the practice of transcript withholding and limiting the practice of registration holds at institutions of higher education as debt collection practices.. Description: Prohibiting the practice of transcript withholding and limiting the practice of registration holds at institutions of higher education as debt collection practices.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding the scope of agricultural products subject to requirements in chapter 15.83 RCW related to negotiation concerning production or marketing.. Description: Expanding the scope of agricultural products subject to requirements in chapter 15.83 RCW related to negotiation concerning production or marketing.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the family connections program.. Description: Establishing the family connections program.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the rights of Washingtonians during the United States census.. Description: Concerning the rights of Washingtonians during the United States census.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the contributions of the state's forest products sector as part of the state's global climate response.. Description: Recognizing the contributions of the state's forest products sector as part of the state's global climate response.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing for a grace period before late fees may be imposed for past due rent.. Description: Providing for a grace period before late fees may be imposed for past due rent.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying when campaign funds may be used for child care expenses.. Description: Clarifying when campaign funds may be used for child care expenses.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning tuition waivers for children of eligible veterans.. Description: Concerning tuition waivers for children of eligible veterans.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring eligible veterans and their dependents qualify for in-state residency.. Description: Ensuring eligible veterans and their dependents qualify for in-state residency.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the definition of veteran.. Description: Concerning the definition of veteran.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Making jail records available to managed health care systems.. Description: Making jail records available to managed health care systems.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Permitting students to wear traditional tribal regalia and objects of cultural significance at graduation ceremonies and related events.. Description: Permitting students to wear traditional tribal regalia and objects of cultural significance at graduation ceremonies and related events.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Mitigating inequity in the health insurance market caused by health plans that exclude certain mandated benefits.. Description: Mitigating inequity in the health insurance market caused by health plans that exclude certain mandated benefits.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning background check requirements for firearms classified as other under federal firearms laws.. Description: Concerning background check requirements for firearms classified as other under federal firearms laws.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing regulatory relief for early learning providers.. Description: Providing regulatory relief for early learning providers.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the labeling of disposable wipes products.. Description: Concerning the labeling of disposable wipes products.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning open courts.. Description: Concerning open courts.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning increased deterrence and meaningful enforcement of fish and wildlife violations.. Description: Concerning increased deterrence and meaningful enforcement of fish and wildlife violations.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning reforms to increase transparency and accountability of the Washington redistricting commission.. Description: Concerning reforms to increase transparency and accountability of the Washington redistricting commission.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning private detention facilities.. Description: Concerning private detention facilities.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Reporting on independent living services.. Description: Reporting on independent living services.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing rates for behavioral health services.. Description: Establishing rates for behavioral health services.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a program for the designation of state scenic bikeways.. Description: Establishing a program for the designation of state scenic bikeways.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving openness, accountability, and transparency of special purpose districts.. Description: Improving openness, accountability, and transparency of special purpose districts.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring contact information for suicide prevention and crisis intervention organizations on student and staff identification cards.. Description: Requiring contact information for suicide prevention and crisis intervention organizations on student and staff identification cards.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Fostering economic growth in Washington by supporting emerging businesses in the new space economy.. Description: Fostering economic growth in Washington by supporting emerging businesses in the new space economy.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning services for children with multiple handicaps.. Description: Concerning services for children with multiple handicaps.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the authority of the parks and recreation commission to approve leases.. Description: Concerning the authority of the parks and recreation commission to approve leases.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning hair discrimination.. Description: Concerning hair discrimination.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Assisting homeless individuals in obtaining Washington state identicards.. Description: Assisting homeless individuals in obtaining Washington state identicards.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the sale or lease of manufactured/mobile home communities and the property on which they sit.. Description: Concerning the sale or lease of manufactured/mobile home communities and the property on which they sit.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Granting relief of unemployment benefit charges when discharge is required by law and removing outdated statutory language.. Description: Granting relief of unemployment benefit charges when discharge is required by law and removing outdated statutory language.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning paid family and medical leave.. Description: Concerning paid family and medical leave.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the lease or rental of surplus property of school districts.. Description: Concerning the lease or rental of surplus property of school districts.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing early learning access through licensing, eligibility, and rate improvements.. Description: Increasing early learning access through licensing, eligibility, and rate improvements.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating regulation exemptions for rural health clinics providing services in a designated home health shortage area.. Description: Creating regulation exemptions for rural health clinics providing services in a designated home health shortage area.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning procedures for ensuring compliance with court orders requiring surrender of firearms, weapons, and concealed pistol licenses.. Description: Concerning procedures for ensuring compliance with court orders requiring surrender of firearms, weapons, and concealed pistol licenses.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the possession of firearms by persons convicted of certain criminal offenses.. Description: Prohibiting the possession of firearms by persons convicted of certain criminal offenses.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the authority of the director of the department of agriculture with respect to certain examinations and examination fees.. Description: Concerning the authority of the director of the department of agriculture with respect to certain examinations and examination fees.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning local parks funding options.. Description: Concerning local parks funding options.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Waiving utility connection charges for certain properties.. Description: Waiving utility connection charges for certain properties.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning false reporting of a crime or emergency.. Description: Concerning false reporting of a crime or emergency.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing sports wagering subject to the terms of tribal-state gaming compacts.. Description: Authorizing sports wagering subject to the terms of tribal-state gaming compacts.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying that facilities that are operated by a private entity in which persons are detained in custody under process of law pending the outcome of legal proceedings are not essential public facilities under the growth management act.. Description: Clarifying that facilities that are operated by a private entity in which persons are detained in custody under process of law pending the outcome of legal proceedings are not essential public facilities under the growth management act.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing cities to provide passenger-only ferry service.. Description: Authorizing cities to provide passenger-only ferry service.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Removing health coverage barriers to accessing substance use disorder treatment services.. Description: Removing health coverage barriers to accessing substance use disorder treatment services.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the photovoltaic module stewardship and takeback program.. Description: Concerning the photovoltaic module stewardship and takeback program.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the availability of school meals provided to public school students at no student cost.. Description: Increasing the availability of school meals provided to public school students at no student cost.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing the total cost of insulin.. Description: Reducing the total cost of insulin.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning sheriff's office qualifications.. Description: Concerning sheriff's office qualifications.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating Seattle NHL hockey special license plates. (REVISED FOR PASSED LEGISLATURE: Concerning certain sports-related special license plates. ). Description: Creating Seattle NHL hockey special license plates. (REVISED FOR PASSED LEGISLATURE: Concerning certain sports-related special license plates. )
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning exemptions for infill development under the state environmental policy act.. Description: Concerning exemptions for infill development under the state environmental policy act.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing minimum requirements for the testing of autonomous vehicles.. Description: Establishing minimum requirements for the testing of autonomous vehicles.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Sharing health insurance information to improve the coordination of benefits between health insurers and the health care authority.. Description: Sharing health insurance information to improve the coordination of benefits between health insurers and the health care authority.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing tribal representation on the emergency management council.. Description: Establishing tribal representation on the emergency management council.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning out-of-home services.. Description: Concerning out-of-home services.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning traffic control signals.. Description: Concerning traffic control signals.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Planning for affordable housing under the growth management act.. Description: Planning for affordable housing under the growth management act.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the scope of collective bargaining for language access providers.. Description: Concerning the scope of collective bargaining for language access providers.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning inspection and testing of fire and smoke control systems and dampers.. Description: Concerning inspection and testing of fire and smoke control systems and dampers.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the uses, disclosure, and requirement dates of prescription drug price transparency data.. Description: Modifying the uses, disclosure, and requirement dates of prescription drug price transparency data.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing equitable educational outcomes for foster care and homeless children and youth from prekindergarten to postsecondary education.. Description: Increasing equitable educational outcomes for foster care and homeless children and youth from prekindergarten to postsecondary education.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requiring retailers to indicate the country of origin on beef sold to the public.. Description: Requiring retailers to indicate the country of origin on beef sold to the public.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Encouraging compost procurement and use.. Description: Encouraging compost procurement and use.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Valuing the carbon in forest riparian easements.. Description: Valuing the carbon in forest riparian easements.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Renaming foster resource parents.. Description: Renaming foster resource parents.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing a sustainable funding model for the services provided through the children's mental health services consultation program and the telebehavioral health video call center.. Description: Implementing a sustainable funding model for the services provided through the children's mental health services consultation program and the telebehavioral health video call center.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing military spouse employment.. Description: Addressing military spouse employment.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Reporting of student head injury information sustained during athletics and other activities.. Description: Reporting of student head injury information sustained during athletics and other activities.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating the children's mental health work group.. Description: Updating the children's mental health work group.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Adjusting certain requirements of the shared leave program.. Description: Adjusting certain requirements of the shared leave program.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the state microanimal.. Description: Establishing the state microanimal.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing an extension of time for certain cities to decline to partner with the department of revenue for the issuance or renewal of general business licenses.. Description: Authorizing an extension of time for certain cities to decline to partner with the department of revenue for the issuance or renewal of general business licenses.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning transparency regarding the cost of air ambulance services.. Description: Concerning transparency regarding the cost of air ambulance services.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning official state designations.. Description: Concerning official state designations.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing posttraumatic stress disorders of 911 emergency dispatch personnel.. Description: Recognizing posttraumatic stress disorders of 911 emergency dispatch personnel.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the peer support group testimonial privilege to include staff persons of the department of corrections.. Description: Extending the peer support group testimonial privilege to include staff persons of the department of corrections.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning interest arbitration for department of corrections employees.. Description: Concerning interest arbitration for department of corrections employees.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning urban and community forestry.. Description: Concerning urban and community forestry.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the administration of election campaign activities and reporting statements of financial affairs.. Description: Concerning the administration of election campaign activities and reporting statements of financial affairs.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning transportation.. Description: Concerning transportation.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Practicing colon hydrotherapy.. Description: Practicing colon hydrotherapy.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Standardizing fire safety requirements for mobile on-demand gasoline providers.. Description: Standardizing fire safety requirements for mobile on-demand gasoline providers.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the membership of the criminal justice training commission.. Description: Concerning the membership of the criminal justice training commission.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the opioid epidemic response advisory council.. Description: Establishing the opioid epidemic response advisory council.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Completing the transfer of the early support for infants and toddlers program from the office of the superintendent of public instruction to the department of children, youth, and families.. Description: Completing the transfer of the early support for infants and toddlers program from the office of the superintendent of public instruction to the department of children, youth, and families.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Collecting information regarding police use of deadly force.. Description: Collecting information regarding police use of deadly force.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning missing and unidentified persons.. Description: Concerning missing and unidentified persons.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning juvenile record sealing.. Description: Concerning juvenile record sealing.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing the governor to enter into compacts with Indian tribes addressing certain state retail sales tax, certain state use tax, and certain state business and occupation tax revenues, as specified in a memorandum of understanding entered into by the state, Tulalip tribes, and Snohomish county, in January 2020, and including other terms necessary for the department of revenue to administer any such compact.. Description: Authorizing the governor to enter into compacts with Indian tribes addressing certain state retail sales tax, certain state use tax, and certain state business and occupation tax revenues, as specified in a memorandum of understanding entered into by the state, Tulalip tribes, and Snohomish county, in January 2020, and including other terms necessary for the department of revenue to administer any such compact.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing local government infrastructure.. Description: Addressing local government infrastructure.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Regarding essential needs and housing support eligibility.. Description: Regarding essential needs and housing support eligibility.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a statewide environmental sustainability education program.. Description: Establishing a statewide environmental sustainability education program.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Nurturing positive social and emotional school and classroom climates.. Description: Nurturing positive social and emotional school and classroom climates.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Designating pumped storage projects located in a county bordering the Columbia river utilizing statutorily authorized water rights to be projects of statewide significance.. Description: Designating pumped storage projects located in a county bordering the Columbia river utilizing statutorily authorized water rights to be projects of statewide significance.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Promoting oil-free hydroelectric turbine technology.. Description: Promoting oil-free hydroelectric turbine technology.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying the authority of the liquor and cannabis board to regulate marijuana vapor products.. Description: Clarifying the authority of the liquor and cannabis board to regulate marijuana vapor products.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the board of engineers and land surveyors' appointment of its director and agreement with the department of licensing.. Description: Concerning the board of engineers and land surveyors' appointment of its director and agreement with the department of licensing.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing an unpiloted aircraft system state coordinator.. Description: Establishing an unpiloted aircraft system state coordinator.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding powers granted to state historical societies.. Description: Expanding powers granted to state historical societies.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning housing programs administered by the department of commerce.. Description: Concerning housing programs administered by the department of commerce.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting the effective and efficient administration of the Washington state charter school commission.. Description: Promoting the effective and efficient administration of the Washington state charter school commission.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning requirements for the filing of assessment rolls.. Description: Concerning requirements for the filing of assessment rolls.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington plane coordinate system.. Description: Concerning the Washington plane coordinate system.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a running start summer school pilot program.. Description: Establishing a running start summer school pilot program.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Informing families of kindergarten readiness standards.. Description: Informing families of kindergarten readiness standards.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the calculation of interest associated with annual tax reporting periods without making any changes to the interest rate.. Description: Concerning the calculation of interest associated with annual tax reporting periods without making any changes to the interest rate.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing for extensions of the special valuation of historic property for certain properties.. Description: Allowing for extensions of the special valuation of historic property for certain properties.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing additional marijuana retail licenses for social equity purposes.. Description: Allowing additional marijuana retail licenses for social equity purposes.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning families in conflict.. Description: Concerning families in conflict.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Fostering economic growth in Washington by supporting in-state manufacturing.. Description: Fostering economic growth in Washington by supporting in-state manufacturing.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning sales and use tax exemptions for aircraft fuel used for research and development purposes.. Description: Concerning sales and use tax exemptions for aircraft fuel used for research and development purposes.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding adolescent behavioral health care access.. Description: Expanding adolescent behavioral health care access.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning utility tax disclosures.. Description: Concerning utility tax disclosures.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning boarding homes.. Description: Concerning boarding homes.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the use of surplus property for public benefit.. Description: Concerning the use of surplus property for public benefit.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing outreach and engagement with access to baby and child dentistry programs.. Description: Increasing outreach and engagement with access to baby and child dentistry programs.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the use of radio collars on gray wolves by the department of fish and wildlife.. Description: Concerning the use of radio collars on gray wolves by the department of fish and wildlife.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding access to critical incident stress management programs.. Description: Expanding access to critical incident stress management programs.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the state's response to the novel coronavirus.. Description: Concerning the state's response to the novel coronavirus.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adjusting predesign requirements and thresholds.. Description: Adjusting predesign requirements and thresholds.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing affordable housing needs through the multifamily housing tax exemption by providing an extension of the exemption until January 1, 2022, for certain properties currently receiving a twelve-year exemption and by convening a work group.. Description: Addressing affordable housing needs through the multifamily housing tax exemption by providing an extension of the exemption until January 1, 2022, for certain properties currently receiving a twelve-year exemption and by convening a work group.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning online access to health care resources for veterinarians and veterinary technicians.. Description: Concerning online access to health care resources for veterinarians and veterinary technicians.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning human remains.. Description: Concerning human remains.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning limited cooperative associations.. Description: Concerning limited cooperative associations.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning Washington's business corporation act.. Description: Concerning Washington's business corporation act.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing animal care and control agencies and nonprofit humane societies to provide additional veterinary services to low-income households.. Description: Allowing animal care and control agencies and nonprofit humane societies to provide additional veterinary services to low-income households.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing the sale of wine by microbrewery license holders.. Description: Allowing the sale of wine by microbrewery license holders.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning short subdivisions.. Description: Concerning short subdivisions.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning protected lands not being assessed local fire district levies.. Description: Concerning protected lands not being assessed local fire district levies.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning a community aviation revitalization loan program.. Description: Concerning a community aviation revitalization loan program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning governmental continuity during emergency periods.. Description: Concerning governmental continuity during emergency periods.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the uniform unsworn declarations act.. Description: Concerning the uniform unsworn declarations act.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Granting interest arbitration to department of corrections employees.. Description: Granting interest arbitration to department of corrections employees.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Granting binding interest arbitration rights to certain higher education uniformed personnel.. Description: Granting binding interest arbitration rights to certain higher education uniformed personnel.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning an ethnic studies curriculum for public school students.. Description: Concerning an ethnic studies curriculum for public school students.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the transparency of local taxing districts.. Description: Concerning the transparency of local taxing districts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating sales and use and excise tax exemptions for self-help housing development.. Description: Creating sales and use and excise tax exemptions for self-help housing development.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning extreme risk protection orders.. Description: Concerning extreme risk protection orders.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Declaring September the month of the kindergartner.. Description: Declaring September the month of the kindergartner.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning service contract providers.. Description: Concerning service contract providers.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning medicare supplemental insurance policies.. Description: Concerning medicare supplemental insurance policies.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Enhancing the prevailing wage laws to ensure contractor and owner accountability and worker protection.. Description: Enhancing the prevailing wage laws to ensure contractor and owner accountability and worker protection.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the compensation of commissioners of certain metropolitan park districts.. Description: Concerning the compensation of commissioners of certain metropolitan park districts.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Incentivizing the development of commercial office space in cities with a population of greater than fifty thousand and located in a county with a population of less than one million five hundred thousand.. Description: Incentivizing the development of commercial office space in cities with a population of greater than fifty thousand and located in a county with a population of less than one million five hundred thousand.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the behavioral health workforce by establishing a reciprocity program to increase the portability of behavioral health licenses and certifications.. Description: Increasing the behavioral health workforce by establishing a reciprocity program to increase the portability of behavioral health licenses and certifications.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing prepaid postage for all election ballots.. Description: Providing prepaid postage for all election ballots.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying certain common school provisions.. Description: Modifying certain common school provisions.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Enacting the uniform faithful presidential electors act.. Description: Enacting the uniform faithful presidential electors act.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting single-use plastic straws.. Description: Prohibiting single-use plastic straws.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requiring disclosure of federal income tax returns of presidential and vice presidential candidates prior to appearing on the ballot.. Description: Requiring disclosure of federal income tax returns of presidential and vice presidential candidates prior to appearing on the ballot.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Enacting the Native American voting rights act of Washington.. Description: Enacting the Native American voting rights act of Washington.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a committee to promote and expand social emotional learning.. Description: Creating a committee to promote and expand social emotional learning.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing certain records, documents, proceedings, and published laws of federally recognized Indian tribes to be admitted as evidence in courts of Washington state.. Description: Allowing certain records, documents, proceedings, and published laws of federally recognized Indian tribes to be admitted as evidence in courts of Washington state.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Awarding credits for computer science.. Description: Awarding credits for computer science.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing early learning access for children ages thirty months and older with developmental delays or disabilities.. Description: Increasing early learning access for children ages thirty months and older with developmental delays or disabilities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state and federal special education funding.. Description: Concerning state and federal special education funding.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Enhancing litter control along state highways.. Description: Enhancing litter control along state highways.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning short-term case aides that provide temporary assistance for foster parents.. Description: Concerning short-term case aides that provide temporary assistance for foster parents.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the licensure and certification of massage therapists and reflexologists.. Description: Concerning the licensure and certification of massage therapists and reflexologists.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the creation of a work group to study and make recommendations on natural disaster mitigation and resiliency activities.. Description: Concerning the creation of a work group to study and make recommendations on natural disaster mitigation and resiliency activities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing trust institutions.. Description: Addressing trust institutions.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning community and technical colleges granting high school diplomas.. Description: Concerning community and technical colleges granting high school diplomas.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Supporting Washington's clean energy economy and transitioning to a clean, affordable, and reliable energy future.. Description: Supporting Washington's clean energy economy and transitioning to a clean, affordable, and reliable energy future.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Including highway workers employed on a transportation project by a contractor in the tuition and fee exemption for children and surviving spouses of highway workers.. Description: Including highway workers employed on a transportation project by a contractor in the tuition and fee exemption for children and surviving spouses of highway workers.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Contracting with private correctional facilities for the transfer or placement of offenders.. Description: Contracting with private correctional facilities for the transfer or placement of offenders.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing insurance coverage for water-sewer district commissioners.. Description: Addressing insurance coverage for water-sewer district commissioners.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning appraisal management company Title XI compliance and license expiration.. Description: Concerning appraisal management company Title XI compliance and license expiration.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing consistency and efficiency in the regulation of auctioneers and auction companies, engineering and land surveying, real estate, funeral directors, and cosmetology.. Description: Providing consistency and efficiency in the regulation of auctioneers and auction companies, engineering and land surveying, real estate, funeral directors, and cosmetology.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the traumatic brain injury fee.. Description: Increasing the traumatic brain injury fee.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Regarding foreclosure and distraint sales of manufactured/mobile or park model homes.. Description: Regarding foreclosure and distraint sales of manufactured/mobile or park model homes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing noncollection of taxes by county treasurers.. Description: Addressing noncollection of taxes by county treasurers.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Preventing toxic pollution that affects public health or the environment.. Description: Preventing toxic pollution that affects public health or the environment.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the aircraft excise tax.. Description: Modifying the aircraft excise tax.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning daylight saving time in Washington state.. Description: Concerning daylight saving time in Washington state.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning school resource officer mandatory training and policies.. Description: Concerning school resource officer mandatory training and policies.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing child support pass-through payments.. Description: Implementing child support pass-through payments.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the use of hydraulic fracturing in the exploration for and production of oil and natural gas.. Description: Concerning the use of hydraulic fracturing in the exploration for and production of oil and natural gas.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing tax relief to females by exempting feminine hygiene products from retail sales and use tax.. Description: Providing tax relief to females by exempting feminine hygiene products from retail sales and use tax.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning visible clothing requirements for hunting.. Description: Concerning visible clothing requirements for hunting.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Monitoring of domestic violence perpetrators.. Description: Monitoring of domestic violence perpetrators.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring the growth management hearings board to topically index the rulings, decisions, and orders it publishes.. Description: Requiring the growth management hearings board to topically index the rulings, decisions, and orders it publishes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning property tax exemptions for service-connected disabled veterans and senior citizens.. Description: Concerning property tax exemptions for service-connected disabled veterans and senior citizens.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying qualifications for jury service.. Description: Clarifying qualifications for jury service.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning actions for wrongful injury or death.. Description: Concerning actions for wrongful injury or death.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing public assistance to certain victims of human trafficking.. Description: Providing public assistance to certain victims of human trafficking.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning discrimination based on citizenship or immigration status.. Description: Concerning discrimination based on citizenship or immigration status.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing religious accommodations for postsecondary students.. Description: Providing religious accommodations for postsecondary students.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing the linked deposit program.. Description: Addressing the linked deposit program.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying notice and opportunity provisions relating to certain enforcement actions taken by a homeowners' or condominium association.. Description: Modifying notice and opportunity provisions relating to certain enforcement actions taken by a homeowners' or condominium association.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning firefighter safety.. Description: Concerning firefighter safety.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning cemetery district withdrawal of territory.. Description: Concerning cemetery district withdrawal of territory.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning county electrical traffic control signals, illumination equipment, and other electrical equipment conveying an electrical current.. Description: Concerning county electrical traffic control signals, illumination equipment, and other electrical equipment conveying an electrical current.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning certain procedures upon initial detention under the involuntary treatment act.. Description: Concerning certain procedures upon initial detention under the involuntary treatment act.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning relocation assistance for manufactured/mobile home park tenants.. Description: Concerning relocation assistance for manufactured/mobile home park tenants.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning prescription coverage and the use of nonresident pharmacies.. Description: Concerning prescription coverage and the use of nonresident pharmacies.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington national guard postsecondary education grant program.. Description: Concerning the Washington national guard postsecondary education grant program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Granting certain correctional employees binding interest arbitration.. Description: Granting certain correctional employees binding interest arbitration.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning provisions governing firearms possession by persons who have been found incompetent to stand trial and who have a history of one or more violent acts.. Description: Concerning provisions governing firearms possession by persons who have been found incompetent to stand trial and who have a history of one or more violent acts.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating leave provisions for legislative service.. Description: Creating leave provisions for legislative service.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning notification of felony voting rights and restoration.. Description: Concerning notification of felony voting rights and restoration.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Notifying purchasers of hearing instruments about uses and benefits of telecoil and bluetooth technology.. Description: Notifying purchasers of hearing instruments about uses and benefits of telecoil and bluetooth technology.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the use of live animals to practice invasive medical procedures in paramedic training programs.. Description: Prohibiting the use of live animals to practice invasive medical procedures in paramedic training programs.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the adoption of dogs and cats used for science or research purposes.. Description: Concerning the adoption of dogs and cats used for science or research purposes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning mobile food units.. Description: Concerning mobile food units.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning disclosure of contributions from political committees to other political committees.. Description: Concerning disclosure of contributions from political committees to other political committees.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning net metering.. Description: Concerning net metering.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning advisory votes.. Description: Concerning advisory votes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning deadlines for receipt of voter registrations by election officials.. Description: Concerning deadlines for receipt of voter registrations by election officials.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the authorization to impose special excise taxes on the sale of lodging.. Description: Concerning the authorization to impose special excise taxes on the sale of lodging.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Amending motor vehicle laws to align with federal definitions, make technical corrections, and move an effective date to meet a federal timeline.. Description: Amending motor vehicle laws to align with federal definitions, make technical corrections, and move an effective date to meet a federal timeline.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating an alternative process for sick leave benefits for workers represented by collective bargaining agreements.. Description: Creating an alternative process for sick leave benefits for workers represented by collective bargaining agreements.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging apprenticeships.. Description: Encouraging apprenticeships.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing catastrophic incidents that are natural or human-caused emergencies by providing guidance that may be used by state public schools to plan for seismic catastrophic incidents.. Description: Addressing catastrophic incidents that are natural or human-caused emergencies by providing guidance that may be used by state public schools to plan for seismic catastrophic incidents.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Preventing the sexual harassment and sexual assault of certain isolated workers.. Description: Preventing the sexual harassment and sexual assault of certain isolated workers.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning powers to waive statutory obligations or limitations during a state of emergency in order to cope with the emergency.. Description: Concerning powers to waive statutory obligations or limitations during a state of emergency in order to cope with the emergency.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning school bus driver requirements.. Description: Concerning school bus driver requirements.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the role of volunteerism within state government.. Description: Concerning the role of volunteerism within state government.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning timely elections for governing body members in jurisdictions modifying districting plans under the Washington voting rights act.. Description: Concerning timely elections for governing body members in jurisdictions modifying districting plans under the Washington voting rights act.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Exempting certain marine cargo from vehicle registrations.. Description: Exempting certain marine cargo from vehicle registrations.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the maximum tax rate for the voter-approved local sales and use tax for emergency communication systems and facilities.. Description: Increasing the maximum tax rate for the voter-approved local sales and use tax for emergency communication systems and facilities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the presidential primary.. Description: Concerning the presidential primary.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning dental coverage for Pacific islanders residing in Washington.. Description: Concerning dental coverage for Pacific islanders residing in Washington.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing hemp production in conformance with the agriculture improvement act of 2018.. Description: Authorizing hemp production in conformance with the agriculture improvement act of 2018.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning reporting suspected fraud and theft of payment cards.. Description: Concerning reporting suspected fraud and theft of payment cards.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Regulating outdoor burning for the protection of life or property and for public health, safety, and welfare.. Description: Regulating outdoor burning for the protection of life or property and for public health, safety, and welfare.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring informed consent for pelvic exams.. Description: Requiring informed consent for pelvic exams.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning smoke detection devices.. Description: Concerning smoke detection devices.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Ensuring accurate redistricting.. Description: Ensuring accurate redistricting.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Sentencing for persistent offenders.. Description: Sentencing for persistent offenders.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating the use of the valid court order exception to place youth in detention for noncriminal behavior.. Description: Eliminating the use of the valid court order exception to place youth in detention for noncriminal behavior.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating alternatives to total confinement for certain qualifying persons with minor children.. Description: Creating alternatives to total confinement for certain qualifying persons with minor children.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning prescription drug cost transparency.. Description: Concerning prescription drug cost transparency.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning labor neutrality and contractor compliance for certain contracted service providers.. Description: Concerning labor neutrality and contractor compliance for certain contracted service providers.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending collective bargaining rights to assistant attorneys general.. Description: Extending collective bargaining rights to assistant attorneys general.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Regarding labeling of marijuana products.. Description: Regarding labeling of marijuana products.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning impaired driving.. Description: Concerning impaired driving.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing coroners with additional subpoena duces tecum authority.. Description: Providing coroners with additional subpoena duces tecum authority.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing motorcycle safety.. Description: Addressing motorcycle safety.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the financing of local infrastructure.. Description: Concerning the financing of local infrastructure.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning electric utility wildland fire prevention.. Description: Concerning electric utility wildland fire prevention.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning performance-based contracting services by energy service contractors.. Description: Concerning performance-based contracting services by energy service contractors.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Correcting agency names and accounts in statutes to reflect the organizational structure, duties, and responsibilities of the office of financial management.. Description: Correcting agency names and accounts in statutes to reflect the organizational structure, duties, and responsibilities of the office of financial management.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating, revising, or decodifying obsolete or inactive statutory provisions that concern the office of financial management.. Description: Eliminating, revising, or decodifying obsolete or inactive statutory provisions that concern the office of financial management.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning school levies.. Description: Concerning school levies.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Reforming the compliance and enforcement provisions for marijuana licensees.. Description: Reforming the compliance and enforcement provisions for marijuana licensees.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Ensuring compliance with the federal clean water act by prohibiting certain discharges into waters of the state.. Description: Ensuring compliance with the federal clean water act by prohibiting certain discharges into waters of the state.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing pollution from plastic bags by establishing minimum state standards for the use of bags at retail establishments.. Description: Reducing pollution from plastic bags by establishing minimum state standards for the use of bags at retail establishments.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning support for students experiencing homelessness.. Description: Concerning support for students experiencing homelessness.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding career connected learning opportunities.. Description: Expanding career connected learning opportunities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Analyzing state regulatory impact on small forest landowners.. Description: Analyzing state regulatory impact on small forest landowners.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning vital statistics.. Description: Concerning vital statistics.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Making changes related to the uniform parentage act for access to court records, compliance with regulations of the food and drug administration, enacting a repealed section of chapter 26.26 RCW, and correcting citations and terminology.. Description: Making changes related to the uniform parentage act for access to court records, compliance with regulations of the food and drug administration, enacting a repealed section of chapter 26.26 RCW, and correcting citations and terminology.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Washington uniform common interest ownership act.. Description: Concerning the Washington uniform common interest ownership act.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding a sales and use tax exemption for personal property sold between political subdivisions to include sales or uses of personal property as a result of a merger or sales or uses of personal property made under contractual consolidations in which the taxpayer that originally paid the sales or use tax continues to benefit from the personal property.. Description: Expanding a sales and use tax exemption for personal property sold between political subdivisions to include sales or uses of personal property as a result of a merger or sales or uses of personal property made under contractual consolidations in which the taxpayer that originally paid the sales or use tax continues to benefit from the personal property.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Reducing criminal justice expenses by eliminating the death penalty and instead requiring life imprisonment without possibility of release or parole as the sentence for aggravated first degree murder.. Description: Reducing criminal justice expenses by eliminating the death penalty and instead requiring life imprisonment without possibility of release or parole as the sentence for aggravated first degree murder.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the purchase of an optional life annuity benefit for certain public retirement system members.. Description: Concerning the purchase of an optional life annuity benefit for certain public retirement system members.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Walla Walla watershed management pilot program.. Description: Concerning the Walla Walla watershed management pilot program.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning programs for highly capable students.. Description: Concerning programs for highly capable students.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Recovering service credit withdrawn from the public employees' retirement system for certain law enforcement officers and firefighters.. Description: Recovering service credit withdrawn from the public employees' retirement system for certain law enforcement officers and firefighters.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the Washington state LGBTQ commission.. Description: Establishing the Washington state LGBTQ commission.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Funding investigations to protect individuals with disabilities in the supported living program.. Description: Funding investigations to protect individuals with disabilities in the supported living program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing plan membership default provisions in the public employees' retirement system, the teachers' retirement system, and the school employees' retirement system.. Description: Addressing plan membership default provisions in the public employees' retirement system, the teachers' retirement system, and the school employees' retirement system.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the creation of a deferred prosecution program for nonpayment of license fees and taxes for vehicle, vessel, and aircraft registrations.. Description: Addressing the creation of a deferred prosecution program for nonpayment of license fees and taxes for vehicle, vessel, and aircraft registrations.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Extending the property tax exemption for new and rehabilitated multiple-unit dwellings in urban centers.. Description: Extending the property tax exemption for new and rehabilitated multiple-unit dwellings in urban centers.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding the property tax exemption for new and rehabilitated multiple-unit dwellings in urban centers.. Description: Expanding the property tax exemption for new and rehabilitated multiple-unit dwellings in urban centers.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating the purple star award for military friendly schools.. Description: Creating the purple star award for military friendly schools.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a state commercial aviation coordinating commission.. Description: Creating a state commercial aviation coordinating commission.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning comprehensive sexual health education.. Description: Concerning comprehensive sexual health education.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Making the public art capital budget language permanent for efficiency.. Description: Making the public art capital budget language permanent for efficiency.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Protecting consumer data.. Description: Protecting consumer data.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning opioid use disorder treatment, prevention, and related services.. Description: Concerning opioid use disorder treatment, prevention, and related services.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning tiny houses.. Description: Concerning tiny houses.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning telemedicine payment parity.. Description: Concerning telemedicine payment parity.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning training standards in providing telemedicine services.. Description: Concerning training standards in providing telemedicine services.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning physician credentialing in telemedicine services.. Description: Concerning physician credentialing in telemedicine services.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a training course for campaign treasurers.. Description: Establishing a training course for campaign treasurers.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a telehealth training and treatment program to assist youth.. Description: Establishing a telehealth training and treatment program to assist youth.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a statewide free college program by changing the state need grant to the Washington college promise scholarship.. Description: Establishing a statewide free college program by changing the state need grant to the Washington college promise scholarship.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning liquor licensees' use of web sites and social media to promote authorized events.. Description: Concerning liquor licensees' use of web sites and social media to promote authorized events.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the responsible management of plastic packaging.. Description: Concerning the responsible management of plastic packaging.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning unemployment benefit eligibility for apprentices.. Description: Concerning unemployment benefit eligibility for apprentices.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning child relocation by a person with joint decision-making authority and equal residential time.. Description: Concerning child relocation by a person with joint decision-making authority and equal residential time.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing a benefit increase to certain retirees of the public employees' retirement system plan 1 and the teachers' retirement system plan 1.. Description: Providing a benefit increase to certain retirees of the public employees' retirement system plan 1 and the teachers' retirement system plan 1.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving tax and licensing laws administered by the department of revenue, but not including changes to tax laws that are estimated to affect state or local tax collections as reflected in any fiscal note prepared and approved under the process established in chapter 43.88A RCW.. Description: Improving tax and licensing laws administered by the department of revenue, but not including changes to tax laws that are estimated to affect state or local tax collections as reflected in any fiscal note prepared and approved under the process established in chapter 43.88A RCW.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning safe egress from adult family homes.. Description: Concerning safe egress from adult family homes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding the definition of fish habitat enhancement projects.. Description: Expanding the definition of fish habitat enhancement projects.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning nondiscrimination in access to organ transplants.. Description: Concerning nondiscrimination in access to organ transplants.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a systemwide credit policy regarding advanced placement, international baccalaureate, and Cambridge international exams.. Description: Establishing a systemwide credit policy regarding advanced placement, international baccalaureate, and Cambridge international exams.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the Washington Indian health improvement act.. Description: Creating the Washington Indian health improvement act.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning local government procurement modernization and efficiency.. Description: Concerning local government procurement modernization and efficiency.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning maternal mortality reviews.. Description: Concerning maternal mortality reviews.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning veterans' mental health services at institutions of higher education.. Description: Concerning veterans' mental health services at institutions of higher education.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Including referred and diverted youth in establishing community juvenile accountability program guidelines.. Description: Including referred and diverted youth in establishing community juvenile accountability program guidelines.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning fully implementing behavioral health integration for January 1, 2020, by removing behavioral health organizations from law; clarifying the roles and responsibilities among the health care authority, department of social and health services, and department of health, and the roles and responsibilities of behavioral health administrative services organizations and medicaid managed care organizations; and making technical corrections related to the behavioral health system.. Description: Concerning fully implementing behavioral health integration for January 1, 2020, by removing behavioral health organizations from law; clarifying the roles and responsibilities among the health care authority, department of social and health services, and department of health, and the roles and responsibilities of behavioral health administrative services organizations and medicaid managed care organizations; and making technical corrections related to the behavioral health system.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing postsecondary education opportunities to enhance public safety.. Description: Providing postsecondary education opportunities to enhance public safety.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Restricting possession of weapons in certain locations.. Description: Restricting possession of weapons in certain locations.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding membership of the department of children, youth, and families oversight board to include two youth under the age of twenty-five.. Description: Expanding membership of the department of children, youth, and families oversight board to include two youth under the age of twenty-five.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding eligibility to the early childhood education and assistance program.. Description: Expanding eligibility to the early childhood education and assistance program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the H-2A temporary agricultural program.. Description: Concerning the H-2A temporary agricultural program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning confidentiality of employment security department records and data.. Description: Concerning confidentiality of employment security department records and data.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Extending rental vouchers for eligible offenders.. Description: Extending rental vouchers for eligible offenders.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the state board of registration for professional engineers and land surveyors.. Description: Concerning the state board of registration for professional engineers and land surveyors.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing timely competency evaluations and restoration services to persons suffering from behavioral health disorders within the framework of the forensic mental health care system consistent with the requirements agreed to in the Trueblood settlement agreement.. Description: Providing timely competency evaluations and restoration services to persons suffering from behavioral health disorders within the framework of the forensic mental health care system consistent with the requirements agreed to in the Trueblood settlement agreement.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Extending the dairy milk assessment fee to June 30, 2025.. Description: Extending the dairy milk assessment fee to June 30, 2025.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning superior court judges.. Description: Concerning superior court judges.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the administration of irrigation districts.. Description: Concerning the administration of irrigation districts.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Naming of subcontractors by prime contract bidders on public works contracts.. Description: Naming of subcontractors by prime contract bidders on public works contracts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the sharing of information between participants in multidisciplinary coordination of child sexual abuse investigations.. Description: Concerning the sharing of information between participants in multidisciplinary coordination of child sexual abuse investigations.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Extending the tax preferences in RCW 82.04.260(12).. Description: Extending the tax preferences in RCW 82.04.260(12).
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the validity of temporary elevator licenses, expanding membership of the elevator safety advisory committee, allowing homeowners to remove certain conveyances from their residences, and eliminating duplicate paperwork.. Description: Extending the validity of temporary elevator licenses, expanding membership of the elevator safety advisory committee, allowing homeowners to remove certain conveyances from their residences, and eliminating duplicate paperwork.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Making unemployment benefits accessible to persons with family responsibilities and other availability issues and making clarifying changes.. Description: Making unemployment benefits accessible to persons with family responsibilities and other availability issues and making clarifying changes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning industrial insurance and self-insurers.. Description: Concerning industrial insurance and self-insurers.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning restraints on persons engaging in lawful professions, trades, or businesses.. Description: Concerning restraints on persons engaging in lawful professions, trades, or businesses.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the renewal of real estate appraiser certificates, licenses, and registrations.. Description: Concerning the renewal of real estate appraiser certificates, licenses, and registrations.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a coalition of commissioned officers, detectives, and sergeants of the department of fish and wildlife for the purposes of collective bargaining, including interest arbitration.. Description: Establishing a coalition of commissioned officers, detectives, and sergeants of the department of fish and wildlife for the purposes of collective bargaining, including interest arbitration.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Improving services for individuals with developmental disabilities.. Description: Improving services for individuals with developmental disabilities.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Licensing of music therapists.. Description: Licensing of music therapists.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the sentencing of persons under the age of twenty-one years at the time of the commission of a crime.. Description: Concerning the sentencing of persons under the age of twenty-one years at the time of the commission of a crime.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a healthy environment for all by creating a definition of environmental justice, directing agencies to address environmental health disparities, and creating a task force.. Description: Establishing a healthy environment for all by creating a definition of environmental justice, directing agencies to address environmental health disparities, and creating a task force.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Transferring duties of the life sciences discovery fund.. Description: Transferring duties of the life sciences discovery fund.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Sentencing of motor vehicle-related felonies.. Description: Sentencing of motor vehicle-related felonies.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a board of advisors to provide local guidance to community services offices operated by the department of social and health services.. Description: Establishing a board of advisors to provide local guidance to community services offices operated by the department of social and health services.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning modification of precinct and district boundary lines.. Description: Concerning modification of precinct and district boundary lines.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a statewide policy supporting Washington state's economy and immigrants' role in the workplace.. Description: Establishing a statewide policy supporting Washington state's economy and immigrants' role in the workplace.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the electronic authentication act.. Description: Repealing the electronic authentication act.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Aligning statutory redistricting deadlines to the Constitution.. Description: Aligning statutory redistricting deadlines to the Constitution.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning state board of health rules regarding on-site sewage systems.. Description: Concerning state board of health rules regarding on-site sewage systems.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning state agency employee access to peer-reviewed journals.. Description: Concerning state agency employee access to peer-reviewed journals.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the use of local stormwater charges paid by the department of transportation.. Description: Addressing the use of local stormwater charges paid by the department of transportation.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning parking at rest areas.. Description: Concerning parking at rest areas.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying background check requirements for an application for a concealed pistol license.. Description: Clarifying background check requirements for an application for a concealed pistol license.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding affordable, resilient broadband service to enable economic development, public safety, health care, and education in Washington's communities.. Description: Expanding affordable, resilient broadband service to enable economic development, public safety, health care, and education in Washington's communities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning first responder agency notifications to schools regarding potential threats.. Description: Concerning first responder agency notifications to schools regarding potential threats.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requiring property sold in tax lien foreclosure proceedings to be sold as is.. Description: Requiring property sold in tax lien foreclosure proceedings to be sold as is.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning mosquito control districts.. Description: Concerning mosquito control districts.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing code cities with the ability to annex unincorporated areas pursuant to a jointly approved interlocal agreement with the county.. Description: Providing code cities with the ability to annex unincorporated areas pursuant to a jointly approved interlocal agreement with the county.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Improving managed care organization performance in caring for medicaid clients.. Description: Improving managed care organization performance in caring for medicaid clients.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning whitetail deer population estimates.. Description: Concerning whitetail deer population estimates.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the availability of quality, affordable health coverage in the individual market.. Description: Increasing the availability of quality, affordable health coverage in the individual market.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning special education.. Description: Concerning special education.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning certificates of parental improvement.. Description: Concerning certificates of parental improvement.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning intermediate care facilities for individuals with intellectual disability.. Description: Concerning intermediate care facilities for individuals with intellectual disability.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the types of commercial driver waivers allowed for military veterans.. Description: Increasing the types of commercial driver waivers allowed for military veterans.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Modernizing resident distillery marketing and sales restrictions.. Description: Modernizing resident distillery marketing and sales restrictions.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Implementing the recommendations of the pesticide application safety work group.. Description: Implementing the recommendations of the pesticide application safety work group.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning courthouse facility dog assistance for testifying witnesses.. Description: Concerning courthouse facility dog assistance for testifying witnesses.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the protection of native pollinators, including bees.. Description: Concerning the protection of native pollinators, including bees.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Reinstating the authority of the department of social and health services and the health care authority to purchase interpreter services for applicants and recipients of public assistance who are sensory-impaired.. Description: Reinstating the authority of the department of social and health services and the health care authority to purchase interpreter services for applicants and recipients of public assistance who are sensory-impaired.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning mediation of disputes between elected officials.. Description: Concerning mediation of disputes between elected officials.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning setting fees for administration of the prevailing wage program.. Description: Concerning setting fees for administration of the prevailing wage program.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing modernization grants for small school districts.. Description: Authorizing modernization grants for small school districts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the protection of southern resident orca whales from vessels.. Description: Concerning the protection of southern resident orca whales from vessels.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the volatility of crude oil received in the state by rail.. Description: Concerning the volatility of crude oil received in the state by rail.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving the effectiveness and adequacy of state tax laws by clarifying and simplifying nexus provisions, by decreasing compliance and administrative burdens for taxpayers and the department of revenue, by facilitating the collection of new tax revenue resulting from the United States supreme court's decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., by providing more consistent tax obligations for both domestic and foreign sellers, and by simplifying the expiration of sales tax sourcing mitigation payments to local governments on September 30, 2019.. Description: Improving the effectiveness and adequacy of state tax laws by clarifying and simplifying nexus provisions, by decreasing compliance and administrative burdens for taxpayers and the department of revenue, by facilitating the collection of new tax revenue resulting from the United States supreme court's decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., by providing more consistent tax obligations for both domestic and foreign sellers, and by simplifying the expiration of sales tax sourcing mitigation payments to local governments on September 30, 2019.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning joint self-insurance programs for property and liability risks.. Description: Concerning joint self-insurance programs for property and liability risks.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning cooperation between conservation districts.. Description: Concerning cooperation between conservation districts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing the production, distribution, and sale of renewable hydrogen.. Description: Authorizing the production, distribution, and sale of renewable hydrogen.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Exempting previously registered vehicles from the stolen vehicle check fee.. Description: Exempting previously registered vehicles from the stolen vehicle check fee.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Addressing equity in access to dual credit opportunities.. Description: Addressing equity in access to dual credit opportunities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the expiration date on the health sciences and services authority sales and use tax authorization.. Description: Extending the expiration date on the health sciences and services authority sales and use tax authorization.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a work group on aerial pesticide applications in forestlands.. Description: Creating a work group on aerial pesticide applications in forestlands.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning residential tenant protections.. Description: Concerning residential tenant protections.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning health care benefit management.. Description: Concerning health care benefit management.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating barriers to reproductive health care for all.. Description: Eliminating barriers to reproductive health care for all.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning enrollment and course registration access for children of military families.. Description: Concerning enrollment and course registration access for children of military families.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the uniform guardianship, conservatorship, and other protective arrangements act.. Description: Concerning the uniform guardianship, conservatorship, and other protective arrangements act.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning misdemeanor marijuana offense convictions.. Description: Concerning misdemeanor marijuana offense convictions.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning dual language learning in early learning and K-12 education.. Description: Concerning dual language learning in early learning and K-12 education.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning Holocaust education.. Description: Concerning Holocaust education.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the authority of counties to vacate a county road that abuts on a body of water if the county road is hazardous or creates a significant risk to public safety.. Description: Concerning the authority of counties to vacate a county road that abuts on a body of water if the county road is hazardous or creates a significant risk to public safety.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Manicuring for diabetics.. Description: Manicuring for diabetics.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the jurisdictional amount for small claims courts.. Description: Increasing the jurisdictional amount for small claims courts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Revising the authority of commissioners of courts of limited jurisdiction.. Description: Revising the authority of commissioners of courts of limited jurisdiction.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the healthy energy workers board.. Description: Establishing the healthy energy workers board.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the classification of heavy equipment rental property as inventory.. Description: Concerning the classification of heavy equipment rental property as inventory.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Supporting and expanding behavioral health workforce pathway programs.. Description: Supporting and expanding behavioral health workforce pathway programs.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding opportunities for students to pursue mental and behavioral health professions.. Description: Expanding opportunities for students to pursue mental and behavioral health professions.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the validity of distributed ledger technology.. Description: Recognizing the validity of distributed ledger technology.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning youth courts.. Description: Concerning youth courts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the 2018 uniform law commission amendments to the uniform law on notarial acts.. Description: Adopting the 2018 uniform law commission amendments to the uniform law on notarial acts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Adjusting the statute of limitations for sexual assault.. Description: Adjusting the statute of limitations for sexual assault.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a kinship care legal aid coordinator.. Description: Establishing a kinship care legal aid coordinator.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying personal belonging disposal for impounded vehicles.. Description: Clarifying personal belonging disposal for impounded vehicles.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing permissible methods of parking a motorcycle.. Description: Establishing permissible methods of parking a motorcycle.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the mitigation of public facilities in certain cities.. Description: Concerning the mitigation of public facilities in certain cities.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning cloud computing solutions.. Description: Concerning cloud computing solutions.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning moneys received at auctions conducted by registered tow truck operators.. Description: Concerning moneys received at auctions conducted by registered tow truck operators.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding the allowable powers of fire protection districts.. Description: Expanding the allowable powers of fire protection districts.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning adult family home specialty services.. Description: Concerning adult family home specialty services.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Allowing new government employees the option of opting out of retirement system membership if the employee is age sixty or older when first hired, or when the employee's employer opts into retirement plan participation.. Description: Allowing new government employees the option of opting out of retirement system membership if the employee is age sixty or older when first hired, or when the employee's employer opts into retirement plan participation.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning athletic trainers.. Description: Concerning athletic trainers.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning harassment, intimidation, bullying, and discrimination in public schools.. Description: Concerning harassment, intimidation, bullying, and discrimination in public schools.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning commercial beekeeper drivers.. Description: Concerning commercial beekeeper drivers.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning high occupancy vehicle lane penalties.. Description: Concerning high occupancy vehicle lane penalties.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the active transportation safety advisory council.. Description: Establishing the active transportation safety advisory council.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the reliability of evidence in criminal proceedings.. Description: Concerning the reliability of evidence in criminal proceedings.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Defining when federal government employees are unemployed for purposes of unemployment insurance.. Description: Defining when federal government employees are unemployed for purposes of unemployment insurance.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the child welfare housing assistance program that provides housing assistance to parents reunifying with a child and parents at risk of having a child removed.. Description: Establishing the child welfare housing assistance program that provides housing assistance to parents reunifying with a child and parents at risk of having a child removed.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the involuntary treatment act.. Description: Concerning the involuntary treatment act.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing safety on roadways for pedestrians, bicyclists, and other roadway users.. Description: Increasing safety on roadways for pedestrians, bicyclists, and other roadway users.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning petitions for proposed transfer of school district territory.. Description: Concerning petitions for proposed transfer of school district territory.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the hospital safety net assessment.. Description: Concerning the hospital safety net assessment.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the appropriate age for juvenile court adjudication.. Description: Concerning the appropriate age for juvenile court adjudication.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Promoting affordable housing in unincorporated areas of rural counties within urban growth areas.. Description: Promoting affordable housing in unincorporated areas of rural counties within urban growth areas.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating the secure choice retirement savings program.. Description: Creating the secure choice retirement savings program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Making changes to support future operations of the state all payer claims database by transferring the responsibility to the health care authority, partnering with a lead organization with broad data experience, including with self-insured employers, and other changes to improve and ensure successful and sustainable database operations for access to and use of the data to improve health care, providing consumers useful and consistent quality and cost measures, and assess total cost of care in Washington state.. Description: Making changes to support future operations of the state all payer claims database by transferring the responsibility to the health care authority, partnering with a lead organization with broad data experience, including with self-insured employers, and other changes to improve and ensure successful and sustainable database operations for access to and use of the data to improve health care, providing consumers useful and consistent quality and cost measures, and assess total cost of care in Washington state.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing for adequate provisions for low-income homeownership opportunities.. Description: Providing for adequate provisions for low-income homeownership opportunities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating an account to support necessary infrastructure nearby military installations.. Description: Creating an account to support necessary infrastructure nearby military installations.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning faith-based exemptions regarding criminal mistreatment of children and vulnerable adults.. Description: Concerning faith-based exemptions regarding criminal mistreatment of children and vulnerable adults.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning veteran and national guard tuition waivers.. Description: Concerning veteran and national guard tuition waivers.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing opportunities for the use of remote technology in eye exams.. Description: Increasing opportunities for the use of remote technology in eye exams.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning collector truck operators.. Description: Concerning collector truck operators.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Changing the name of the medical quality assurance commission to the Washington medical commission.. Description: Changing the name of the medical quality assurance commission to the Washington medical commission.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a new exclusion from mandatory industrial insurance coverage for persons transporting freight. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Clarifying responsibilities for mandatory industrial insurance coverage for persons transporting freight. ). Description: Creating a new exclusion from mandatory industrial insurance coverage for persons transporting freight. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Clarifying responsibilities for mandatory industrial insurance coverage for persons transporting freight. )
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Relieving student debt.. Description: Relieving student debt.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning ballot drop box placement requirements.. Description: Concerning ballot drop box placement requirements.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning spring blade knives.. Description: Concerning spring blade knives.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning research in public institutions of higher education.. Description: Concerning research in public institutions of higher education.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning hours of availability for inspection and copying of public records.. Description: Concerning hours of availability for inspection and copying of public records.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing additional uses for automated traffic safety cameras for traffic congestion reduction and increased safety.. Description: Establishing additional uses for automated traffic safety cameras for traffic congestion reduction and increased safety.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Making statutory requirements and policies for cultural access programs the same in all counties of the state.. Description: Making statutory requirements and policies for cultural access programs the same in all counties of the state.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing contractor bonding requirements.. Description: Increasing contractor bonding requirements.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning homeless college students.. Description: Concerning homeless college students.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing emissions by making changes to the clean car standards and clean car program.. Description: Reducing emissions by making changes to the clean car standards and clean car program.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning local governments planning and zoning for accessory dwelling units.. Description: Concerning local governments planning and zoning for accessory dwelling units.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning individuals placed in minimum security status by the department of children, youth, and families.. Description: Concerning individuals placed in minimum security status by the department of children, youth, and families.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying the valuation and determination of used and useful property for rate making purposes.. Description: Clarifying the valuation and determination of used and useful property for rate making purposes.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning senior students in accredited schools of chiropractic.. Description: Concerning senior students in accredited schools of chiropractic.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing eligibility for child care and early learning programs for homeless and other vulnerable children.. Description: Increasing eligibility for child care and early learning programs for homeless and other vulnerable children.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing a pathway to establish a universal health care system for the residents of Washington state.. Description: Providing a pathway to establish a universal health care system for the residents of Washington state.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the tolling of Interstate 405, state route number 167, and state route number 509.. Description: Addressing the tolling of Interstate 405, state route number 167, and state route number 509.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Maximizing federal funding for prevention and family services and programs.. Description: Maximizing federal funding for prevention and family services and programs.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the medicaid home health reimbursement rate for medical assistance clients.. Description: Concerning the medicaid home health reimbursement rate for medical assistance clients.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning pension benefits and contributions in the volunteer firefighters' and reserve officers' relief and pension system.. Description: Concerning pension benefits and contributions in the volunteer firefighters' and reserve officers' relief and pension system.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning an employer's payment of indebtedness.. Description: Concerning an employer's payment of indebtedness.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the immigration status of students.. Description: Concerning the immigration status of students.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a pilot project to provide personal care services for homeless seniors and persons with disabilities.. Description: Creating a pilot project to provide personal care services for homeless seniors and persons with disabilities.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the integration of international medical graduates into Washington's health care delivery system.. Description: Concerning the integration of international medical graduates into Washington's health care delivery system.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Enhancing educational opportunities for vulnerable children and youth using funding distributed from the Puget Sound taxpayer accountability account.. Description: Enhancing educational opportunities for vulnerable children and youth using funding distributed from the Puget Sound taxpayer accountability account.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Regarding the school construction assistance program.. Description: Regarding the school construction assistance program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending respectful workplace code of conduct provisions to all members of the legislative community.. Description: Extending respectful workplace code of conduct provisions to all members of the legislative community.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Declaring October as Filipino American history month.. Description: Declaring October as Filipino American history month.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Resentencing of persons convicted of drug offenses.. Description: Resentencing of persons convicted of drug offenses.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning community forests.. Description: Concerning community forests.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Funding rural satellite skill centers.. Description: Funding rural satellite skill centers.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a women's division and system of gender-responsive, risk-need-responsivity, and trauma-informed practices within the department of corrections.. Description: Creating a women's division and system of gender-responsive, risk-need-responsivity, and trauma-informed practices within the department of corrections.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the installation of safety glazing or film sunscreening materials.. Description: Addressing the installation of safety glazing or film sunscreening materials.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing vehicles or combinations of vehicles carrying farm products to exceed total gross weight limits by two thousand pounds.. Description: Authorizing vehicles or combinations of vehicles carrying farm products to exceed total gross weight limits by two thousand pounds.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating an exemption to hearsay for child sex trafficking victims.. Description: Creating an exemption to hearsay for child sex trafficking victims.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning health carrier requirements for prior authorization standards.. Description: Concerning health carrier requirements for prior authorization standards.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning insurance communications confidentiality.. Description: Concerning insurance communications confidentiality.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying that the firefighters' pension levy may continue to be levied to fund benefits under the law enforcement officers' and firefighters' retirement system.. Description: Clarifying that the firefighters' pension levy may continue to be levied to fund benefits under the law enforcement officers' and firefighters' retirement system.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning fingerprint background checks for guardians ad litem.. Description: Concerning fingerprint background checks for guardians ad litem.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Promoting access to earned benefits and services for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer veterans.. Description: Promoting access to earned benefits and services for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer veterans.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning children's mental health.. Description: Concerning children's mental health.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing training for equity and cultural competency in the public school system.. Description: Providing training for equity and cultural competency in the public school system.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the license to manufacture, import, sell, and export liquor.. Description: Concerning the license to manufacture, import, sell, and export liquor.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing whale watching guidelines in the boating safety education program.. Description: Providing whale watching guidelines in the boating safety education program.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a San Juan Islands stewardship special license plate.. Description: Creating a San Juan Islands stewardship special license plate.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing an emergency loan program to be administered by the county road administration board.. Description: Establishing an emergency loan program to be administered by the county road administration board.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating Seattle Storm special license plates to fund youth leadership and sports programs.. Description: Creating Seattle Storm special license plates to fund youth leadership and sports programs.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning use of industrial waste through industrial symbioses.. Description: Concerning use of industrial waste through industrial symbioses.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying the required color of certain lamps on vehicles.. Description: Clarifying the required color of certain lamps on vehicles.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the application of the state environmental policy act to temporary shelters and transitional encampments.. Description: Concerning the application of the state environmental policy act to temporary shelters and transitional encampments.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing the sustainable farms and fields grant program.. Description: Establishing the sustainable farms and fields grant program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the bump-fire stock buy-back program.. Description: Concerning the bump-fire stock buy-back program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Making necessary changes allowing the department of children, youth, and families to effectively manage a statewide system of care for children, youth, and families.. Description: Making necessary changes allowing the department of children, youth, and families to effectively manage a statewide system of care for children, youth, and families.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning public works contracts and interlocal agreements by second-class cities and towns. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Concerning public works contracts and interlocal agreements. ). Description: Concerning public works contracts and interlocal agreements by second-class cities and towns. (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Concerning public works contracts and interlocal agreements. )
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Revising livestock identification law.. Description: Revising livestock identification law.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the access to baby and child dentistry program for children with disabilities.. Description: Concerning the access to baby and child dentistry program for children with disabilities.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning language understanding of documents used in dissolution proceedings.. Description: Concerning language understanding of documents used in dissolution proceedings.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a tax on vapor and heated tobacco products to fund cancer research and support local public health.. Description: Establishing a tax on vapor and heated tobacco products to fund cancer research and support local public health.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Reforming the financial structure of the model toxics control program.. Description: Reforming the financial structure of the model toxics control program.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Eliminating or narrowing certain tax preferences to increase state revenue for essential public services.. Description: Eliminating or narrowing certain tax preferences to increase state revenue for essential public services.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing a graduated real estate excise tax.. Description: Establishing a graduated real estate excise tax.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Relating to fiscal matters.. Description: Relating to fiscal matters.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Promoting renewable energy through modifying tax incentives.. Description: Promoting renewable energy through modifying tax incentives.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the taxation of international investment management companies.. Description: Concerning the taxation of international investment management companies.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning fentanyl.. Description: Concerning fentanyl.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning bump-fire stock buy-back program records.. Description: Concerning bump-fire stock buy-back program records.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the uniform electronic transactions act and aligning statutory provisions relating to signatures, declarations, and documents.. Description: Adopting the uniform electronic transactions act and aligning statutory provisions relating to signatures, declarations, and documents.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the uniform directed trust act.. Description: Concerning the uniform directed trust act.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a Washington apples special license plate.. Description: Creating a Washington apples special license plate.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the time allowed to file a complaint with the human rights commission for a claim related to pregnancy discrimination.. Description: Extending the time allowed to file a complaint with the human rights commission for a claim related to pregnancy discrimination.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning liquor license employees.. Description: Concerning liquor license employees.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning business corporations.. Description: Concerning business corporations.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the budgeting process for certain state waiver services for individuals with developmental disabilities.. Description: Concerning the budgeting process for certain state waiver services for individuals with developmental disabilities.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning vulnerable users of a public way.. Description: Concerning vulnerable users of a public way.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning special purpose district commissioner compensation.. Description: Concerning special purpose district commissioner compensation.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting retaliation against school district employees that report noncompliance with individualized education programs.. Description: Prohibiting retaliation against school district employees that report noncompliance with individualized education programs.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing the group-wide supervision of internationally active insurance groups.. Description: Addressing the group-wide supervision of internationally active insurance groups.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the insurance commissioner's fraud account.. Description: Creating the insurance commissioner's fraud account.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning insurance guaranty fund.. Description: Concerning insurance guaranty fund.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning health coverage supplementing medicare part D provided through a federally authorized employer group waiver plan.. Description: Concerning health coverage supplementing medicare part D provided through a federally authorized employer group waiver plan.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning life insurance products or services that are intended to incent behavioral changes that improve the health and reduce the risk of death of the insured.. Description: Concerning life insurance products or services that are intended to incent behavioral changes that improve the health and reduce the risk of death of the insured.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning price differentials in the sale of marijuana.. Description: Concerning price differentials in the sale of marijuana.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning fire district health clinic services.. Description: Concerning fire district health clinic services.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring training standards in providing telemedicine services.. Description: Requiring training standards in providing telemedicine services.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning direct primary care oversight.. Description: Concerning direct primary care oversight.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving department of corrections health care administration.. Description: Improving department of corrections health care administration.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requiring full body scanners at each department of corrections institution.. Description: Requiring full body scanners at each department of corrections institution.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding ethnic studies materials and resources for public school students in grades kindergarten through six.. Description: Expanding ethnic studies materials and resources for public school students in grades kindergarten through six.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning sales and use tax exemptions for large private airplanes.. Description: Concerning sales and use tax exemptions for large private airplanes.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Dividing the state wildlife account into the fish, wildlife, and conservation account and the limited fish and wildlife account.. Description: Dividing the state wildlife account into the fish, wildlife, and conservation account and the limited fish and wildlife account.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing menstrual hygiene products in public school bathrooms.. Description: Providing menstrual hygiene products in public school bathrooms.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning appropriations for special education programs.. Description: Concerning appropriations for special education programs.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Reauthorizing and expanding the financial fraud and identity theft crimes investigation and prosecution program.. Description: Reauthorizing and expanding the financial fraud and identity theft crimes investigation and prosecution program.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying reimbursement for certain clean-up or removal actions by fire protection jurisdictions.. Description: Clarifying reimbursement for certain clean-up or removal actions by fire protection jurisdictions.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the calculation of compensation of an employee of a medical school and an affiliated faculty group practice for purposes of a noncompetition agreement.. Description: Concerning the calculation of compensation of an employee of a medical school and an affiliated faculty group practice for purposes of a noncompetition agreement.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning roundabouts.. Description: Concerning roundabouts.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing access to medications for opioid use disorder.. Description: Increasing access to medications for opioid use disorder.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Imposing cost-sharing requirements for coverage of insulin products.. Description: Imposing cost-sharing requirements for coverage of insulin products.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Limiting fire protection service agency liability for the installation of detection devices.. Description: Limiting fire protection service agency liability for the installation of detection devices.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Continuing the work of the Washington food policy forum.. Description: Continuing the work of the Washington food policy forum.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Awarding diplomas posthumously.. Description: Awarding diplomas posthumously.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Excluding the common carrier licensees from the definition of retailer for the purposes of the three-tier system.. Description: Excluding the common carrier licensees from the definition of retailer for the purposes of the three-tier system.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Preventing disruption of certain state-financed and procured services due to labor unrest within contracted service providers.. Description: Preventing disruption of certain state-financed and procured services due to labor unrest within contracted service providers.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Requiring the insurance commissioner to review a health carrier's surplus levels as part of its rate filing review process.. Description: Requiring the insurance commissioner to review a health carrier's surplus levels as part of its rate filing review process.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the education accountability system oversight committee.. Description: Repealing the education accountability system oversight committee.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding background check requirements for certain educational institutions.. Description: Expanding background check requirements for certain educational institutions.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning statewide implementation of early screening for dyslexia.. Description: Concerning statewide implementation of early screening for dyslexia.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Adjusting stop signal requirements for school buses.. Description: Adjusting stop signal requirements for school buses.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning educational reporting requirements.. Description: Concerning educational reporting requirements.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the administration of state education agencies.. Description: Concerning the administration of state education agencies.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning youth solitary confinement.. Description: Concerning youth solitary confinement.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Creating a central insulin purchasing program.. Description: Creating a central insulin purchasing program.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning off-road vehicle registrations.. Description: Concerning off-road vehicle registrations.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing that money laundering forfeited proceeds and property be used for improvement of gambling-related law enforcement activities.. Description: Authorizing that money laundering forfeited proceeds and property be used for improvement of gambling-related law enforcement activities.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Amending types of nonprofit organizations qualified to engage in gambling activities.. Description: Amending types of nonprofit organizations qualified to engage in gambling activities.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Protecting temporary workers.. Description: Protecting temporary workers.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing state employee leave for organ donation.. Description: Allowing state employee leave for organ donation.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Adding a graduate student to the student achievement council.. Description: Adding a graduate student to the student achievement council.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Repealing the debenture company laws from the securities act of Washington.. Description: Repealing the debenture company laws from the securities act of Washington.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Allowing the learning assistance program to support school-wide behavioral health system of supports and interventions.. Description: Allowing the learning assistance program to support school-wide behavioral health system of supports and interventions.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning system reliability under the clean energy transformation act.. Description: Concerning system reliability under the clean energy transformation act.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Updating restrictions on electronic benefit cards.. Description: Updating restrictions on electronic benefit cards.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the beginning educator support team program.. Description: Concerning the beginning educator support team program.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the joint center for aerospace technology innovation program.. Description: Extending the joint center for aerospace technology innovation program.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding access to higher education.. Description: Expanding access to higher education.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the podiatric medical board.. Description: Concerning the podiatric medical board.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the replacement of shoreline armoring.. Description: Concerning the replacement of shoreline armoring.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning certification of the level of foreign national ownership for corporations that participate in Washington state elections.. Description: Concerning certification of the level of foreign national ownership for corporations that participate in Washington state elections.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the rape of a child.. Description: Concerning the rape of a child.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the requirements for collector vehicle registrations.. Description: Modifying the requirements for collector vehicle registrations.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning model sexual assault protocols for hospitals and clinics.. Description: Concerning model sexual assault protocols for hospitals and clinics.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning prosecutorial discretion to seek resentencing.. Description: Concerning prosecutorial discretion to seek resentencing.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Making 2019-2021 fiscal biennium supplemental operating appropriations.. Description: Making 2019-2021 fiscal biennium supplemental operating appropriations.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning plumbing.. Description: Concerning plumbing.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning juvenile sex offense registration waivers under the special sexual offender disposition alternative.. Description: Concerning juvenile sex offense registration waivers under the special sexual offender disposition alternative.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning compensation for parents of minor victims of crime.. Description: Concerning compensation for parents of minor victims of crime.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning closed captioning on televisions in places of public accommodation.. Description: Concerning closed captioning on televisions in places of public accommodation.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Allowing service and overseas voters to use the common access card as a digital signature for proof of identity on certain election materials.. Description: Allowing service and overseas voters to use the common access card as a digital signature for proof of identity on certain election materials.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the definition of personal information for notifying the public about data breaches of a state or local agency system.. Description: Modifying the definition of personal information for notifying the public about data breaches of a state or local agency system.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying eligibility for school employees' benefits board coverage.. Description: Clarifying eligibility for school employees' benefits board coverage.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Preserving the developmental disabilities community trust.. Description: Preserving the developmental disabilities community trust.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Assessing the prevalence of adverse childhood experiences in middle and high school students to inform decision making and improve services.. Description: Assessing the prevalence of adverse childhood experiences in middle and high school students to inform decision making and improve services.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Preventing harassment, abuse, and discrimination experienced by long-term care workers.. Description: Preventing harassment, abuse, and discrimination experienced by long-term care workers.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a certificate of compliance for marijuana business premises that meet the statutory qualifications at the time of application.. Description: Creating a certificate of compliance for marijuana business premises that meet the statutory qualifications at the time of application.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing mobility through the modification of stop sign requirements for bicyclists.. Description: Increasing mobility through the modification of stop sign requirements for bicyclists.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning antifouling paints on recreational water vessels.. Description: Concerning antifouling paints on recreational water vessels.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning drug offender sentencing.. Description: Concerning drug offender sentencing.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the authority of counties, cities, and towns to exceed statutory property tax limitations for the purpose of financing affordable housing for very low-income households and low-income households.. Description: Concerning the authority of counties, cities, and towns to exceed statutory property tax limitations for the purpose of financing affordable housing for very low-income households and low-income households.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning certain expanded polystyrene products.. Description: Concerning certain expanded polystyrene products.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a collaborative process to alleviate the burden on local courts to determine indigency through proof of receipt of public assistance.. Description: Establishing a collaborative process to alleviate the burden on local courts to determine indigency through proof of receipt of public assistance.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning minimum labor standards for certain employees working at an airport or air navigation facility.. Description: Concerning minimum labor standards for certain employees working at an airport or air navigation facility.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the heating oil insurance program.. Description: Concerning the heating oil insurance program.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the definition of salary for the Washington state patrol retirement system.. Description: Modifying the definition of salary for the Washington state patrol retirement system.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Streamlining reporting for recipients of housing-related state funding by removing Washington state quality award program requirements.. Description: Streamlining reporting for recipients of housing-related state funding by removing Washington state quality award program requirements.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing a limited property tax exemption for the construction of accessory dwelling units.. Description: Providing a limited property tax exemption for the construction of accessory dwelling units.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning certain noneconomic damage waivers.. Description: Concerning certain noneconomic damage waivers.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Requiring local ballot measure statement committee members to be registered voters in the jurisdiction voting on the measure. ). Description: (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Requiring local ballot measure statement committee members to be registered voters in the jurisdiction voting on the measure. )
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing compliance with apprenticeship utilization requirements and bidding on public works projects.. Description: Addressing compliance with apprenticeship utilization requirements and bidding on public works projects.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the capital budget.. Description: Concerning the capital budget.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Protecting public health and safety by enhancing the regulation of vapor products.. Description: Protecting public health and safety by enhancing the regulation of vapor products.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the underground storage tank reinsurance program.. Description: Concerning the underground storage tank reinsurance program.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving the Indian behavioral health system.. Description: Improving the Indian behavioral health system.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Strengthening the farm labor contractor system by removing an exemption for nonprofits, prohibiting retaliation and the use of farm labor contractors in certain circumstances, and establishing liability for related violations.. Description: Strengthening the farm labor contractor system by removing an exemption for nonprofits, prohibiting retaliation and the use of farm labor contractors in certain circumstances, and establishing liability for related violations.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Teaching Washington's tribal history, culture, and government.. Description: Teaching Washington's tribal history, culture, and government.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a model educational data sharing agreement between school districts and tribes.. Description: Creating a model educational data sharing agreement between school districts and tribes.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the lease or rental of surplus property of school districts.. Description: Concerning the lease or rental of surplus property of school districts.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Modifying the long-term services and supports trust program by clarifying the ability for individuals with existing long-term care insurance to opt-out of the premium assessment and making technical corrections.. Description: Modifying the long-term services and supports trust program by clarifying the ability for individuals with existing long-term care insurance to opt-out of the premium assessment and making technical corrections.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Preventing abusive litigation between intimate partners.. Description: Preventing abusive litigation between intimate partners.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Increasing patient access rights to timely and appropriate postacute care.. Description: Increasing patient access rights to timely and appropriate postacute care.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning water withdrawals for commercial bottled water production.. Description: Concerning water withdrawals for commercial bottled water production.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the use of facial recognition services.. Description: Concerning the use of facial recognition services.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the management and oversight of personal data.. Description: Concerning the management and oversight of personal data.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the development of individualized highly capable learning plans.. Description: Concerning the development of individualized highly capable learning plans.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Permitting athlete agents to provide some benefits to student athletes.. Description: Permitting athlete agents to provide some benefits to student athletes.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning guardianships and conservatorships.. Description: Concerning guardianships and conservatorships.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the Washington office of firearm violence prevention.. Description: Creating the Washington office of firearm violence prevention.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning state-inspected commercial custom meat facilities.. Description: Concerning state-inspected commercial custom meat facilities.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing the experience of existing early learning providers to meet educational requirements.. Description: Recognizing the experience of existing early learning providers to meet educational requirements.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning animal welfare.. Description: Concerning animal welfare.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting local governments from limiting the number of unrelated persons occupying a home.. Description: Prohibiting local governments from limiting the number of unrelated persons occupying a home.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning library districts.. Description: Concerning library districts.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the Washington soil health initiative.. Description: Creating the Washington soil health initiative.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Expanding access to nutritious food.. Description: Expanding access to nutritious food.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Making the nonprofit and library fund-raising exemption permanent.. Description: Making the nonprofit and library fund-raising exemption permanent.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing opportunities for young voters.. Description: Increasing opportunities for young voters.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the consideration of the number of citations for traffic infractions issued by a law enforcement officer in the performance review of the officer.. Description: Prohibiting the consideration of the number of citations for traffic infractions issued by a law enforcement officer in the performance review of the officer.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning administration of the senior property tax exemption program.. Description: Concerning administration of the senior property tax exemption program.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning special purpose district financial reporting.. Description: Concerning special purpose district financial reporting.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning municipal conflicts of interest.. Description: Concerning municipal conflicts of interest.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning captive insurers.. Description: Concerning captive insurers.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning chemical contaminants in drinking water.. Description: Concerning chemical contaminants in drinking water.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing enhanced payment to low volume, small rural hospitals.. Description: Providing enhanced payment to low volume, small rural hospitals.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the dollar limit of pull-tabs.. Description: Increasing the dollar limit of pull-tabs.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requiring medicaid managed care organizations to provide reimbursement of health care services provided by substitute providers.. Description: Requiring medicaid managed care organizations to provide reimbursement of health care services provided by substitute providers.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating regulation exemptions for rural health clinics providing services in a designated home health shortage area.. Description: Creating regulation exemptions for rural health clinics providing services in a designated home health shortage area.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning tracked and wheeled all-terrain vehicles.. Description: Concerning tracked and wheeled all-terrain vehicles.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning individuals under the department of corrections' jurisdiction.. Description: Concerning individuals under the department of corrections' jurisdiction.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning apprenticeship materials for dual credit scholarship programs.. Description: Concerning apprenticeship materials for dual credit scholarship programs.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning residential tenant protections.. Description: Concerning residential tenant protections.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the retirement strategy funds in the plan 3 and the deferred compensation programs.. Description: Concerning the retirement strategy funds in the plan 3 and the deferred compensation programs.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating a local wine industry association license.. Description: Creating a local wine industry association license.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning nonparticipating providers.. Description: Concerning nonparticipating providers.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning allowable uses for the multiuse roadway safety account.. Description: Concerning allowable uses for the multiuse roadway safety account.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting prior authorization and appropriate use criteria in patient care.. Description: Adopting prior authorization and appropriate use criteria in patient care.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning agency responsibilities to regulated businesses and professions.. Description: Concerning agency responsibilities to regulated businesses and professions.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing an exemption from electrical licensing, certification, and inspection for industrial equipment.. Description: Providing an exemption from electrical licensing, certification, and inspection for industrial equipment.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing a permanent fire protection district benefit charge with voter approval.. Description: Allowing a permanent fire protection district benefit charge with voter approval.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Allowing retirees to change their survivor option election after retirement.. Description: Allowing retirees to change their survivor option election after retirement.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning implementation of the recommendations of the December 2019 report from the William D. Ruckelshaus center regarding residential habilitation center clients.. Description: Concerning implementation of the recommendations of the December 2019 report from the William D. Ruckelshaus center regarding residential habilitation center clients.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning underground utilities and safety committee.. Description: Concerning underground utilities and safety committee.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Extending the farm internship program.. Description: Extending the farm internship program.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning reports alleging child abuse and neglect.. Description: Concerning reports alleging child abuse and neglect.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing a designation on a driver's license or identicard that a person has a developmental disability.. Description: Providing a designation on a driver's license or identicard that a person has a developmental disability.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning offshore oil extraction.. Description: Concerning offshore oil extraction.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning industrial insurance medical examinations.. Description: Concerning industrial insurance medical examinations.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning private detention facilities.. Description: Concerning private detention facilities.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requiring default beverages for children's meals.. Description: Requiring default beverages for children's meals.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Repealing the legislative advisory committee to the committee on advanced tuition payment.. Description: Repealing the legislative advisory committee to the committee on advanced tuition payment.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning asbestos-containing building materials.. Description: Concerning asbestos-containing building materials.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing and expanding access of inmates and immediate family members of inmates to services provided within correctional facilities.. Description: Increasing and expanding access of inmates and immediate family members of inmates to services provided within correctional facilities.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Revising economic assistance programs.. Description: Revising economic assistance programs.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Developing comprehensive school counseling programs.. Description: Developing comprehensive school counseling programs.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning rating requirements for child care providers.. Description: Concerning rating requirements for child care providers.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning aerial herbicides in forestlands.. Description: Concerning aerial herbicides in forestlands.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing workforce education investment funding through business and occupation tax reform.. Description: Addressing workforce education investment funding through business and occupation tax reform.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the Cooper Jones active transportation safety council.. Description: Concerning the Cooper Jones active transportation safety council.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Regarding essential needs and housing support eligibility.. Description: Regarding essential needs and housing support eligibility.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the confidentiality of retirement system files and records relating to health information.. Description: Concerning the confidentiality of retirement system files and records relating to health information.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Addressing foster care licensing following a foster-family home licensee's move to a new location.. Description: Addressing foster care licensing following a foster-family home licensee's move to a new location.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the unlawful disposition of human remains.. Description: Concerning the unlawful disposition of human remains.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning legislative reporting requirements for certain department of children, youth, and families programs.. Description: Concerning legislative reporting requirements for certain department of children, youth, and families programs.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Adjusting the medicaid payment methodology for skilled nursing facilities.. Description: Adjusting the medicaid payment methodology for skilled nursing facilities.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating an innovative learning pilot program.. Description: Creating an innovative learning pilot program.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Reusing and donating unexpired prescription drugs.. Description: Reusing and donating unexpired prescription drugs.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the prevention of derelict vessels.. Description: Concerning the prevention of derelict vessels.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the performance of personal services by a craft distillery, distiller, spirits certificate of approval holder, or distributor.. Description: Concerning the performance of personal services by a craft distillery, distiller, spirits certificate of approval holder, or distributor.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating an ambulance transport quality assurance fee.. Description: Creating an ambulance transport quality assurance fee.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the membership of the criminal justice training commission.. Description: Concerning the membership of the criminal justice training commission.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning working connections child care payment authorizations.. Description: Concerning working connections child care payment authorizations.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Integrating international medical graduates into Washington's health care delivery system.. Description: Integrating international medical graduates into Washington's health care delivery system.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Expanding reporting options for mandated reporters of child abuse and neglect.. Description: Expanding reporting options for mandated reporters of child abuse and neglect.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the undocumented student support loan program.. Description: Creating the undocumented student support loan program.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing permissible methods of parking a motorcycle.. Description: Establishing permissible methods of parking a motorcycle.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Recognizing the eighteenth day of December as blood donor day.. Description: Recognizing the eighteenth day of December as blood donor day.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning law enforcement officer mental health and wellness.. Description: Concerning law enforcement officer mental health and wellness.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Clarifying the respective administrative powers, duties, and responsibilities of the growth management hearings board and the environmental land use and hearings office.. Description: Clarifying the respective administrative powers, duties, and responsibilities of the growth management hearings board and the environmental land use and hearings office.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning organ transport vehicles.. Description: Concerning organ transport vehicles.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the number of fire protection district commissioners.. Description: Concerning the number of fire protection district commissioners.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a work group to address mental health advance directives.. Description: Establishing a work group to address mental health advance directives.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning tourism authorities.. Description: Concerning tourism authorities.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Licensing security guards.. Description: Licensing security guards.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning the inspection of marine aquatic farming locations.. Description: Concerning the inspection of marine aquatic farming locations.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning accessory dwelling unit regulation.. Description: Concerning accessory dwelling unit regulation.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Reducing host home funding restrictions.. Description: Reducing host home funding restrictions.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Creating the position of military spouse liaison.. Description: Creating the position of military spouse liaison.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Providing additional funding for the business licensing service program administered by the department of revenue.. Description: Providing additional funding for the business licensing service program administered by the department of revenue.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Providing reentry services.. Description: Providing reentry services.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Increasing the availability of certified sex offender treatment providers.. Description: Increasing the availability of certified sex offender treatment providers.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Combining a resolution proposing abandonment and a resolution proposing a council-manager plan of government into a single proposition.. Description: Combining a resolution proposing abandonment and a resolution proposing a council-manager plan of government into a single proposition.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Improving fiscal responsibility and budget discipline by replacing the spending limit with additional four-year balanced budget requirements.. Description: Improving fiscal responsibility and budget discipline by replacing the spending limit with additional four-year balanced budget requirements.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Studying dual diagnoses of eating disorder and diabetes mellitus type 1.. Description: Studying dual diagnoses of eating disorder and diabetes mellitus type 1.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Encouraging access to state parks through cooperative programs with libraries.. Description: Encouraging access to state parks through cooperative programs with libraries.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning reimbursement for primary care services for medicaid beneficiaries.. Description: Concerning reimbursement for primary care services for medicaid beneficiaries.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Concerning aerospace business and occupation taxes and world trade organization compliance.. Description: Concerning aerospace business and occupation taxes and world trade organization compliance.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Calling a Joint Session of the Legislature.. Description: Calling a Joint Session of the Legislature.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Adopting the code of conduct of the Washington state legislature.. Description: Adopting the code of conduct of the Washington state legislature.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Specifying the status of bills, resolutions, and memorials.. Description: Specifying the status of bills, resolutions, and memorials.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Calling a Joint Session of the Legislature for the State of the State Address.. Description: Calling a Joint Session of the Legislature for the State of the State Address.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Establishing cutoff dates for the consideration of legislation during the 2019 regular session of the sixty-sixth legislature.. Description: Establishing cutoff dates for the consideration of legislation during the 2019 regular session of the sixty-sixth legislature.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Convening a joint session for the purpose of receiving the State of the Judiciary message.. Description: Convening a joint session for the purpose of receiving the State of the Judiciary message.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Convening a joint session for the purpose of receiving an address from Premier John Horgan of British Columbia.. Description: Convening a joint session for the purpose of receiving an address from Premier John Horgan of British Columbia.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Honoring former members of the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Washington who have passed from this life.. Description: Honoring former members of the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Washington who have passed from this life.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Authorizing consideration of Senate Bill No. 6025.. Description: Authorizing consideration of Senate Bill No. 6025.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Returning bills to their house of origin.. Description: Returning bills to their house of origin.
In 2019, Washington passed a bill titled: Adjourning SINE DIE.. Description: Adjourning SINE DIE.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Returning bills to their house of origin.. Description: Returning bills to their house of origin.
In 2020, Washington passed a bill titled: Adjourning SINE DIE.. Description: Adjourning SINE DIE.
In 2019, Washington enrolled a bill titled: Amending the state Constitution to provide governmental continuity during emergency periods resulting from a catastrophic incident.. Description: Amending the state Constitution to provide governmental continuity during emergency periods resulting from a catastrophic incident.
In 2020, Washington enrolled a bill titled: (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Proposing an amendment to the Constitution concerning the investment of funds to provide for long-term care services and supports. ). Description: (REVISED FOR ENGROSSED: Proposing an amendment to the Constitution concerning the investment of funds to provide for long-term care services and supports. )
In 2019, Washington enrolled a bill titled: Designating the bridge over the Skookumchuck river on state route number 507 as the Regina Clark memorial bridge.. Description: Designating the bridge over the Skookumchuck river on state route number 507 as the Regina Clark memorial bridge.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing the international year of the salmon.. Description: Recognizing the international year of the salmon.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Asking Congress to include dental care in Medicare.. Description: Asking Congress to include dental care in Medicare.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Requesting to commence proceedings in naming state route number 902 the Gold Star Memorial Highway.. Description: Requesting to commence proceedings in naming state route number 902 the Gold Star Memorial Highway.
In 2019, Washington enrolled a bill titled: Supporting the continued research, development, production, and application of biochar from our forests and agricultural lands.. Description: Supporting the continued research, development, production, and application of biochar from our forests and agricultural lands.
In 2019, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Urging federal legislation to prohibit the sale of tobacco and vapor products to anyone under the age of twenty-one.. Description: Urging federal legislation to prohibit the sale of tobacco and vapor products to anyone under the age of twenty-one.
In 2020, Washington engrossed a bill titled: Concerning logging and mining in the upper Skagit watershed.. Description: Concerning logging and mining in the upper Skagit watershed.
In 2020, Washington enrolled a bill titled: Addressing compacts of free association.. Description: Addressing compacts of free association.
