Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of West Virginia:
In 2025, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the printing and distribution of Acts of the Legislature, Journals of the House of Delegates, the publication of a Legislative Manual, and authorizing payment of travel and other expenses of the House.. Description: Authorizing the printing and distribution of Acts of the Legislature, Journals of the House of Delegates, the publication of a Legislative Manual, and authorizing payment of travel and other expenses of the House.
In 2025, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the appointment of employees for this, the First Regular Session of the Eighty-seventh Legislature, Two Thousand Twenty-five. Description: Authorizing the appointment of employees for this, the First Regular Session of the Eighty-seventh Legislature, Two Thousand Twenty-five
In 2025, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Declaring a vacancy in the Ninety-First Delegate District of the West Virginia House of Delegates due to the failure to take the Oath of Office by the Delegate Elect as required by Article VI, Section 16 of the Constitution of West Virginia. Description: Declaring a vacancy in the Ninety-First Delegate District of the West Virginia House of Delegates due to the failure to take the Oath of Office by the Delegate Elect as required by Article VI, Section 16 of the Constitution of West Virginia
In 2025, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adopting rules of Senate. Description: Adopting rules of Senate
In 2025, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Appointment of Senate employees. Description: Appointment of Senate employees
In 2025, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Raising a Joint Assembly to open and publish election returns. Description: Raising a Joint Assembly to open and publish election returns
In 2025, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending an invitation to His Excellency, the Governor, to deliver an address to the Legislature and raising a Joint Assembly therefor. Description: Extending an invitation to His Excellency, the Governor, to deliver an address to the Legislature and raising a Joint Assembly therefor
In 2025, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing for an adjournment of the Legislature until February 12, 2025. Description: Providing for an adjournment of the Legislature until February 12, 2021
In 2025, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adopting Joint Rules of Senate and House of Delegates. Description: Adopting Joint Rules of Senate and House of Delegates
In 2025, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing payment of joint expenses. Description: Authorizing payment of joint expenses
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to taxation of aircraft. Description: Relating to taxation of aircraft
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the Hope Scholarship Program. Description: Relating to the Hope Scholarship Program
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Anti-Discrimination Against Israel Act. Description: Anti-Discrimination Against Israel Act
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to carrier fees on 911 fee revenues. Description: Relating to carrier fees on 911 fee revenues
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the Consumer Price Index rate increase. Description: Relating to the Consumer Price Index rate increase
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying racetrack licensing due date. Description: Modifying racetrack licensing due date
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to State Department of Education. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing, amending and increasing an existing item of appropriation from the State Road Fund to the Department of Transportation, Division of Highways. Description: The purpose of supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Veteransí Assistance, Veteransí Home. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Homeland Security, West Virginia State Police. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations Adjutant General, State Militia. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to West Virginia University, General Administrative Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to State Board of Education. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to making West Virginia an agreement state with the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Description: The purpose of this bill is to further the process of West Virginia becoming an Agreement State with the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Executive, Governorís Office, Civil Contingent Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Higher Education Policy Commission, Administration, Control Account. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Economic Development, Office of the Secretary. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Health, Office of the Inspector General. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Division of Environmental Protection. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Office of Technology. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account from the State Fund, General Revenue, for the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to West Virginia Conservation Agency. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Administration, Public Defender Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing for a child and dependent care credit against the personal income tax. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide a credit against the personal income tax in the amount of 50% of the allowable federal child and dependent care credit, effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to a public charter schoolís application for funding. Description: The purpose of this bill is to explicitly authorize a public charter school authority to apply to the School Building Authority for funding to purchase a building to be used for public charter school purposes.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations State Department of Education. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Placing a limited moratorium on new municipal fire fees imposed on non-municipal residents. Description: The purpose of this bill is to place a limited moratorium on new municipal fire fees imposed on non-municipal residents.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Office of Emergency Medical Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Public Employees Insurance Agency. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Governorís Office, Civil Contingent Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Division of Culture and History. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to WV School of Osteopathic Medicine. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation, Correctional Units. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Bureau of Juvenile Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementary appropriation to Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation, Regional Jail and Correctional Facility Authority. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to public charter school application for funding. Description: The purpose of this bill is to explicitly authorize a public charter school authority to apply to the School Building Authority for funding to purchase a building to be used for public charter school purposes.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting development of opioid treatment program if part of clinical trial and approved by institutional review board. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit an opioid treatment program to be developed if part of a clinical trial, approved by an institutional review board. The bill sets forth the opioid treatment program services to be developed and provides for a set timeframe. The opioid treatment program is required to register with the Board of Pharmacy. The bill permits an advanced practice registered nurse participating in a clinical trial, approved by an institutional review board, to dispense medication for the timeframe approved in the clinical trial after registering with the Board of Pharmacy. The bill permits the advanced practice registered nurse participating in a clinical trial, approved by an institutional review board, to exceed a 3-day supply for the timeframe of the clinical trial, after registering with the Board of Medicine.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Economic Development, Office of Secretary. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementary appropriation to School Building Authority, School Construction Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations Department of Agriculture. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to personal income tax. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the personal income tax.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Homeland Security, WV State Police. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing funding for certain broadband expansion programs administered by Economic Development Authority. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide funding sources for certain broadband expansion programs under the purview of the West Virginia Economic Development Authority.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Higher Education Policy Commission. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to increase an existing item of appropriation and to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to New River Community and Technical College. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds from Treasurerís Office, Unclaimed Property Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to expire funds from the aforesaid account to the unappropriated surplus balance of the State Fund, General Revenue for the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Governorís Office, Civil Contingent Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Transferring powers and duties of Municipal Bond Commission. Description: The purpose of this bill is to transfer powers and duties of the Municipal Bond Commission.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to bonded indebtedness of State of WV. Description: The purpose of this bill is to requires State Treasurer approval to issue refunding bonds; to set forth the process by which general obligation bonds authorized by the West Virginia Constitution shall be issued and administered in the future; and to relocate all provisions concerning outstanding general obligation bonds to a single chapter of the West Virginia Code.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Robert Lee Karnes. Description: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Robert Lee Karnes
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable William Chandler Swope, Sr.. Description: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable William Chandler Swope, Sr.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Michael Lynn Caputo. Description: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Michael Lynn Caputo
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Charles Samuel Trump IV. Description: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Charles Samuel Trump IV
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Robert Hugh Plymale. Description: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Robert Hugh Plymale
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Craig Philip Blair. Description: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Craig Philip Blair
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting food safety standards for imported foods be held to US standards. Description: Requesting food safety standards for imported foods be held to US standards
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging adoption of Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion agreement between US and Taiwan. Description: Urging adoption of Avoidnace of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion agreement between US and Taiwan
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable David Allen Stover. Description: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable David Allen Stover
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing adjournments of the Senate and House of Delegates. Description: Authorizing adjournments of the Senate and House of Delegates
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing adjournments of Senate and House of Delegates. Description: Authorizing adjournments of Senate and House of Delegates
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Honoring Hershel "Woody" Williams with statue in National Statuary Hall Collection. Description: Honoring Hershel "Woody" Williams with statue in National Statuary Hall Collection
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting payment to residential substance use disorder treatment facilities that do not meet certain requirements. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit payment to residential substance use disorder treatment facilities that do not meet certain requirements.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Health and Department of Human Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add and increase items of appropriation in the aforesaid accounts for the designated spending units for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to DOT, Division of Highways. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Governorís Office, Civil Contingent Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Governorís Office, Posey Perry Emergency Food Bank Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Education, BOE. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to increase existing items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplementary appropriation to Bureau for Medical Services, Policy and Programming, and to BOE. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to decrease items of appropriation in the aforesaid accounts for the designated spending units for the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Higher Education Policy Commission, Control Account. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Veteransí Assistance. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to BOE, State Aid to Schools. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement and amend items of appropriation by decreasing existing appropriations in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplementary appropriation to Department of Administration, Office of Technology reorganization. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to amend items of appropriation in the aforesaid accounts for the designated spending units for expenditure during the fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds from Department of Revenue, PEIA Rainy Day Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to expire funds from the aforesaid account to the unappropriated surplus balance of the State Fund, General Revenue for the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds to Department of Arts, Culture, and History from Lottery Education Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to expire funds from the aforesaid account to the cash balance of the Department of Arts, Culture, and History, fund 3537.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying procedure for political party nomination of presidential electors. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify political party procedure and authority to nominate presidential electors.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending amount of surplus deposited into Revenue Shortfall Reserve Fund. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend the requirements for deposits to the Rainy Day Fund.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending House Rule 56, relating to Motions Not in Order. Description: Amending House Rule 56, relating to Motions Not in Order
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing the life of Bob Ashley. Description: Memorializing the life of Bob Ashley
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging US Department of Education to accelerate processing of Free Application for Federal Student Aid. Description: Urging US Department of Education to accelerate processing of Free Application for Federal Student Aid
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending State of Emergency and suspending certain requirements for Free Application for Federal Student Aid. Description: Extending State of Emergency and suspending certain requirements for Free Application for Federal Student Aid
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Amending the time required for providing notice of an entry on to land for visiting a grave from ten days to five. Description: The purpose of this bill is to change the time required for providing notice of an entry on to land for visiting a grave from ten days to three.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to providing notification of utility service disruption to its' customers. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require utilities to have in place an approved method of notice to customers for utility service disruptions.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To modify certain election laws, early voting laws, and absentee voting laws. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make general modifications to early voting procedures; registration by mail; voter registration services; unlawful registration or rejection of voter; alteration or destruction of records; early in person voting; and criminal penalties.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of Administration to promulgate a legislative rule relating to state owned vehicles. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Department of Administration to promulgate a legislative rule relating to state owned vehicles.This section is new; therefore,
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing certain agencies of the Department of Commerce to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Division of Forestry to promulgate a legislative rule relating to sediment control during commercial timber-harvesting operations - licensing.This section is new; therefore,
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing certain miscellaneous agencies and boards to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the West Virginia Board of Accountancy to promulgate a legislative rule relating to board rules and rules of professional conduct.This section is new; therefore,
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the establishment of an alert system for missing cognitively impaired persons. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish an alert system for missing cognitively impaired persons. The bill provides for the use of video image recording devices for search purposes during a Purple Alert. The bill provides for legislative findings. The bill sets forth criteria for the activation of a Purple Alert. The bill provides for notice and broadcasting of a Purple Alert. Finally, the bill provides immunity for individuals providing information pursuant to a Purple Alert in good faith.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to requirements imposed on social media companies to prevent corruption and provide transparency of election-related content made available on social media websites. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the requirements imposed on social media companies to prevent corruption and provide transparency of election-related content made available on social media websites. The bill provides equal opportunities for all candidates and political parties to speak without policy or partisan-based censorship. Finally, the bill upholds the integrity of elections by ensuring election-related content hosted, posted, and made available on social media websites is not monetized or otherwise used or manipulated for nefarious purposes.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to changing the process of election litigation. Description: The purpose of this bill is to recognize legal standing of the West Virginia Legislature in court actions related to unauthorized changes to election laws and rules; identify the Legislature as a necessary party; and clarify who may seek mandamus relief.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to performance metrics for the West Virginia Division of Highways. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the West Virginia Division of Highways to develop performance standards and criteria to measure agency performance in all essential operations and to require the division to employ a management information system that will track the division's past and current progress toward meeting performance standards.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Non-binary not permitted on birth certificates. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require birth certificates issued in this state to include the gender of the child at birth and prohibit use of the term "non-binary" on birth certificates.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Uniform Recognition and Enforcement of Canadian Domestic Violence Protective Orders Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a framework by which Canadian domestic violence orders can be recognized, registered, enforced by law enforcement, and enforced by the courts of West Virginia.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To require railroad companies to provide alternative entry and exit ways. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require railroad companies to provide an alternative entry and exit way to one road communities when performing maintenance, repairs, and construction as a matter of public health and safety.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Renaming the Department of Health and Human Resources. Description: The purpose of this bill is to rename the Department of Health and Human Resources.This bill was recommended for passage during the 2024 legislative session by the Legislative Oversight Commission of Health and Human Resources Accountability.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing for enhanced damages for non-payment of royalties due from oil, natural gas, or natural gas liquids production. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for enhanced damages for nonpayment of royalties due from oil, natural gas, or natural gas liquids production under the terms of a lease or other agreement.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to bring state code into compliance with the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act (LEOSA) provision.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Permit teachers in K-12 schools be authorized to carry concealed firearms as a designated school protection officer. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize teachers in elementary or secondary schools to carry concealed firearms and be designated as a school protection officer (SPO).
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the criminal penalties imposed on a parent, guardian or custodian for child abuse. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the criminal penalties imposed on a parent, guardian or custodian for child abuse resulting in injury and child abuse or neglect creating risk of injury.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to granting in-state resident status to economic development participants. Description: The purpose of this bill is to grant in-state resident status to economic development participants in order to determine the rate of tuition to be charged for attendance at state institutions of higher education
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating the Parents' Bill of Rights. Description: The purpose of this bill is to codify a Parents' Bill of Rights.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to access for minor childrenís medical records. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that neither a parent nor legal guardian of a minor child shall be denied access to the minor child's medical records.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to appointment of candidates after filing period. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit the filling of a vacancy for a candidate to an elected office after the time is closed for announcing as a candidate caused by failure of any person of a party to file for the elected office.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to surgical smoke evacuation. Description: The purpose of this bill is to ensure that a smoke evacuation system is in place to protect medical personnel during any medical treatment where there could be surgical smoke.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: West Virginia Consumer Privacy Act of 2024. Description: The purpose of this bill is to enact the West Virginia Consumer Privacy Act of 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating the equitable right to expungement. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for additional reasons for a civil action to be filed to expunge criminal records.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To allow the development of a specialized intermediate care facility for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow the development of a specialized intermediate care facility for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring candidates to live in the state or local election district for the office for which they are seeking.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require candidates to live in the state or local election district for the office for which they are seeking to be elected.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting the cremation of unidentified remains.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the authority of the Chief Medical Examiner to permit cremation of unidentified remains.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to midlevel practitioners. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the practice of physician assistants and advanced practice register nurses relating to midlevel practitioners. It permits physician assistants to own a practice, and establishes grounds for discipline or denial of a license or other authorization for physician assistants. The bill clarifies physician assistant shareholder eligibility for medical corporations; and deals with the administration of anesthetics; permits physician assistants to serve as designated corporate representatives; and designates the profession of physician assistant as a professional service for the purposes of the Uniform Limited Liability Company Act.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to exempting the acquisition and utilization of a mobile facility which performs mammography or low density computerized tomography.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit acquisition and utilization of a mobile facility which performs mammography or low density computerized tomography.The bill was recommended for passage during the 2024 legislative session, by the Joint Committee on Health.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to restrictions on use or sale of motor vehicles based on power source. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit state agencies and local government units from restricting the sale or use of motor vehicles based on the energy sources used to power the vehicles.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating a tax credit for improving facades in historic districts. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a tax credit for improving facades in historic districts. The bill provides that individuals and corporations are entitled to a 25 percent tax credit of the replacement cost of a historic fa√ßade.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to authorizing application of the manufacturing investment tax credit and the manufacturing property tax adjustment credit against personal income tax. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize application of the manufacturing investment tax credit and the manufacturing property tax adjustment credit against personal income tax.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to consumers sales and service tax and use tax exemption for certain goods to be incorporated into a qualified, new or expanded warehouse or distribution facility. Description: The purpose of this bill is to change the threshold jobs creation number from 300 to 50; and to making stylistic changes, which authorizes an exemption for qualified purchases of computers and computer software, primary material handling equipment, racking and racking systems, and components, building materials and certain tangible personal property to be incorporated into a qualified, new or expanded warehouse or distribution facility.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To ensure party affiliation is consistent with candidateís voter registration. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require immediate verification of partisan election candidates' party affiliation.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Give a 10-day right to appeal to the Supreme Court of Appeals a Secretary of State decision to not certify a candidacy.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to give a 10-day right to appeal to the Supreme Court of Appeals a Secretary of State decision to not certify a candidacy.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to extending managed care.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend the foster care managed care contract.This bill was recommended for passage during the 2024 legislative session by the Legislative Oversight Commission of Health and Human Resources Accountability.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Legislative Oversight Commission on Health and Human Resources Accountability. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the authority of LOCHHRA.This bill was recommended for passage during the 2024 legislative session by the Legislative Oversight Commission of Health and Human Resources Accountability.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Removing the expiration date from the food handler card. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove the requirement that a local county health department issue a food handler permit or card and to provide that food handlers must follow regulations issued by the United States Food and Drug Administration for food-handling operations.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation posting booking photographs of an accused person. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit release mug shots of persons arrested for a crime unless that person is convicted of the crime.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the transfer of certain revenues derived from lottery activities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to restore moneys previously removed from net terminal income in 2014 and the racetrack video lottery and racetrack table games.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Removing bona fide schools, public libraries, and museums from the list of exemptions from criminal liability relating to distribution and display to minor of obscene matter. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove schools, museums, and public libraries from the exemption which protects these types of entities from prosecution for distribution and display to minor of an obscene matter.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to establishing criminal penalties for human trafficking. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase penalties for human trafficking.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting syringe services programs from distributing listed smoking devices. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit harm reduction programs in West Virginia to distribute any smoking devices as part of the program.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring parents or guardians to participate in programs for juveniles in an out-of-home placement. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require parents or guardians to participate in programs for juveniles in an out-of-home placement provided there is not a court finding that said participation is not in the best interest of the juvenile.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating a state Alzheimerís plan task force. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a council to establish a state Alzheimer's Plan.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Add protections for WV residents who reside out of state for certain time periods from non-renewal of licenses and registration. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add protections for West Virginia residents who reside out of state for certain time periods from non-renewal of licenses and registration.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Banning certain persons from sport wagering activities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow the Lottery Commission to ban persons from sports betting who have harassed or shown a harmful pattern of conduct directed at any person involved in a sporting event.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Infrastructure Ready Jurisdictions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish Infrastructure Ready Jurisdictions; establish rulemaking; and award an additional five percent preferential scoring for projects within these jurisdictions on all permissible grants.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating the utility pole rights of way and easement mapping initiative. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the utility pole rights-of-way and easement mapping initiative; to require pole owners to provide information to the Department of Economic Development to map the poles; required the Department of Economic Development to create maps with specific information about the poles; to mandate confidentiality of information about electrical facilities connected to poles; to allow the Department of Economic Development to provide information to parties who demonstrate the need for the information to determine feasibility of projects; to mandate confidentiality agreement of any requestor of reported information; and to provide exception to reporting if pole owner provides information directly to telecommunications entity.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to vocational and technical education programs. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide information to high school students regarding career and technical educational opportunities during and after high school, to create a career and technical education for middle school students, and to codify the Governor's Workforce Credential.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to terminating the authority of the Director of the Purchasing Division to impose a certain annual fee upon vendors. Description: The purpose of this bill is to terminate the authority of the Purchasing Division to impose a certain annual fee upon vendors.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Require Surveyors to offer to record surveys of property. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require land surveyors to offer to record maps or plats of measured parcels of land made by the surveyor.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Create a credit against the severance tax to encourage private companies to make infrastructure improvements to highways, roads and bridges in this state. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a credit against the severance tax to encourage private companies to make infrastructure improvements to highways, roads and bridges in this state. The bill limits the total amount of road and highway infrastructure improvement credits which can be certified by the Secretary of Transportation. The bill seeks to encourage greater capital investment in coal production and processing facilities. The bill will increase economic opportunity in this state. The bill authorizes the claiming of the credits. Finally, the bill provides for an effective date.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To provide a pay increase to state correctional workers in West Virginia. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for a pay increase and a sign-on bonus for corrections employees to retain current workers and to attract new workers to this field.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring certain non-discretionary procedures be strictly complied with by the West Virginia Parkways Authority before tolls, rents, fees or charges may be increased. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require certain non-discretionary procedures be strictly complied with by the West Virginia Parkways Authority before tolls, rents, fees or charges may be increased.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to providing health insurance coverage concerning biomarker testing. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require insurance coverage for biomarker testing.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Exempting the processing of beef, pork or lamb by a slaughterhouse for an individual owner of the product processed from the Consumer Sales and Service Tax. Description: The purpose of this bill is to exempt the processing of beef, pork or lamb by a slaughterhouse for an individual owner of the product processed from the Consumer Sales and Service Tax.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creation of the Joint Oversight Committee on the Fusion Center. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a legislative select committee, require annual reports, create criminal penalties, and clarify the duties and functions of the Fusion Center.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to E-Verify, the federal employment authorization program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to verify the legal employment status of all persons who come into their employ and to report their employment to the appropriate governmental agencies. The bill defines "E-Verify", the electronic verification of federal employment authorization program of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996, and provides that unauthorized workers' employment is prohibited.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Provide one trip temporary vehicle permits to be purchased and printed online. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the Commissioner of the Division of Motor Vehicles to allow the purchase of one trip special permits for a new motor vehicle dealer to be made and paid online.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Require Division of Highways to place signage up 30 days prior to road closure. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require signage for road closures 30 days prior to the closure if the closure will last longer than 30 days and the detour is longer than one mile.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to increasing the number of out-of-state medical students receiving in-state tuition rates who agree to practice for a specific time within West Virginia.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the number of out-of-state medical students receiving in-state tuition rates who agree to practice for a specific time within West Virginia from two to four program participants per medical school.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying appropriate and inappropriate duties for school counselors while also providing the definition of a school counselor.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify appropriate and inappropriate duties for school counselors while also providing the definition of a school counselor.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to adding elementary schools into school disciplinary measures. Description: The purpose of this bill is to include elementary schools in the school disciplinary section as amended during the 2023 Regular Session of the Legislature.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Preventing municipalities from targeting protected businesses with planning and zoning ordinances more restrictive than those placed upon other businesses.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prevent municipalities from targeting protected businesses with planning and zoning ordinances more restrictive than those placed upon other businesses. The bill shall be known as the Second Amendment Business Protection Act.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the practice of optometry. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the practice of optometry.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establish setback from residential properties for new windmills being constructed throughout the state.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the requirement that in order for the commission to award a siting certificate for a wind energy system, the minimum distance from a wind turbine to the closest residence be two miles.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Delivery Network Company (DNC) Insurance Model Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Delivery Network Company Insurance Act. The bill provides for definitions. The bill defines interaction with other laws. The bill provides for insurance requirements. The bill provides for disclosures to Delivery Network Drivers. The bill provides for exclusions in motor vehicle liability insurance policies. Finally, the bill creates an effective date.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to distilled liquor. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit the manufacture in a limited amount of alcoholic liquor for personal use only and not for sale.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to the banking authority of the State Treasurerís Office. Description: The purpose of this bill is to set forth prohibited clauses in State banking contracts and to remove the date by which the Public Deposits Program must be operable under the West Virginia Security for Deposits Act to allow discretion for program implementation.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing limitations on billing practices of Internet or telecommunications providers that fail to provide subscribed customers service for five or more days. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish limitations on billing practices of Internet or telecommunications providers that fail to provide subscribed customers service for five or more days (120 hours) to automatically credit the customer's account for the lack of service proportional to the number of days of disrupted services.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Health Care Sharing Ministries Freedom to Share Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the "Health Care Sharing Ministries Freedom to Share Act". The bill exempts a health care sharing ministry form the state's insurance laws.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Capping amount of moneys to third party vendors who collect business and occupation taxes on behalf of cities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to cap the amount of moneys to which third party vendors or contractors who collect business and occupation taxes on behalf of cities or municipalities may be entitled to for their services.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to extending the reporting and sunset dates of the State Advisory Council on Postsecondary Attainment Goals. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend the reporting and sunset dates of the State Advisory Council on Postsecondary Attainment Goals.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to updating the practice of nursing. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the practice of nursing.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating the Certified Sites and Development Readiness Program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the monetary amount of grants issued under the Certified Sites and Development Readiness Program under the Department of Economic Development.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying exceptions for real estate appraisal licensure.. Description: Modifying exceptions for real estate appraisal licensure.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to employment of service personnel and removing the requirement for a high school diploma or general education development certificate.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove the requirement that service personnel have a high school diploma or its equivalent.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To address the professional development of teachers.. Description: The purpose of this bill relates generally to training requirements for school personnel; it modifies the frequency of training from annually to upon employment and every three years thereafter, for suicide prevention awareness, child sexual abuse prevention, the county policy on harassment, intimidation or bullying, and multicultural education; requires first aid training include blood borne pathogen information; and requires those who care for, educate, or house disabled children to be trained on mandatory reporting obligations.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to state superintendentís reports regarding the finances of school districts. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the state superintendent's reports regarding the finances of school districts.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying the duty of banks to retain and procure records. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the duty of banks to retain and procure records and to modify the statute of limitations for actions to enforce a demand to be uniform with the timeframe for property abandonment. This bill also provides a presumption of payment by the bank absent evidence of owner consent to renewal or escheatment to the state.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Require county boards of education to provide long-term substitute teachers, upon hiring, with certain information. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require county boards of education to inform persons, who are employed as a long-term substitute teacher, about completing IEP and 504 plans.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To prohibit swatting. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the West Virginia Anti-Swatting Act.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing the sunset clause from Oil and Gas Personal Property Tax. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove the sunset clause from the oil and gas personal property tax.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To allow for public and private schools in West Virginia to employ security personnel.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize local school boards, public charter schools, and private or religious schools to employ school security officers.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Require Division of Purchasing to write contracts in an unbiased manner. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require purchasing division contracts to be nonspecific in regards to manufacturers or suppliers of commodities to be purchased.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing that a general education teacher may not be responsible for accommodation logs. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide that the general education teacher in an integrated classroom for education of exceptional children not responsible for accommodation logs.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Patriotic Access to Students in Schools Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Patriotic Access to Students in Schools Act. The bill defines patriotic societies. Finally, the bill provides for the opportunity to speak and recruit at public schools.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Require pornography websites to utilize age verification methods to prevent minors from accessing content. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create liability for publishers and distributors of material harmful to minors. The bill provides definitions. The bill requires any commercial entity that provides pornography and other materials defined as being harmful to minors as a substantial portion of the entity's content to verify the age of individuals accessing the material. The bill establishes requirements and liability for the retention of data. The bill imposes liability for publishers and distributors of material harmful to minors who fail to comply with verification requirements. Finally, the bill provides that an internet service provider or hosting entity is not liable for hosting or transmitting material harmful to minors to the extent that it is not the creator of the material.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to fatality and mortality review team. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the composition, authority and responsibilities of the Fatality and Mortality Review Team.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to personal income tax social security exemption. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide that the personal income tax decreasing modification for 100% of social security income shall no longer be subject to the restriction that such decreasing modification be allowable only when the federal adjusted gross income of a married couple filing a joint return does not exceed $100,000, or $50,000 in the case of a single individual or a married individual filing a separate return. The provision is retrospective to apply to taxable years beginning on and after January 1, 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending in-state tuition rates to all members and veterans of the National Guard, reserves, and armed forces as well as their spouses and dependents. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend in-state tuition rates to all members of the military armed forces, National Guard, reserves, as well as veterans of such institutions and their spouses and dependents, in order to encourage our military, Guard, and veterans to move to and reside in West Virginia.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to increasing annual salaries of certain employees of the state. Description: The purpose of this bill is to raise the salaries of certain state employees: West Virginia State Police and certain personnel; public school teachers; and school service personnel.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to blocking roadways. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit persons from sitting, standing, kneeling, or laying down in the roadway for the purpose of blocking traffic.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to permitting the state agencies to contract with the West Virginia public health Institute. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit government agencies to contract with a West Virginia public health institute.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the sale of raw milk. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit the sale of raw milk in West Virginia.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the Promise Scholarship. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit a student to reapply for the Promise Scholarship on an annual basis if that student falls out of eligibility during the academic year in college.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Medicaid dental coverage. Description: The purpose of this bill is to exclude dentures from the $1,000 dental coverage cap.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: A squatter cannot be considered a tenant in WV.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit squatting, and to clarify that squatters are not considered tenants.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To facilitate the creation of home-based businesses. Description: The purpose of this bill is to facilitate creation of home-based businesses, with certain conditions.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to the Hope Scholarship Program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make several specific changes in the Hope Scholarship Program; including that the annual Hope Scholarship Program appropriation calculation will be based on the estimated number of participating students instead of the number of participating students in the prior year; and clarifying that providers may not assess increased or additional fees against Hope Scholarship students based on participation in the program.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To facilitate the interstate practice of School Psychology in educational or school settings. Description: The purpose of this bill is to enact the Interstate Compact for School Psychologists.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to time frame of service of notice. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide 60 days to persons who are served notice by purchaser of tax lien to redeem subject property.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating the Oral Health and Cancer Rights Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require health benefit plan coverage for medically necessary dental procedures that result from cancer treatment; create the Oral Health and Cancer Rights Act; explain the scope of procedures covered as a result of certain cancer treatments; require the use of a specific billing identifier; and set an effective date.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of Lora Susan Thompson. Description: Memorializing life of Lora Susan Thompson
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the use of deep fake technology to influence an election. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit the use of deep fake technology to influence an election.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Mandating restitution to children of victims of negligent homicide or driving under the influence causing death. Description: The purpose of this bill is to mandate restitution to children of victims of negligent homicide or driving under the influence causing death.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the administration of the Voluntary Remediation and Redevelopment Act to provide new liability protections for persons and companies who wish to purchase and redevelop former industrial properties.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to streamline the Voluntary Remediation and Redevelopment Act ("VRRA"). The updated VRRA provides new liability protections for persons and companies who wish to purchase and redevelop former industrial properties that are or may be contaminated by a historical use. Language has been added to the VRRA to further protect bona fide prospective purchasers and innocent landowners.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Critical Materials Manufacturing Tax. Description: The purpose of this bill is to limit property tax on critical materials manufacturing.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to establishing a foster parent information system. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create an information sharing child welfare system.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing the contact information of the Inspector General on the agencies and boards websites of the executive departments. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide the contact information of the Inspector General on the agencies and boards websites of the executive departments.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to clarifying the authority of appointed officials. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the duties and responsibilities of the Secretary of the Department of Health, the Commissioner of the Bureau for Public Health, and the state health officer.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to repealing tax credit for employing former employees of Colin Anderson Center. Description: Relating to repealing tax credit for employing former employees of Colin Anderson Center
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to computer science and cybersecurity instruction for adult learners. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide computer science and cybersecurity instruction for adult learners.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying penalties for third offense shoplifting. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the penalty for third offense conviction of shoplifting.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating exception to spousal privilege. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand the exception to spousal testimonial privilege to include cases of offenses committed against the grandchildren of either spouse
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To require at least 1 baby changing station to existing and future rest areas in this state for both male and female restrooms. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require that state-owned rest areas and welcome centers built on or after January 1, 2025, provide at least one diaper changing stations in both male and female restrooms.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the administration of the A. James Manchin Rehabilitation Environmental Action Plan. Description: The purpose of this bill is to eliminate antiquated recycling goals and to set new criteria for evaluating the State's success in achieving recycling goals, as well as for ensuring continued federal financial support for State recycling programs. The bill defines terms. Finally, the bill establishes reporting requirements of recycling establishments.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Timber Management. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend the definition of managed timberland to include certain parcels of land that are within a subdivision as long as they are managed for timber production and harvesting.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allow women to work on inmate road crews. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make all state inmates, regardless of gender, members of the state convict road force.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to mobile food establishment reciprocity.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make it easier for food trucks to travel from county to county.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To provide for oversight and authority governing community air monitoring programs.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for DEP oversight and authority governing community air monitoring programs to ensure proper standards for data collection and evaluation through accurate scientific methods.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to surrender and return of license not required for disqualifying or downgrading a driverís license. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the surrender and return of license not required for disqualifying or downgrading a driver's license.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to deferred adjudication and pre-trial diversions for first offense DUI cases. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make all first time misdemeanor DUI offenders and first time implied consent offenders eligible for deferred adjudication one time.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to exempting non-grantor trusts administered in this state from the personal income tax.. Description: The purpose of this bill generally relates to the personal income tax by exempting non-granter trusts administered in this state from the personal income tax.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To repeal the additional one and one-half percent interest rate for underpayments and specify an effective date. Description: This bill is being introduced at the request of the state Tax Division. The purpose of this bill is to eliminate the additional one and one-half percent interest rate for underpayments and specify an effective date.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to human trafficking. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add a definition for "illegal alien" under human trafficking and provide that illegal aliens are not eligible for restitution.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to authorizing the West Virginia Division of Motor Vehicles to enforce administrative penalties for the civil offense of refusing a secondary chemical test. Description: The purpose of this bill is to grant the Commissioner of the Division of Motor Vehicles jurisdiction over license revocation proceedings for the civil offense of refusing a secondary chemical test.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to requirements, prohibitions and regulation of foreign principals or agents of foreign principals, lobbying by or on behalf of such foreign principals or their agents. Description: The purpose of this bill is to revise and/or establish requirements, prohibitions and regulation of foreign principals or agents of foreign principals, lobbying by or on behalf of such foreign principals or their agents, and to establish criminal liabilities and fines for violations of the requirements applicable to such foreign principals or their agents.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Related to the administration of the West Virginia Water Pollution Control Act, and Underground Carbon Dioxide Sequestration and Storage. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide further assurances to the United States Environmental Protection Agency regarding the State of West Virginia's application for primary enforcement authority over underground carbon dioxide sequestration programs in the State of West Virginia.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the licensure of birthing centers. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modernize the birthing center statute by updating language to make the statute more consistent with nationally recognized best practices in the field and by making the administrative requirements and processes associated with birthing center licensure more streamlined and consistent with other facility types regulated by the Office of Health Facility and Certification.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to substitute service personnel positions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow for service personnel to serve as substitute workers under certain conditions.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To raise the threshold for nominal referral fees from $25 to $100.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to define a nominal fee for providing a referral to an insurance company or producer.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to allowing a guardian ad litem to request the appointment of a court appointed special advocate. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow a guardian ad litem to request the appointment of a court appointed special advocate in cases of child neglect or abuse.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to obtaining title to abandoned or junked motor vehicles abandoned on the property or place of business of an automobile dealer. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove the requirement that the loan value of the motor vehicle be less than $9500 to allow an automobile dealer, licensed automobile auction, motor vehicle repair facility or towing company upon whose property or place of business an abandoned or junked motor vehicle has been abandoned to obtain a certificate of title and registration for the abandoned motor vehicle or junked vehicle.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Regarding continuing education requirements and compensation of Guardians Ad Litem. Description: The purpose of this bill generally relates to continuing education requirements and compensation of Guardians Ad Litem.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 23, 2024, as WV Motorsports Day. Description: Designating February 23, 2024, as WV Motorsports Day
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing residency requirements for candidates seeking nomination and election to United States Congress. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish residency requirements for candidates seeking nomination and election to United States Congress.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Exempt those with 25 years holding an insurance license from attaining additional CEUs. Description: The purpose of this bill is to exempt persons who have held an insurance license for 20 years or more from the requirement to attend continuing education courses.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Create mechanism for towing companies in WV to quickly access owner information.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide tow companies access to driver registration information on demand and at any hour.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Require retailers to verify identification and age upon purchase of vape products. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require that a valid driver's license, state identification card, or military identification card be presented to verify the minimum age of eighteen for the purchase or acceptance of tobacco related products.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: West Virginia Critical Infrastructure Protection Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add the criminal offense of damaging, destroying, or stealing any amount of copper, with felony penalties, providing for forfeiture of items of personal property which are used, have been used, or are intended for use, used in perpetration of theft or damage to infrastructure; and providing that the forfeiture provisions of this bill be governed by the applicable provisions of the West Virginia Contraband Forfeiture Act.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to revision of orders concerning distribution of marital property. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clean up language relating to the revision of order concerning distribution of marital property.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Change the requirement for posting public notices at the state and federal level for PSDs.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit public service districts to include notices of alleged federal and state violations in one publication.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Legg Brothers WWII Veterans Memorial Bridge. Description: Legg Brothers WWII Veterans Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to waiver of initial licensing fees for certain individuals. Description: The purpose of this bill generally relates to the waiver of initial licensing fees for certain individuals.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to civil service for deputy sheriffs. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the age requirement of becoming a deputy sheriff.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Including Potomac State College in the definition of community and technical college education program for participation in the ìLearn and Earn Programî. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a program to include Potomac State College of West Virginia as an eligible institution for participation in the "Learn and Earn Program". The bill removes reference to the program being a "pilot" program.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Directing transfer of moneys into fire protection funds at the end of each year. Description: The purpose of this bill is to transfer, after the end of each fiscal year from any remaining and available net profits in the State Lottery Fund, the sum of $6 million to the Fire Protection Fund for state distribution to volunteer fire departments; the sum of $3 million to the All County Fire Protection Fund for county distribution to fire departments in each county that has in place a countywide excess levy, or a countywide fee dedicated to fire or emergency services; and the sum of $3 million to the County Fire Protection Fund for county distribution to fire departments in each county.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to criminal trespass. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for increased fines for criminal trespass.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Deceased Disabled Veteran Real Property Exemption for Widowed Spouses. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for a deceased disabled veteran real property exemption for widowed spouses.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to requiring the State Auditor to conduct audits of all county boards of education. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize and require the state auditor to conduct audits of all county boards of education relating to income or funds received, regardless of source.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to defining term fictive kin. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add former foster parents to the definition of fictive kin.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to revising, updating and streamlining the requirements governing the West Virginia Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Scholarship.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to revise, update, and streamline the requirements governing the West Virginia Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Scholarship.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to contingent increase of tax rate on certain eligible acute care hospitals. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the tax rate imposed on certain hospitals up to the maximum amount allowed by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS).
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to making technical corrections to the special education code. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clean up statutory provisions regarding the special education code.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to child labor.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to eliminate the requirement that 14 or 15 year old obtain a work permit; establishing that employer seeking to hire a child 14 or older receive an age certificate from the commission prior to employing the child; providing commissioner the authority to issue age certificates for children ages 14 and over; and providing penalties for a person that issues an age certificate in violation of the article.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To create a ìdigital walletî to keep all certifications/licensure accrued by the person in one place. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a digital wallet for certifications and licensures.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establish a program to promote creation and expansion of registered apprenticeship programs. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Youth Apprenticeship Program and expanding registered apprenticeship programs.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing the size of matching grants for local economic development from $30,000 to $50,000.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the size of matching grants for local economic development from $30,000 to $50,000.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Eliminate funding for the Center for Nursing and transfer its duties and authorities to the Higher Education Policy Commission.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to do away with the Center for Nursing and transfer its duties and authorities to the Higher Education Policy Commission.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring car dealerships in this state to utilize a search engine to determine if buyers of vehicles have valid motor vehicle insurance.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit new and used motor vehicle dealerships in this state to utilize a search engine to determine if buyers of vehicles have valid motor vehicle insurance.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the creation of ìJaycieís Law.î. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create "Jaycie's Law." The bill provides for legislative intent. The bill allows for excused absences for student parents, with time periods for natural births and C-section births. The bill provides for excused absences in the event that a child of the student parent is sick, expectations for parenting education referencing, Finally, the bill provides for an effective date.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Removing requirements to submit certain evidence on behalf of home schooled children. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove requirements to submit certain evidence on behalf of home-schooled children.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to awards and benefits for duty related disability in the municipal police officers and firefighters retirement system. Description: The purpose of this bill is to eliminate the prerequisite that a disabled police officer or firefighter be found unable to engage in other substantial gainful employment before awarding disability benefits.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to requiring the Board of Pharmacy to promulgate rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Board of Pharmacy to create rules relating to the practice of pharmacy.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring purchases of certain commodities and services from state use program partners. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require purchases of certain commodities from non-profit workshops and requiring the director consult with the Committee on the Purchase of Commodities and Services from the Handicapped in making purchasing decisions.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring that school counselors serving students in preschool through the 12th grade participate in the School Counselors Conference at least once every two years. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require School counselors serving students in preschool through the 12th grade to participate in the School Counselors Conference at least once every two years.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To allow Gold Star spouses to receive one free Gold Star vehicle registration for personal use.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for one free Gold Star Family license plate to a Gold Star spouse.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: The Business Liability Protection Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the Business Liability Protection Act.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To create the Southern Coalfield Resiliency and Revitalization Program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Southern Coalfield Resiliency and Revitalization program to identify and prioritize existing resources that can be directed to support economic development efforts in the Boone, Logan, McDowell, Mingo, and Wyoming counties; establish a revitalization council to manage these activities; and provide technical assistance support, services, and resources to support community revitalization of the Southern Coalfield counties.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To double the criminal penalty for anyone found guilty of sexual assault on a minor. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase penalties related to child sexual assault and sexual abuse; to increase penalties for distributing, possessing and transporting material depicting a child engaged in sexually explicit conduct; and to clarify that that failure to report sexual assault, sexual abuse, or sexual exploitation of a child is a felony.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting driving slow in left lane except under certain circumstances. Description: The purpose of this bill is to requiring operators of vehicles to drive in rightmost portion or lane of roads or highways.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Mandating that all courts provide adjudication for juvenile offenders for traffic violations to the Division of Motor Vehicles. Description: The purpose of this bill is to mandate that all courts provide adjudication records for traffic violations of juvenile offenders to the Division of Motor Vehicles.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the West Virginia Office of the Insurance Commissioner to audit certain PEIA claims. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the Insurance Commissioner to audit claims under the Public Employees Insurance Act related to post-traumatic stress syndrome disorder PTSD claims for evaluation, diagnosis, and treatment for first responders; conduct annual reviews and report to the Interim Joint Health Committee, Interim Committee on PEIA and Insurance, and the Interim Committee on Volunteer Fire Departments and Emergency Medical Services.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Womenís Bill of Rights. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the West Virginia Women's Bill of Rights.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the regulation of behavioral health centers. Description: The purpose of this bill is to consolidate and update the behavioral health center licensing provisions and requirements. This update would separate behavioral health centers based on treatment settings, residential or non-residential. This division would allow better regulation of the facilities based on the treatment setting. Modernization of licensing fees and civil money penalties are to address issues related to behavioral health centers.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to combatting gift card fraud. Description: The purpose of this bill is to define terms, establish required notices, and describe necessary training to combat gift card fraud as well as describe the penalties associated with violating these provisions.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the Telephone Consumer Protection Act; defining terms; establishing exclusions; establishing conduct that is prohibited under the article; and setting forth violations.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring certain minimum experience for the director or coordinator of services class title involving school transportation.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide a minimum experience requirement for the director or coordinator of services class title involving school transportation. The bill provides eligibility for candidates for professional employee positions involving supervision of a county transportation department. The bill makes any service employee who is certified as a Director or Supervisor of Pupil Transportation by the National Association for Pupil Transportation Certification. Finally, the bill requires county boards to consider such candidates.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to the creation of mental hygiene regions by the Supreme Court of Appeals. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow the Supreme Court of Appeals to employ full-time mental hygiene commissioners with statewide jurisdiction to conduct mental hygiene proceedings in designated regions. The bill also creates a new system of temporary observation releases to ensure continued compliance with treatment plans and to allow for more efficient follow-up commitment if criteria have returned. Finally, the bill allows evaluators to conduct evaluations statewide and requires Certified Community Mental Health Centers to ensure that at least one examiner is available to provide coverage in each region at all hours and limits who may perform these evaluations.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to allowing the Supreme Court of Appeals discretion to create uniform pay scales for all levels of judicial support staff.. Description: Relating generally to allowing the Supreme Court of Appeals discretion to create uniform pay scales for all levels of judicial support staff.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the definition of small arms for purposes of taxation. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand the definition of small arms to include the receiver or frame for purposes of taxation.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to teacherís bill of rights. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the creation of a Teachers Bill of Rights. The bill defines the duties of counselors. The bill defines data to be provided. The bill defines the special education student to instructor ratio, a waiver process, and compensation given to a teacher when the ratio is exceeded. The bill provides for supplemental duty calendar provisions. The bill prohibits sanctions in certain instances. The bill provides resources, including liability insurance, for classroom teachers. The bill provides for teacher quality assistance. Finally, the bill clarifies the process for the removal of students.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the Deputy Sheriff Retirement System. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify DSRS surviving spouse benefits when member dies from duty or non-duty related cause, and to clarify how to compute a retiree's age when a member elected an early retirement and then returned to work.This bill was recommended for passage in the 2024 regular session of the Legislature by the Consolidated Public Retirement Board.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the enhanced recovery of oil and natural gas in horizontal wells. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that horizontal wells and horizontal drilling well work includes certain enhanced recovery techniques.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the Emergency Medical Services Retirement System and clarifying payment upon death of member with less than 10 years of contributory service. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify EMSRS surviving spouse benefits when member dies from duty or non-duty related cause, and to clarify how to compute a retiree's age when the member elected an early retirement and then returned to work.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: West Virginia Short Line Railroad Modernization Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the West Virginia Short Line Railroad Modernization Act and tax credit allowed and credit limitations for short line railroad companies in West Virginia.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Eliminating the ability to sub-contract under Certificate of Need. Description: The purpose of this bill is to eliminate the ability to sub-contract in the certificate of need process.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to traffic safety. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase traffic safety by defining maintenance vehicles and describing making way for them.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To allow for the implementation of Educational Software in West Virginia public schools.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish a partnership between Workforce West Virginia through its Division of Workforce Development and the West Virginia Board of Education for the implementation of the Plasma Games teaching program in high schools and technical schools in the state, establishing an implementation plan and reporting.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Revising state law regulating farm wineries. Description: The purpose of this bill is to revise and update the code regulating farm wineries in West Virginia to allow the state's farm winery industry to be more competitive with farm wineries in adjacent states.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing a private outdoor designated area to simultaneously host multiple qualified permit holders. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expressly authorize a private outdoor designated area to simultaneously host multiple qualified permit holders, including but not limited to a special S2 licensed and properly insured private fair and festival.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to prohibiting pubertal modulation and hormonal therapy when provided to assist in a gender transition. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove pubertal modulation and hormonal therapy from prohibited practices.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to prohibiting a candidate who failed to secure the nomination of a political party in a primary election from seeking the same elected office as an affiliate with a different political party in the subsequent general election. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit unsuccessful candidates in a primary election from being nominated by a different political party for placement on the subsequent general election ballot.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to impaired driving not eligible for deferred adjudication. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify existing law that ¬ß17C-5-2b is the operative statute for deferred adjudication for all eligible driving under the influence cases.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Remote Patient Outcome Improvement Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for the creation of the Remote Patient Outcome Improvement Act. The bill provides for definitions. The bill provides for a short title. The bill creates definitions. Finally, the bill provides for utilization.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making it permissive for commercial motor vehicles registered in this state to pass an annual inspection of all safety equipment to be consistent with the federal motor carrier safety regulations. Description: The purpose of this bill is to revise the statute to make it permissive for commercial motor vehicles registered in this state to pass an annual inspection of all safety equipment to be consistent with the federal motor carrier safety regulations and adding a definition for the term "Commercial motor vehicle." This bill was recommended for passage by the West Virginia Department of Homeland Security and the West Virginia State Police during the 2024 regular session of the West Virginia Legislature.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying that elected municipal police chiefs shall be certified law-enforcement officers.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that elected municipal police chiefs shall be certified law-enforcement officers.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating the offense of exposing persons to fentanyl. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the offense of exposing a law-enforcement officer, probation officer, parole officer, courthouse security officer, correctional officer, the State Fire Marshal, a deputy or assistant fire marshal, firefighter, or emergency medical service personnel to opioids.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to prohibition of unfair real estate service agreements. Description: Relating to prohibition of unfair real estate service agreements
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to adding an athletic trainer to the Board of Physical Therapy. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add a solely licensed athletic trainer to the board.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the upper Ohio Valley Trail Network. Description: Relating to the upper Ohio Valley Trail Network
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Excepting persons previously commissioned as a notary public from requirement to have a high school diploma or its equivalent in order to be recommissioned as a notary public. Description: The purpose of this bill is to exempt persons who have previously been commissioned as a notary public from the requirement of having a high school diploma or its equivalent.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the legislative oversight committee of the Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the legislative oversight committee of the Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation; clarify that the legislative oversight committee shall be charged with the immediate and ongoing oversight of the Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation's juvenile detention facilities and adult correctional facilities; and provide for executive sessions of the committee in certain circumstances.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to requiring insurance coverage for a nonopioid drug for the treatment of pain for patients with substance use disorder.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require insurance coverage to not prioritize the use of an opioid over a nonopioid drug for the treatment of pain.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to testimony of cognitively delayed persons in open court and criminal penalties for assault of cognitively delayed persons. Description: clarifying when a mentally incapacitated victim may not be required to testify in open court; and providing judicial discretion to determine the appropriateness of a mentally capacitated victim to testify.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the registration requirements in the Sex Offender Registration Act.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify how those required to register sex offenders, who have no permanent residence, can satisfy their legal obligation.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to establishing a program for emergency medical services personnel to become certified paramedics. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Pathway to a Career in Medicine Program.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Changing the name of the ìRaleigh County Recreation Authorityî to the ìRaleigh County Parks and Recreation Authorityî. Description: The purpose of this bill is to rename the Raleigh County Recreation Authority to the Raleigh County Parks and Recreation Authority.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: West Virginia Truth in Food Labeling Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the West Virginia Truth in Food Labeling Act. The bill provides for a short title. The bill provides for definitions. The bill defines misbranded food. The bill provides for the labeling of cell-cultured product. Finally, the bill provides for rules.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing volunteer fire departments to use fire protection funding for certain purchases. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow volunteer fire departments to use fire protection funding for certain purchases associated with the State Auditor's West Virginia Checkbook fiscal reporting system.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating an ombudsman program within the Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation to review complaints against a state agency or correctional facility.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create an ombudsman program within the Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation to review complaints against a state agency or correctional facility.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to allowing influenza immunizations to be offered to hospital patients. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow influenza immunizations to be offered to patients and residents of specified facilities on a voluntary basis based upon recommendations of the Center for Disease Control.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to changing political parties less than one year prior to being appointed to political office.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit the changing of party affiliation from Independent or no party to a party affiliation fewer than 60 days prior to running for office.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to financial assistance available for a prescription drug. Description: The purpose of this bill is to ensure financial or product assistance are available for a prescription drug.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to judicial review of Board decisions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to repeal ¬ß1A-7-20 of the Code of West Virginia, 1931, as amended.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To modify the state auditing practices of the volunteer and part-volunteer fire departments. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify state auditing practices and requirements to facilitate efficient financial management of volunteer and part-volunteer fire departments; directing state audit functions of these departments to the State Auditor; freezing state funding to any fire departments that fail to cooperate with a state audit; requiring that both the fire chief and treasurer sign any sworn statements required to be submitted to the state auditor; requiring that volunteer and part-volunteer fire departments be audited at least once every 5 years; providing for restitution be paid to volunteer and part-time fire departments double the amount of property unlawfully stolen or embezzled; requiring posting a notice of this penalty in volunteer and part-volunteer fire departments; and establishing a pilot project to evaluate how volunteer and part-volunteer fire departments implement the State Auditor's Checkbook accounting system.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing additional professional development and support to West Virginia educators through teacher and leader induction and professional growth.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide additional professional development and support to West Virginia educators by utilizing a portion of existing monies from the state aid funding formula for teacher and leader induction and professional growth necessary to support the full implementation of the Third Grade Success Act and other academic initiatives geared toward student achievement. The bill also expands WVDE's regional professional learning cadres program designed to mentor teachers who are less than fully certified for the teaching position in which they are employed on grade-level content, standards driven instruction, research-based instructional strategies, and the West Virginia Professional Teaching Standards.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to clarifying the amount of experience required in the hiring of professional education personnel. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add experience needed for principals to apply and to grant waivers of experience required in employment of professional education personnel if nobody applies with the experience needed.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to per diem compensation and expenses of newly elected or appointed judicial officers receiving education and training prior to taking the oath of office.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow newly elected or appointed circuit judges, family court judges, and magistrates to receive compensation and expenses for training sessions prior to taking the oath of office and beginning their term. Other sections of code generally prohibit an elected official from receiving compensation prior to the start of a term absent an exception in code.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To move the essential functions of the Information Services and Communications Division into the Office of Technology.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to move the essential functions of the Information Services and Communications Division into the Office of Technology.This bill was recommended for passage by the West Virginia Office of Technology in the 2024 regular session of the West Virginia Legislature.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing the registered apprenticeship to associate of applied science program to be administered by the Council for Community and Technical College Education. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the apprenticeship to associate of applied science degree program to be administered by the Council for Community and Technical College Education.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to time limits imposed on the Division of Highways to grant a highway entrance permit. Description: The purpose of this bill is to impose a time limit for the Department of Highways to grant an entrance permit for work on a highway, to describe the time limit for requested changes, and to describe when a permit shall be considered approved.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying that electronic data processing services are to be included in the valuation of specialized high-technology property. Description: The purpose of this bill is to include in the high-technology property valuation statute the hosting and processing of electronic data as part of a data center operation and high-performance data computing to process data and perform complex computation and solve algorithms at high speeds in connection with digital, blockchain, and/or artificial intelligence technologies.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Higher Education Policy Commission, administration, control account. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to public charter schools code provisions. Description: Relating to public charter schools code provisions
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarify law regarding the crime of witness tampering. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide penalties for crimes against public justice, criminal offenses and penalties for intimidation, retaliation against public officers and employees, jurors, and witnesses; fraudulent official proceedings and legal processes against public officials and employees; or making public threats directed at inciting lawless action that could cause bodily harm and is likely to incite or produce such action.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Enhancing training requirements for county boards of education members.. Description: The purpose of this bill is enhance training requirements for county boards of education members by increasing the number of hours required for training, authorizing the State Board to require members to attend additional training when beneficial, modifying training topics, increasing the compensation rate for meeting attendance and decreasing the number of meetings members may be compensated to attend, prohibiting compensation to county board members who have not complied with all training requirements and including the chairs of the House and Senate Education Committees as ex officio members of the county board member standards training review committee.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to criminalizing the use of deep fakes. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit the use of deep fake images for the criminal invasion of privacy or the unlawful depiction of nude or partially nude minors or minors engaged in sexually explicit conduct; establishing such conduct as criminal offenses, subject to criminal penalties.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to juvenile competency. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify competency proceedings for juvenile delinquency court actions.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to requiring a hospital to disclose price and fee information for certain health care services. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require hospital to disclose price and fee information for certain hospital services.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing that causes of action under Chapter 46A of the Code of West Virginia survive the death of the party. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide that causes of action under Chapter 46A of the Code of West Virginia shall survive the death of the party.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to fentanyl prevention and awareness Education (Lakenís Law). Description: The purpose of this bill is to mandate Fentanyl Prevention and Awareness Education, which shall be known as "Laken's Law".
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to requiring certain reporting from the Mountaineer Trail Network Authority each year. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require certain reporting from the Mountaineer Trail Network Authority each year and beginning on December 1, 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Consumer Data Protection Act. Description: Relating to the Consumer Data Protection Act
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to modifying requirements imposed on any owner, operator, or manager within a tourism development project. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that tourism development projects and tourism development expansion projects are only required to satisfy the standards approved by the West Virginia Department of Economic Development for the design, acquisition, construction, and equipping thereof.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to allowing license plates to be obtained from alternative sources when the Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation is unable to produce them. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prevent a lack of availability of license plates and other signs due to a temporary inability of the Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation to manufacture them.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to continuing education concerning domestic violence.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require certain licensees to obtain continuing education on domestic violence or abuse.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To provide and change graduation requirements and change duties relating to academic content standards. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require all West Virginia high school students to requiring students to pass a minimum of one credit of computer science and technology courses, establish requirements for the classes, establish rulemaking, and create teaching positions, and requirements for those teaching positions.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to permitting the electronic execution of trusts.. Description: Relating to permitting the electronic execution of trusts.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to requiring the Division of Motor Vehicles to provide an identification card for eligible released inmates. Description: Relating to requiring the Division of Motor Vehicles to provide an identification card for eligible released inmates
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring an appraiser to pay for a background check required by the AMC as a condition of being added to the AMCs panel of appraisers.. Description: Requiring an appraiser to pay for a background check required by the AMC as a condition of being added to the AMCs panel of appraisers.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting cameras and recording devices in bedrooms and bathrooms of foster children. Description: Prohibiting cameras and recording devices in bedrooms and bathrooms of foster children
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting the Commissioner of the Division of Highways to issue a special permit to operate or move a vehicle or combination of vehicles of a size or weight of vehicles or nondivisible load exceeding the maximum specified. Description: Relating of movement of oversized vehicles on roadways
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the creation, composition, qualifications, and compensation of the State Board of Risk and Insurance Management. Description: Relating to the creation, composition, qualifications, and compensation of the State Board of Risk and Insurance Management
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting the West Virginia School of Osteopathic Medicine, West Virginia University and Marshall University from contracts, agreements, or memorandums of understanding with spending units in state government with exceptions.. Description: Exempting West Virginia University and Marshall University from contracts, agreements, or memorandums of understanding with spending units in state government with exceptions
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to shortened procedure for road condition claims. Description: Relating to shortened procedure for road condition claims
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to confidentiality of child care records and the Foster Care Ombudsman. Description: Relating to confidentiality of child care recrods and the Foster Care Ombudman
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to requiring the Governor to establish crisis preparedness plans. Description: Creating plans to protect West Virginia from major crises
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Public Service Commission to promulgate rules for maintenance, flushing, flow testing, and marking of fire hydrants owned by water utilities. Description: Authorizing the Public Service Commission to promulgate rules for maintenance, flushing, flow testing, and marking of fire hydrants owned by water utilities
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting the termination of employment of an employee who defends themselves from an attack inside workplace. Description: Prohibiting the termination of employment of an employee who defends themselves from an attack inside workplace
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to absentee voting. Description: Relating to absenteee voting
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to West Virginia Real Estate License Act. Description: Relating generally to West Virginia Real Estate License Act
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to allowing patients to direct prescribers to list the illness or condition for which a prescription is being issued on the label of the prescription. Description: To allow patients or subscribers of medications to direct pharmacists to list the illness or condition for which a prescription is being issued be listed on the label of the prescription.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prompt Payment Act of 2024. Description: Prompt Payment Act of 2024
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing and maintaining the bracketed tax rates on the privilege of establishing or operating a health maintenance organization. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase and maintain the bracketed tax rates on the privilege of establishing or operating a health maintenance organization, specify effective dates, and provide a process for rates to be certified to the tax commissioner and require notice to be provided.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allow suspended school personnel to enter school property functions open to the public. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit a suspended employee who presents no clear and present danger of disruption, disorder, riot of the event, or an immediate threat to public safety to attend public events on school property while serving their suspension; and permitting the suspended employee who has children or grandchildren attending the school to exercise normal functions of a parent or guardian with regards to the school while suspended.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to adding ìperson in a position of trustî to certain crimes. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add person in a position of trust in relation to a child for murder, death of a child, child abuse resulting in injury, child abuse creating risk of injury, female genital mutilation, child neglect resulting in injury, child neglect creating risk of injury, and child neglect resulting in death.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating the Responsible Gaming and Research Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Responsible Gaming and Research Act. The bill creates a short title. The bill provides for gaming data collection and sharing for scholarly purposes. The bill provides for preparation of the report.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to changing the maximum amount a County Clerk can charge to settle an estate and removing reference to Fiduciary Commissioner. Description: The purpose of this bill is to change the maximum amount a County Clerk can charge to settle an estate and removing reference to Fiduciary Commissioner.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Arts, Culture, and History, Division of Culture and History. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Medicaid Cost Containment. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require Medicaid to submit certain proposals with a $3 million or more impact through the rulemaking process, and requiring Medicaid to submit reports regarding program expenditures and recommendations regarding cost containment measures.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating a West Virginia Task Force on Artificial Intelligence. Description: Creating a West Virginia Task Force on Artificial Intelligence
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to a biennial capitation rate review to be conducted by the Bureau of Medical Services. Description: Relating biennial capitation rate review
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Firearms Industry Nondiscrimination Act. Description: Relating to Firearms
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing DEP to promulgate rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Department of Environmental Protection to promulgate a legislative rule relating to alternative emission limitations during startup and shutdown operations.This section is new; therefore,
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Health to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Department of Health to promulgate a legislative rule relating to public water systems operators.This section is new; therefore,
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Human Services to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Department of Human Services to promulgate a legislative rule relating to collection and exchange of data related to overdoses.This section is new; therefore,
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Homeland Security to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Governor's Committee on Crime, Delinquency, and Correction to promulgate a legislative rule relating to law enforcement training and certification standards.This section is new; therefore,
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Revenue to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Insurance Commissioner to promulgate a legislative rule relating to AIDS regulations.This section is new; therefore,
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing DOT to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Division of Motor Vehicles to promulgate a legislative rule relating to motor vehicle titling.This section is new; therefore,
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding definition of ìammunitionî for purposes of obtaining state license to carry concealed deadly weapon. Description: Adding definition of ìammunitionî for purposes of obtaining state license to carry concealed deadly weapon
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing auto-renewal program for wildlife licenses. Description: Establishing auto-renewal program for wildlife licenses
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying deadline to file annual report for companies authorized to do business in WV. Description: Clarifying deadline to file annual report for companies authorized to do business in WV
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating WV Guardian Program. Description: Creating WV Guardian Program
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring each county board to ensure that its meetings are open to public through in-person attendance and broadcast live on its website. Description: Requiring each county board to ensure that its meetings are open to public through in-person attendance and broadcast live on its website
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating adult education taskforce. Description: Creating adult education taskforce
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to municipalities required to be represented on county authority boards. Description: Relating to municipalities required to be represented on county authority boards
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying when magistrate vacancies shall be filled. Description: Clarifying when magistrate vacancies shall be filled
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying terms and offense of human smuggling. Description: Clarifying terms and offense of human smuggling
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Displaying official US motto in public schools. Description: Displaying official US motto in public schools
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing penalties for drug possession and updating list of offenses. Description: Increasing penalties for drug possession and updating list of offenses
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Violent Crime Prevention Act. Description: Creating Violent Crime Prevention Act
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring certain documents that contain wage records be considered confidential. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require that certain documents that contain records of wages be considered confidential.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring one-year residency within district or county to fill vacancy in Legislature. Description: The purpose of this bill is to the require residency of a person within the district or county he or she will represent for one year prior to any appointment to a vacancy in the office of State Senator or as a member of the House of Delegates.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Enhancing penalties for fleeing officer. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create second and third offenses for fleeing from an officer.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting persons convicted of certain crimes against minors from holding positions on boards of education. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require that the party affiliation for county school board members be displayed beside their name on the ballot for election.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Updating language and increasing penalties for indecent exposure. Description: Updating language and increasing penalties for indecent exposure
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing Summer Feeding for All Program. Description: Establishing Summer Feeding for All Program
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing aggravated felony offense of reckless driving resulting in death. Description: Establishing aggravated felony offense of reckless driving resulting in death
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to trespassing. Description: Relating generally trespassing
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating pilot program for recovery residences in Cabell County. Description: Creating pilot program for recovery residences in Cabell County
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating contested elections procedures. Description: Updating contested elections procedures
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing statewide health and safety fee for tourism and recreational activities by county commissions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a statewide Health and Safety Fee that would allow visitors to help contribute to the readiness cost of emergency services through an up to $1.00 per day/activity fee that would be distributed to the counties twice per year.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Granting municipal fire marshal authority to assist law-enforcement officer. Description: The purpose of this bill is to grant municipal Fire Marshals the authority to assist law enforcement officers.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing physician assistants to own practice. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow physician assistants to own a practice. This bill also allows the West Virginia Board of Medicine to deny a license or other authorization to physician assistants who make unlawful referrals where that physician assistant has a proprietary interest. It provides that the term "physician assistant" is synonymous with
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to compensable diseases of certain firefighters covered by workers' compensation. Description: The purpose of this bill is to include three types of cancer for which rebuttable presumption of injury from employment exists for firefighters and provides that the presumption for the three types of cancer expires July 1, 2027, unless extended by the Legislature.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting county commissions from adopting authorization that exceeds state law regarding agriculture operations. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit county commissions from adopting any ordinance, rule, license requirement, or other authorization that exceeds state law, rule, or regulation regarding agricultural operations. The bill revokes any ordinance, rule, or regulation previously adopted by county commissions regarding agricultural operations. The bill prohibits county commissions from adopting any ordinance, rule, regulation, or other authorization that applies to use of federal or state pesticides, herbicides, or insecticides. The bill prohibits county commissions from adopting ordinances that regulate dwellings or other buildings on agricultural land or operations; requiring appointment of at-large member on county enforcement agency to have background or knowledge of agricultural operations.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Revising requirements of local school improvement councils. Description: The purpose of this bill generally relates to Local School Improvement Councils. The bill revises council membership requirements. The bill requires minutes be taken at every council meeting. The bill revises requirements pertaining to annual council meeting regarding the school's academic performance. The bill requires training on the role and governance of the councils and the production of a document on parent and community leader roles in the councils. Finally, the bill allows public charter schools to abide by all or some of the local school improvement council requirements.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying certain guidelines for motor vehicle dealers, distributors, wholesalers, and manufacturers. Description: The purpose of this bill generally relates to new motor vehicle dealers, distributors, wholesalers, manufacturers, factory branches, and distributor branches. The bill defines terms. The bill clarifies a manufacturer's obligations for warranty and recall reimbursement to a new motor vehicle dealer. The bill restricts the manufacturer and distributor right of first refusal. The bill identifies and clarifies unlawful and prohibited practices. Finally, the bill clarifies statutory authority of dealer data systems vendor agreements.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Updating offenses of extortion and attempted extortion. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the offenses of extortion and attempted extortion, including threats to publish images of a person's intimate body parts as a means of committing extortion or attempted extortion. The bill defines the phrase "anything of value, or other consideration" to include certain defined sexual acts and defining images of intimate body parts. Finally, the bill sets forth criminal penalties.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to permissible expenditures by Water Development Authority from Infrastructure Fund. Description: Relating to permissible expenditures by Water Development Authority from Infrastructure Fund
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Protecting consumers against automatic renewals without consent. Description: Protecting consumers against automatic renewals without consent
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to dental health care service plans. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for transparency of the expenditure of dental health care plan premiums, and to require annual reports and rebates to patients if the medical loss ratio exceeds a certain percentage.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring sheriff to serve child abuse and neglect petitions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the sheriff to serve child abuse and neglect petitions.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Mountain Homes Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Mountain Homes Act and creating the Mountain Homes Fund to remove barriers to funding for home construction with the goal of promoting a sustainable quality of life for the state's workforce.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing for substantial deference to state school superintendent's interpretations of school laws. Description: Providing for substantial deference to state school superintendent's interpretations of school laws
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying definition of sexual contact. Description: Modifying definition of sexual contact
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: WV Rail Trails Program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update and correct sections of the West Virginia Rail Trails Program. The bill provides for updated definitions to include a definition of "rail with trail." Finally, the bill addresses railroad liability and safety risk concerns proposed during the 2021 regular legislative session.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Budget Bill. Description: Budget Bill
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing state and subdivisions to negotiate price for construction when all bids received exceed maximum budget. Description: Authorizing state and subdivisions to negotiate price for construction when all bids received exceed maximum budget
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Uniform Controlled Substances Act. Description: Relating to Uniform Controlled Substances Act
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting WV veterans from certain fees and charges at state parks. Description: Exempting WV veterans from certain fees and charges at state parks
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing revocation of authority for spending by agency in support of challenge to WV law. Description: Establishing revocation of authority for spending by agency in support of challenge to WV law
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Hunger-Free Campus Act. Description: Hunger-Free Campus Act
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing fees charged by sheriff. Description: Increasing fees charged by sheriff
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating the Glucagon for Schools Act. Description: Creating the Glucagon for Schools Act
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: WV Veterans' Home Loan Mortgage Program of 2024. Description: WV Veterans' Home Loan Mortgage Program of 2024
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying procedure for administrative dissolution of corporations by Secretary of State. Description: Clarifying procedure for administrative dissolution of corporations by Secretary of State
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing value at which municipal property must be sold through public auction. Description: Increasing value at which municipal property must be sold through public auction
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Excluding test strips from definition of drug paraphernalia. Description: Excluding test strips from definition of drug paraphernalia
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing teachers in public schools to discuss scientific theories. Description: Allowing teachers in public schools to teach intelligent design
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to organization of Office of Inspector General. Description: Relating to the organization of the Office of the Inspector General
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Equipment Right to Repair Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Equipment Right to Repair Act.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying process of when parental rights are terminated. Description: The purpose of this bill is modify the process of when parent rights have been terminated.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Removing requirement for wineries to serve food when serving wine. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove the requirements for wineries to serve food in order to serve and sell wine by the glass or bottle; to allow the service of wine in glasses and sale of wine in bottles and glasses for consumption on winery properties both indoors and outdoors; and to permit the sale of wines made by West Virginia wineries at West Virginia wine festivals.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to distribution of drugs to safety net providers and contract pharmacies. Description: The purpose of this bill generally relates to the distribution of drugs to safety net providers and contract pharmacies. The bill provides for penalties. Finally, the bill provides for preemption.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Eliminating cap on maximum amount of money in county's financial stabilization fund. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow counties to save excess funds.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the WV Advanced Energy and Economic Corridor Authority. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the West Virginia Advanced Energy and Economic Corridor Authority Commission comprised of the economic development agencies of McDowell, Mercer, Mingo, and Wayne counties.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Updating definition of "electioneering communication" to be consistent with FEC. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the definition of "electioneering communication" to be consistent with the Federal Election Commission.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Expanding the definition of "small arms" for purposes of taxation. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand the definition of small arms to include the receiver or frame for purposes of taxation.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying Unborn Child Protection Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the Unborn Child Protection act. The bill provides for definitions. The bill creates a process of informed consent. The bill provides for printed information. The bill provides for the creation of an Internet website. The bill provides for an informed consent procedure in case of medical emergency. The bill provides for reporting. The bill provides for licensure action. The bill provides for protection of aborted fetuses born alive. Finally, the bill provides for severability.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Permitting dental hygienist to perform tobacco cessation education. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand the scope of work of a dental hygienist to permit the dental hygienist to provide tobacco cessation education to patients to improve overall dental health.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating Public Employees Grievance Board procedure that certain decisions be appealed to Intermediate Court of Appeals. Description: The purpose of this bill is to is to correct the court for appeals of level 3 decisions. Per SB 275 (2021), effective July 1, 2022, the Intermediate Court of Appeals is the proper appellate court for appeals of level 3 decisions issued by the Public Employees Grievance Board.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Health Care Sharing Ministries Freedom to Share Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the "Health Care Sharing Ministries Freedom to Share Act". The bill exempts a health care sharing ministry form the state's insurance laws.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Exempting certain physicians from specified traffic laws when responding to emergencies. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit physicians to be exempt from specified traffic laws when responding to an emergency call. This proposed bill provides that the physician must continue to exercise due care and provides for rulemaking.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting smoking in vehicle when minor 16 or under is present. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit the use of lit tobacco products in a motor vehicle while individuals 16 years of age or under are present. The bill also provides that the misdemeanor offense is a secondary offense that may only be charged if a driver has been detained for violation of another vehicle law.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting public disclosure of personal information on internet. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit the public disclosure of personal information on the internet, and to create penalties.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating crime of assault on a police dog. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make it unlawful to harm, attempt to harm, or kill a police dog that is under the control of a law-enforcement or corrections officer who is acting in his or her official capacity. The bill also defines the term "police dog" and sets forth penalties.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating limited waiver from certificate of public convenience and necessity requirement for certain water or sewer services projects. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish a waiver of the requirement to obtain a certificate of public convenience and necessity for projects that are approved by the Infrastructure and Jobs Development Council and funded by ARPA/SFR monies through Economic Enhancement Grant Fund grants. The waiver shall expire on January 1, 2025.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing US Concealed Carry Association to provide concealed carry classes in WV. Description: The purpose of this bill is to codify the USCCA to provide concealed carry classes in West Virginia.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: WV Recreational Trails Development Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to enact the West Virginia Recreational Trails Development Act, provide definitions, require the Department of Transportation to prioritize design and construction of recreational trails in the state, assign duties to the Department for development and maintenance and funding, establish reporting requirements, and set an effective date.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing appeals from administrative rulings are to be filed with Intermediate Court of Appeals. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish that appeals from administrative rulings by the Commissioner of the Department of Agriculture concerning the Frozen Desserts and Imitation Frozen Desserts Law are to be filed with the Intermediate Court of Appeals pursuant to ¬ß9A-5-4 of the Administrative Procedures Act of the West Virginia Code.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: WV Farm Use Vehicle Tag Placement Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide additional options for farm use vehicle tag placement.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: WV Rent-to-Own Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend certain procedures relating to the regulation of the rental of consumer goods under rent-to own agreements, disclosure requirements when consumer is in default, and limitations on charges and fees.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting intentional motor vehicle emissions that create hazards. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibition of certain additives in diesel fuel; defining terms; providing for penalties; and providing for enforcement.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying roster requirements of authorizing entities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish an exception to the roster requirements for authorizing entities subject to chapter 30 of the code and to remove geographical information about individuals authorized to engage in a trade, occupation, or profession from the roster made available to the public.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing certain 911 personnel to be members of Emergency Medical Services Retirement System under certain circumstances. Description: The purpose of this bill is to Authorize certain 911 personnel to be members of the Emergency Medical Services Retirement System under certain circumstances.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Restricting driving in left lane of multi-lane highways in WV. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for the regulation of driving in the left lane on four-lane interstate highways in West Virginia. The bill provides for the purpose and intent. The bill creates definitions and provides for the prohibition. The bill provides penalties. The bill creates enforcement. Finally, the bill provides for an effective date.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing for immunity for mental health providers who are involved in mental hygiene checks. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove liability for mental health professionals providing services in mental hygiene cases involving possible involuntary hospitalization.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to health insurance coverage for certain emergency services. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that health insurance coverage for emergency services when a prudent layperson acting reasonably would have believed that an emergency medical condition existed includes prehospital screening and stabilization of emergency condition by ambulance service if the patient declines to be transported against medical advice.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reducing certification periods and renewal fees for EMS personnel. Description: The purpose of this bill is to reduce the certification periods for EMS personnel from four years to two years to align certification periods with those of the National Registry of Emergency Medical Technicians and to reduce the certification renewal fees to correspond with the shorter certification period and to require the Office of Emergency Medical Services to publish disciplinary actions taken against certified EMS personnel on its website.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Directing Prosecuting Attorneys Institute to make training available to certain new prosecuting attorneys. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require all prosecutors to undergo training prior to performing his or her duties; and require the West Virginia prosecuting attorneys Institute to conduct mandatory training for all prosecuting attorneys.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating certain water and wastewater facilities as emergency project. Description: The purpose of this bill is to designate certain water and wastewater facilities as an emergency project, and modifying the requirements to those designations.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring pricing and payment transparency from pharmacy benefits managers contracting with PEIA. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require any pharmacy benefit manager ("PBM") who contracts with PEIA to be entirely transparent in providing its full data around pricing and payments for drugs and to pharmacies.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to county economic opportunity development districts. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend when the Fort Henry Economic Opportunity Development District may be abolished or terminated and increase the land area within The Ridges Economic Opportunity Development District subject to the special district excise tax.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating definitions of certain terms used in Personal Income Tax Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the meaning of federal adjusted gross income and certain other terms used in the West Virginia Personal Income Tax Act; and specify effective dates.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring State Board of Education develop Safety While Accessing Technology education program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the State Board of Education to develop a Safety While Accessing Technology education program to be taught to students from the 3rd to 12th grades.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring course in public schools on human development. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend required courses of education to include human growth and development related to pregnancy and human development inside the womb; required methods of presenting this instruction and adding a human growth and development curriculum to be known as the "Baby Olivia Act"; and to authorize the Attorney General to sue for any violation of the "Baby Olivia Act".
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Uniform Special Deposits Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to enact the Uniform Special Deposits Act, which was recommended for passage by the state Uniform Law Commission; special deposits are deposits held by banks, which unlike regular deposits are held until some contingent event triggers the deposit, such as a court approving a settlement, or of a closing of a real estate transaction; and is intended to provide an optional uniform process for banks to use to regulate this activity. This bill was recommended for introduction by the Commission on Interstate Cooperation.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating critical incident review team. Description: The purpose of this bill is to codify the Critical Incident Review Team, to set forth its responsibilities, provide access to information and to set forth confidentiality provisions.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to recovery residences. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend the requirements for recovery residences. The proposed bill sets forth a data collection process and requires rulemaking related to data collection. The proposed bill adds a process for suspension or revocation related to an immediate jeopardy. The bill states a recovery residence without a certificate of compliance may not accept a referral and provides for a penalty. The proposed bill enhances existing penalties. The proposed bill requires recovery residences to be registered with the Office of Health Facility Licensure and Certification and has a penalty for failure to register. The bill amends the patient brokering act to clarify that it applies to recovery residences. The bill requires the Office of Inspector General to refer to federal, state, and local authorities for investigation, coordination, and prosecution of violations of the patient brokering act. The proposed bill allows the Office of the Inspector General to, in addition to a complaint, determine if a violation has occurred based upon a review of data.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to rule-making authority of Ethics Commission. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make changes regarding Ethics Commission's rulemaking requirements; modify the definition of lobbying; remove ability of commission to promulgate rule regarding registration of persons exempt from lobbying requirements; removing requirement that lobbyist's photographs meet specifications established by rule; removing requirement that commission establish fee for lobbyist training by rule; and establishing that sponsors of grassroots lobbying campaigns report certain information on expenditures over $5,000.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending Corporation Net Income Tax Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend and update ¬ß11-24-3 of the Code of West Virginia, 1931, as amended to bring terms not defined in that act into conformity with the meaning of those terms for federal income tax purposes; and specifying effective dates.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring periodic review of professional development for teachers and education staff. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for period reviews of required professional development for teachers and education staff
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to use of criminal records as disqualification from authorization to practice particular profession. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend ¬ß1-1-6 and ¬ß30-1-24 relating generally to the use of criminal records as disqualification, from authorization to practice a profession or occupation, by a board, authority, or other agency authorized to issue licenses, certifications, registrations, or other authorizations to engage in a particular profession or occupation.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Uniform Unlawful Restriction in Land Records Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to enact the Uniform Unlawful Restriction in Land Records Act, considered by the state Uniform Law Commission, which provides a mechanism for amending an existing deed by filing a document in the deed books severs a unlawful restriction contained therein by filing a document with the County Clerk which declares that the discriminatory provision of the deed is void and does not pass through to the subsequent chain of title.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Protecting belief-based student organizations from certain types of discrimination. Description: The purpose of this bill is to protect belief-based student organizations by expanding student organizations that are protected against certain types of discrimination by a state institution of higher education and expanding the types of discrimination the student organizations are protected from.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to felony offense of sexual intercourse, intrusion, or contact with student. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify elements of a felony offense pertaining to when a school employee or volunteer engages in sexual intercourse, intrusion, or contact with students.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to repeal of WV EDGE. Description: The purpose of this bill is to repeal West Virginia EDGE which became unnecessary last year with the passage of the dual enrollment pilot program in HB2005.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Determining venue for custodial allocation actions independent of divorce. Description: The purpose of this bill is to determine venue for custodial allocation actions independent of divorce.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to compensation for firefighters required to work holidays. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish time off or rate of pay for firefighters who are required to work during holidays.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Including Salem University in PROMISE Scholarship program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to include Salem University in the PROMISE Scholarship program.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing requirement for counties to draft and adopt zoning ordinances. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove the requirement for a county to draft and adopt comprehensive zoning ordinances.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing EMS agencies to triage, treat or transport patients to alternate destinations. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish that an emergency medical services agency may triage and transport a patient to an alternative destination in this state or treat in place if the ambulance service is coordinating the care of the patient through medical command or telehealth services and to require insurance plans to provide coverage for those services.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating cold case database. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Cold Case database, explaining the types of cases to be included in the Cold Case database, explaining the state agency developing the Cold Case database, delineating the information that must be provided for inclusion in the Cold Case database for each investigation and delineating the information that may be provided for inclusion in the Cold Case database for each investigation if applicable to either the victim of the crime or the suspect of the crime.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating WV coordinate systems. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the West Virginia coordinate systems.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending procedure for filling vacancies in certain county offices having more than three commissioners. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend the procedure for filling a vacancy on in offices of county commissioners having more than three commissioners.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to research and economic development agreements for state institutions of higher education. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the authority of state institutions of higher education to enter into agreements and contractual relationships with one or more corporations formed by the state institution of higher education for purposes of fostering research and economic development efforts.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Raising threshold for bid requirement of municipal public works projects. Description: The purpose of this bill is to raise the threshold from $25,000 to $50,000 for the requirement of bids for municipal public works projects.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing legislative rules for Higher Education Policy Commission. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize legislative rules for the Higher Education Policy Commission regarding Guidelines for Employing and Evaluating Presidents, Higher Education Adult Part-Time Student (HEAPS) Grant Program, West Virginia Providing Real Opportunities for Maximizing In-State Student Excellence (PROMISE) Scholarship Program, Dual Enrollment Pilot Program, Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math Scholarship Program, Higher Education Grant Program, and Nursing Scholarship Program; to authorize legislative rules for the Council for Community and Technical College Education regarding Higher Education Accountability System, Dual Enrollment Pilot Program, Initial Authorization of Degree-Granting Institutions, and Tuition and Fees; and repealing the Council for Community and Technical College Education's rule regarding Accountability System.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying appellate jurisdiction of Intermediate Court of Appeals. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend the appellate jurisdiction of the Intermediate Court of Appeals.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying requirements related to levy of service fees. Description: The purpose of this bill generally relates to business improvement districts. The bill also modifies requirements related to levy of service fees.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Expanding employment and training requirements necessary for SNAP benefits. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand the employment and training requirements necessary to receive SNAP benefits. The bill defines and expands exemptions. The bill clarifies the Secretary's duties when there is a lack of funding or inability to provide employment and training. Finally, the bill identifies when assignments to the employment and training program may not be suspended.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating multi-tiered system for school absenteeism. Description: The purpose of this bill is to change the focus from truancy and unexcused absences to a multi-tiered system of support and all absences, both excused and unexcused; limit the number of parental excuses that can be accepted each school year as documentation that an absence is excused; require county attendance director and assistant to ensure the implementation of MTSS interventions; recognize that the existing definition of "neglected child" includes failure to supply necessary education; refer to existing school personnel reporting requirement applicable in certain cases pertaining to child neglect; and make referral for the development of a diversion program in truancy offense matters discretionary.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 25, 2024, as Veterans Appreciation Day. Description: Designating January 25, 2024, as Veterans Appreciation Day
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating WV Corridor H Advanced Energy and Economic Corridor Authority. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the West Virginia Advanced Energy and Economic Corridor Authority Commission comprised of the economic development agencies of Lewis, Upshur, Barbour, Randolph, Tucker, Grant, and Hardy, counties.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation to DOT, Division of Highways. Description: The purpose of supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase existing items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Assisted Reproduction Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to set forth provisions for genetic and gestational surrogacy. The bill requires an agreement, sets forth requirements to enter the agreement, required terms, the process of the agreement, and the content of the agreement. The bill sets forth parentage under the bill and addresses subsequent marital status. The bill addresses how documents are handled and maintained and the jurisdiction of the court over the agreement. The bill addresses termination of the agreement. The bill addresses parentage under the agreement both for gestational surrogacy and genetic surrogacy and the various actions that can impact parentage, including but not limited to death of an intended parent and divorce of the surrogate. The bill provides for breach of an agreement.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Limiting landowner liability when land is used for certain purposes. Description: The purpose of this bill is to encourage landowners to make land available for recreational purposes by limiting landowner liability.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying offense of burglary. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that the offense of burglary involves a dwelling or outbuilding belonging to another.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to employer liability and damages in civil actions involving commercial motor vehicles. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide a streamlined process for evaluating an employer's liability for personal injury and wrongful death claims involving operators of commercial motor vehicles and to limit noneconomic damages in such actions to $1 million per plaintiff with certain exceptions.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Enabling State Fire Commission to propose legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to enable the State Fire Commission to propose legislative rules and promulgate interpretive and procedural rules for legislative approval.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Political Subdivision Labor Regulatory Limitation Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Local Government Labor Regulatory Limitation Act. The bill prohibits political subdivisions from enacting any ordinance, regulation, local policy, local resolution or other legal requirements regulating certain areas of the employer-employee relationship. The bill sets forth prohibited areas of regulation. The bill identifies exceptions. The bill sets forth a purpose, defines terms, and provides for private causes of action.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Amending embalmer licensing requirements. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend the embalmer licensing requirements to permit a certain number of years of active military duty to substitute for college credit hours to qualify for licensure.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Revising criteria for receiving reenlistment or retention bonus. Description: Revising criteria for receiving reenlistment or retention bonus
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating WV Women's Bill of Rights. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the West Virginia Women's Bill of Rights.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Cardiac Emergency Response Plan Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require county boards of education to develop cardiac emergency response plans.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Solid Waste Management Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend the definition of "commercial solid waste facility" to exclude any solid waste facility that accepts solid waste collected by the owner or operator (or its affiliate(s)) of the solid waste facility for consolidation and subsequent transport to a disposal or recycling facility.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring electronic funds transfer of retirement contributions by participating employers. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require participating public employers in any retirement plan administered by the CPRB to remit retirement contributions and fees by electronic funds transfer beginning July 1, 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Natural Resources Police Officers Retirement System. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove the cap on the NRPORS employer contribution and clarifies surviving spouse benefits when a member dies from a duty or non-duty related cause.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying Municipal Police Officers and Firefighters Retirement System surviving spouse benefits. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify MPFRS surviving spouse benefits when member dies from duty or non-duty related causes.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying authority of Water Development Authority in certain circumstances. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that the West Virginia Water Development Authority may appoint employees, officers, managers, attorneys, independent contractors, and consultants as are necessary, to fix their compensation, and prescribe their duties in certain circumstances outside the classified civil service system.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: WV Residential Mortgage Lender, Broker and Servicer Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the law related to mortgage lender and broker regulation to align control of a licensee and key individuals with other regulatory programs, allow West Virginia to participate in and accept multistate examinations as well as application information and decisions to reduce regulatory burden on licensees, and bring West Virginia into conformity with a majority of jurisdictions by permitting remote work for mortgage loan originators.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to elementary behavior intervention and safety. Description: The purpose of this bill is to address elementary behavior intervention and safety; specify requirements applicable to when a grade kindergarten through six teacher in an elementary setting determines that the behavior of a student is violent, threatening, or intimidating toward staff or peers or creates an unsafe learning environment or impedes on other students' ability to learn in a safe environment; and provide that nothing herein may be construed to be in conflict with the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Limiting statutory and common law actions for certain electric generating facilities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to limit statutory and common law causes of action against exempt wholesale generators to violations of the material terms and conditions of the siting certificates applicable to such facilities.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying definition of "family or household members" as it relates to domestic violence laws. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add brothers-in-law and sisters-in-law to the definition of family and household members subject to the provisions of domestic violence laws.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing Division of Forestry to administer certain exchange program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to Authorize the Division of Forestry to administer the Carbon Exchange Program.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing WV Mothers and Babies Pregnancy Support Program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide pregnancy help centers greater flexibility to receive funding for items such as capital expenditures and training. Currently, the funding is limited to a fee per service arrangement.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Changing time period of voting inactivity for removal from voter registration. Description: The purpose of this bill relates to the time period of voting inactivity required to initiate a confirmation notice mailing.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring DMV to provide images of certain individuals to Secretary of State for voter identification purposes. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the Division of Motor Vehicles to provide images of persons issued any identification or license to the Secretary of State for voter identification purposes.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Stanley W. and Evelyn C. See Memorial Bridge. Description: Stanley W. and Evelyn C. See Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Cancelling voter registration records for individuals no longer WV residents. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize cancellation of voter registration records for individuals no longer West Virginia citizens and have obtained a driver's license in another state.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Declaring certain claims as moral obligations of the state. Description: The purpose of this bill is to declare certain claims against the state to be moral obligations of the state and to authorize payments therefor from the following funds:GENERAL REVENUE FUND: $1,647,620.42 SPECIAL REVENUE FUNDS: $32,520.70 STATE ROAD FUND: $389,443.48   TOTAL: $2,069,584.60
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring builders to follow State Building Code when local inspection and enforcement not provided. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require a builder to follow the provisions of the State Building code in the construction or renovation of a structure, even if a county or municipality does not provide inspection and enforcement services.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Defining protections for election officials and election workers. Description: The purpose of this bill is to define protections for election officials and election workers, including poll workers while performing the duties of the election process; and clarifies the conditions and circumstances of protections.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting municipalities from disconnecting water service for nonpayment of stormwater fees. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit municipalities from shutting off a user's water for nonpayment of a stormwater fee. The bill allows for municipalities to impose a lien to obtain payment but prohibits municipalities from shutting off services for nonpayment.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Dangerousness Assessment Advisory Board multi-disciplinary study group. Description: The purpose of this bill is to continue the study group on competency and criminal responsibility, add brain injuries to the subjects to be studied, amend the membership of the study group, establish a steering committee within the study group, setting a deadline for the report to be presented and to which offices and committees the report should be submitted, and permitting the steering committee to seek funding.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying rules regarding liquidation of property. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify when a commission, council, or a governing board may sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of any real property that was gifted or devised to it.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting public disclosure of personal information on internet. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit the public disclosure of an individual's personal information on the internet in certain circumstances; and provide penalty for violation.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Education, School Building Authority. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to increase an item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Commerce, Division of Forestry, and Geological and Economic Survey. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid accounts for the designated spending units for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying per diem compensation for certain judges recalled to service. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that senior status intermediate court judges and family judges are subject to the same per diem compensation limits as senior circuit court judges. This addresses a possible gap in code created after the creation of intermediate court of appeals and the inclusion of the family court judges in the judicial retirement system.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Higher Education Policy Commission, Fairmont State University. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to DHHR, Health Facilities. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to School Building Authority, School Construction Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to DHHR, Division of Human Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds from Excess Lottery Revenue Fund to General Revenue. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to expire funds from the aforesaid account to the unappropriated surplus balance of the State Fund, General Revenue for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Administration, Public Defender Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds from Lottery Net Profits to General Revenue Surplus. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to expire funds from the aforesaid account to the unappropriated surplus balance of the State Fund, General Revenue for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Division of Administrative Services, Criminal Justice Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add an item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to DHHR, Division of Health. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Physician Assistant Compact. Description: The purpose of this bill relates to the creation of the Physicians Licensure Compact. The bill provides for a purpose. The bill creates definitions. The bill provides for state participation in the compact. The bill creates the compact privilege. The bill provides for the designation of the state from which licensee is applying for a compact privilege. The bill defines adverse actions. The bill provides for the establishment of the PA Licensure Compact Commission. The bill defines the data system. The bill provides for rulemaking. The bill provides for oversight, dispute resolution, and enforcement. The bill provides for the date of implementation of the PA Licensure Compact Commission. The bill provides for construction and severability. Finally, the bill creates the binding effect of the compact.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing amount of certain controlled substances persons may purchase annually. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the amount of ephedrine, pseudoephedrine or phenylpropanolamine a person may purchase annually.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to county economic opportunity development districts. Description: The purpose of this bill is to grant Mason County and the Town of Henderson special district excise taxes, describe the boundaries of the Town of Henderson Economic Opportunity District, and authorize setting the base tax of said excise taxes.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing accreditation deadline for convention and visitors bureaus. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require convention and visitor's bureaus to receive accreditation from an accrediting body on or before June 30, 2026, in order to be eligible for distribution of net proceeds of hotel-motel tax.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Regulating certain plant-based derivatives, hemp-derived cannabinoid products, and Kratom. Description: The purpose of this bill is to regulate select plant-based derivatives, including hemp-derived cannabinoid products and regulation of kratom. The bill amends the short title; clarifies findings; defines terms; requires permits to manufacture, process, distribute, offer to sell, and sell regulated products; specifies regulatory authority in the Commissioner of Agriculture and the Alcohol Beverage Control Administration Commissioner; specifies funding requirements for nonintoxicating beer tax revenues; makes technical corrections; specifies application of the Administrative Procedures Act for certain contested cases; specifies application fees for certain permits; specifies requirements for business registration certificate, nexus, jurisdiction, and taxation relating to remote interstate sales and distribution; specifies maintenance of lists by the Commissioner of Agriculture of permittees, approved products and entities and person that cease to be permitted; specifies labeling requirements; requires age verification for certain sales; authorizes use of funds by the Commissioner of Agriculture and Alcohol Beverage Control Administration Commissioner; specifies application of Tax Commissioner's fee; authorizes memoranda of understanding and information sharing between Tax Commissioner, Commissioner of Agriculture and Alcohol Beverage Control Administration Commissioner; specifies administrative sanctions; authorizes the Alcohol Beverage Control Administration Commissioner to enforce regulation of the product at the retail level; authorizes enforcement actions involving agents of the Alcohol Beverage Control Administration Commissioner and persons acting upon request direction or control of law-enforcement agencies; clarifies Alcohol Beverage Control Administration Commissioner's authority over alcohol licensees selling kratom and hemp-derived cannabinoid products; specifies transfer of excess Alcohol Beverage Control Enforcement Fund monies; and specifies criminal penalties related to crimes relating to regulated products.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Revising service obligation for certain doctoral medical degree programs. Description: The purpose of this bill is to revision the mandatory service obligation for the National Guard doctor of medicine or doctor of osteopathic medicine degree program.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting actions for damages or attorneyís fees in cases involving Board of Risk and Insurance Management. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit actions for damages or attorney's fees under Shamblin v. Nationwide Mut. Ins. Co., 183 W. Va. 585 (1990) against the Board of Risk and Insurance Management or any person employed by the board or any entity with which the board has contracted to administer the board's programs; and to make the amendments retrospective to all pending claims and actions.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying Legislative Auditor's scope of authority. Description: The purpose of this bill relates to the Legislative Auditor; establishing that auditor is responsible to Joint Committee on Government and Finance; clarifying that auditor may exercise powers at direction of Senate President or Speaker of House of Delegates; restating authority of auditor to inspect properties, equipment, and records; providing for distribution of copies of reports of examination and audit; prohibiting auditor from using external auditing entities to conduct audits except as directed by Senate President or Speaker; modifying obligations of auditor regarding budgetary matters; providing that committee has authority to hire employees to assist auditor in performance of obligations; clarifying hiring authority of committee; providing that auditor's reviews of departments and agencies are to be conducted at direction of Senate President or Speaker and that department presentations are to be made at Senate President's or Speaker's direction; eliminating requirement that agency and regulatory board reviews be conducted according to certain auditing standards; revising schedule of regulatory board reviews; and providing that regulatory board reviews may be conducted more frequently than statutorily scheduled.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing January 21-January 27 as National School Choice Week. Description: Recognizing January 21- January 27 as National School Choice Week
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing director of Division of Forestry to contract and manage forest land. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the director of the Division of Forestry to enter into contracts for management of state forests and wooded areas for the purposes of preventing forest fires. This is a new section; therefore, underscoring and
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing WV Agritourism Commission. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a commission on West Virginia Agritourism to review and investigate means of preserving our farmland and growing our agricultural tourism and agricultural economic development and recommend to the Legislature that appropriate legislation be enacted, establishing regulatory and legislative relief to foster the development and growth of Agritourism and successful farms.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Energy Assistance, TANF, and Child Care and Development. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase existing items of appropriation in the aforesaid accounts for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Homeland Security, Division of Emergency Management. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to DHHR, Consolidated Medical Service Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to DHHR, Division of Human Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase existing items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to DHHR, Child Support Enforcement Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Miscellaneous Boards and Commissions, Hospital Finance Authority. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Education, School Construction Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to DHHR, Laboratory Services Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Homeland Security, WV State Police. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to PSC, Motor Carrier Division. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase existing items of appropriation in the aforesaid accounts for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to PSC. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, decrease, and increase existing items of appropriation in the aforesaid accounts for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Commerce, Division of Natural Resources. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase existing items of appropriation in the aforesaid accounts for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Agriculture, WV Spay Neuter Assistance Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Arts, Culture and History, National Coal Heritage Area Authority. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to State Board of Education, Aid for Exceptional Children. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying that qualified law enforcement from any federal agency may enforce state laws under limited circumstances. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add to the list of federal agencies and agents who under limited circumstances may enforce state laws.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reducing minimum age for State Police cadet. Description: The purpose of this bill is to revise the statute to reduce the minimum age for a cadet for the West Virginia State Police from the age of 21 to the age of 18.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to child support. Description: The purpose of this bill generally relates to child support. The bill reconfigures the West Virginia Child Support Enforcement Commission. The bill authorizes a temporary stay of child support obligation under certain circumstances. The bill clarifies that circuit judge's authority to limit child support obligation under certain limited circumstances. Finally, the bill establishes a protocol to assist circuit courts in determining the appropriate child support obligation in child abuse and neglect matters.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting sale of tobacco products to individuals younger than 21 years of age. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit the sale of tobacco product to individuals younger than 21 years of age. The bill contains penalties.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying conditions for pretrial release and maximum bail amount for certain defendants. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the conditions for pretrial release and the maximum bail amount that may be set for individuals charged with multiple misdemeanor offenses. The bill revises the definition of "bail" and establishes that a defendant has the right to select among several methods of securing bail, subject to a judicial officer's authority to impose terms and conditions of bail reasonably necessary to secure defendant's appearance and protect the public. The bill authorizes a judicial officer to release a defendant on his or her own recognizance, but clarifies that a magistrate may not release a defendant charged with a felony offense on his or her own recognizance. It also establishes that a magistrate may not set "cash only" or "property only" bail.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Moving functions of Information Services and Communications Division into Office of Technology. Description: The purpose of this bill is to move the essential functions of the Information Services and Communications Division into the Office of Technology.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Revising process for county boards of education to hire support staff. Description: The purpose of this bill is to revise the process for county boards of education to hire aides, early childhood classroom assistant teachers, and secretaries.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to juvenile competency proceedings. Description: Relating to juvenile competency proceedings
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying compensation for county tax collector. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the sheriff's commission compensation for the job duty of tax collector for the county and fix the amount at $15,000.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring cooperation between law-enforcement agencies and military authorities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require cooperation between law-enforcement agencies and military authorities; providing that prosecuting attorneys may assign an assistant prosecutor to provide assistance to the National Guard or other military authority within the state; providing that law-enforcement shall share certain information with military authorities regarding military members; and establishing purpose of the amendments.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing State Fire Marshal to promulgate emergency rules relating to increased fees. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the State Fire Marshal to promulgate emergency rules relating to increased fees.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting digital manipulation of sexually explicit content to include minors. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a new criminal offense of manipulating a photograph, image, video clip, movie, or similar recording containing sexually explicit conduct by the insertion thereof of a visual image of an actual minor so as to create the appearance that it is a minor engaged in the sexually explicit conduct.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting creation, production, distribution or possession of artificially generated child pornography. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the criminal offenses of creating, producing, distributing, receiving, or possessing with intent to distribute visual depictions artificial intelligence created child pornography when no actual minor is depicted.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Updating retirement eligibility for certain sheriffs. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize sheriffs who are members of the public retirement system to retire upon attaining the age of sixty-two with eight or more years of service.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying composition of Regional Jail and Correctional Facility Authority Board. Description: The purpose of this bill is to is to increase the composition of the West Virginia Regional Jail and Correctional Facility Authority Board to 11 members, add additional county commissioners, and increase meetings to four times a year.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating online charitable raffles. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create online charitable raffles.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Agriculture to complete certain land transfers. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Department of Agriculture to complete certain land transfers.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing car dealerships to utilize search engines to determine if buyers have valid motor vehicle insurance. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit new and used motor vehicle dealerships in this state to utilize a search engine to determine if buyers of vehicles have valid motor vehicle insurance.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing safeguards for online sales of tobacco products. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide safeguards when retail sellers engage in online delivery sales of tobacco products, tobacco-derived products, or vapor products via online certification and to further permit retail sellers to engage third party remote delivery services to carry out delivery sales to consumers.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying length of service for certain employees to obtain credit for retirement. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the length of service an employee of the Legislature whose term of employment is otherwise classified as temporary and who is employed to perform services required by the Legislature for its regular sessions must serve to obtain service credit towards retirement.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Exempting certain records from public release. Description: The purpose of this bill is to protect sensitive military information.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relieving railroad companies of liability during parades. Description: The purpose of this bill is to relieve a railroad company of any liability from injury to any person using a crossing during a parade by a school or any municipality, county, or other public entity; the railroad company is notified of the time of the parade, and a train is stopped during the time of the parade.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing exception for sharing of confidential child welfare records. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide exception to the confidentiality of child welfare records to allow the sharing confidential information with law enforcement agencies and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting certain medical exams on anesthetized patients. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit certain medical practices; prohibit medical providers from performing pelvic, prostate, rectal, and breast exams on an anesthetized or unconscious patient except in specific circumstances; and establish an effective date.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Expanding powers of National Park Service law-enforcement officers. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand the powers of law enforcement officers of the National Park Service, which shall include traffic or parking related offenses.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Mountain Bike Responsibility Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to outline the duties and responsibilities of trail system operators, bicyclists, and passengers on aerial passenger tramways related to commercial bicycling activities in the State of West Virginia.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending certain qualifying offenses to enhance sentences of repeat offenders. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend and add certain qualifying offenses for the purpose of enhancing the sentence of a repeat offender.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Imposing deadlines for autopsies and autopsy reports. Description: The purpose of this bill is to impose deadlines for the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner to perform an autopsy and to provide a copy of the autopsy report.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Defining deadlines for local permits and extensions for property development or improvement. Description: The purpose of this bill is to define local permitting deadlines and extensions for applications for a permit, license, variance, or any other type of prior approval from a governing body or planning commission of a municipality or county for an action related to the development or improvement of property.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing Foster Care Ombudsman access to child protective records. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add the Foster care ombudsman as a person to have access to records concerning a child or juvenile.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to massage therapy establishments. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the date for implementing massage establishment licensure, and to provide authority for the board to issue an emergency order halting establishment operation until the establishment is in compliance with ¬ß30-37-1 et seq. of this code.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Changing reference to Curator of Department of Arts, Culture, and History to Cabinet Secretary. Description: Changing reference to Curator of Department of Arts, Culture, and History to Cabinet Secretary
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying membership requirements of Medical Services Fund Advisory Council. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the Medical Services Fund Advisory Council membership requirements, augment its purpose, require that it employ an actuary, require certain actions from the Commissioner for the Bureau for Medical Services, and address the six-year plan to mitigate long-term financial liabilities.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing membership of WV Motorsport Committee. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expanding the membership of the West Virginia Motorsport Committee from five to 18 members, including the chairperson; and to designate the motorsport to be represented by the increased membership.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating consumer credit and protection laws on certain agricultural vehicles and equipment. Description: The purpose of this bill is to include in the definition of "motor vehicle" a self-propelled vehicle designed primarily for, and used in, the occupation or business of farming, with a horsepower unit of 20 or greater; and the right to bring and action for breach of warranty involving a self-propelled vehicle designed primarily for, and used in farming.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating definitions for assessment of real property. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide that real property occupied by an immediate family member or former spouse of the owner exclusively for residential purposes be included in class two for assessment and taxation purposes; and further defines "immediate family member".
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying Medicaid reimbursements for services at residential substance abuse treatment facilities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to ensure increase the amount of permitted residential substance use disorder treatment beds in certain West Virginia Counties, and prohibit expansion of beds, and payment for Medicaid services rendered at certain facilities which do not meet minimum standards.Strikethroughs indicate language that would be stricken from a heading or the present law, and underscoring indicates new language that would be added.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing certain required reports to Legislative Oversight Commission on Education Accountability. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove several required submissions to the Legislative Oversight Commission on Education Accountability (LOCEA); and remove a requirement for LOCEA to review the progress and implementation of the comprehensive systems of support for teacher and leader induction and professional growth.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing students to participate in non-school competitive activities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow student-athletes to participate in competitive events and activities while playing for their school.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring annual analysis of contracts from DHS and Bureau for Social Services. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the Department of Human Services and the Bureau for Social Services to make a rate study, analysis of workforce capacity, and the impact on children of the current reimbursement levels for child placement agencies and to report the performance of the child placing agency to the Legislative Oversight Commission on Health and Human Resources Accountability and to the Joint Committee on Government and Finance by December 31, annually.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Truth in Giving Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to inform the public about who receives the proceeds from the sale of donated consumer goods.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying requirements for public water systems or businesses having backflow preventers. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit the Secretary of the Department of Health from promulgating rules that require public water systems or businesses to have backflow preventers.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring automatic enrollment of substance abuse disorder population into managed care. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the Department of Human Services to create a program to improve quality of care rendered to the substance use disorder population by applying automatic enrollment.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating exemption from bond or security requirement of banking institutions holding certain funds for county commissions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to harmonize the treatment of reciprocal deposit arrangements to satisfy security for public deposits from county commissions, municipal corporations, and boards of education. Current code sections relating to public deposits from municipal corporations and school boards provide two separate authorizations for depository institutions to employ reciprocal deposit arrangements to satisfy each security requirement. This bill will allow depository institutions to serve county commissions uniformly to municipal corporations and school boards.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing for regional distribution and dismantling centers. Description: The purpose of this bill is to relate generally to salvage yards; provide a definition for regional distribution and dismantling center; and provide for specialized regional distribution and dismantling license.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing number of members for Motor Vehicle Dealers Advisory Board. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add a member to the Motor Vehicle Advisory Board and specifying that one of the members shall be a representative of automobile auctions of primarily salvage vehicles.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reorganizing offices of Public Defender Corporations to conform to circuit reconfiguration. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize Public Defender Corporations until July 1, 2025 to reorganize its offices to conform the circuit reconfiguration enacted during the 2023 Regular Session of the Legislature.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring lending institutions to utilize DMV electronic lien system under certain circumstances. Description: The purpose of this bill is to mandate lending institutions who conduct five or more transactions annually to utilize the Division of Motor Vehicles electronic lien system to perfect or release security interest in a vehicle.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Setting amount of unemployment taxes and benefits. Description: The purpose of this bill is to set the amount of employment taxes and benefits; modify the calculation of the taxable wage base; and to modify the methodology for calculating the maximum benefit rate.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying training requirements for county boards of education members. Description: The purpose of this bill is enhance training requirements for county boards of education members by increasing the number of hours required for training, authorizing the State Board to require members to attend additional training when beneficial, modifying training topics, increasing the compensation rate for meeting attendance and decreasing the number of meetings members may be compensated to attend, prohibiting compensation to county board members who have not complied with all training requirements and including the chairs of the House and Senate Education Committees as ex officio members of the county board member standards training review committee.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Redesignating Educational Broadcasting Authority as Educational Broadcasting Commission. Description: The purpose of this bill is to change the name of the "Educational Broadcasting Authority" to the "Educational Broadcasting Commission" and to make technical corrections.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating special revenue account within Department of Health. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a special revenue account within the State Treasury designated the "Office of the Inspector General Reimbursement Fund" within Department of Health, to reimburse the Department of Health for eligible costs attributed to the Office of the Inspector General.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating Consumer Credit and Protection Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to define terms, remove commercial tort claims exclusion from definition of litigation financing, and exclude certain non-profit organizations from the definition of litigation financing.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing requirements for contingency fee agreements between political subdivisions and private attorneys. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish requirements for contingency fee arrangements between political subdivisions and private attorneys.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying filing requirements and deadlines in property tax cases. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that taxpayers must begin the process of requesting reconsideration of property valuation, classification or taxability with their county assessor's office. This request may be in writing, in person or over the phone. Further the taxpayer shall file a written petition in certain instances, before seeking an appeal at the Office of Tax Appeals.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Limiting requirements for issuance of professional teaching certificate. Description: The purpose of this bill is to limit persons required to pass appropriate West Virginia Board of Education approved basic skills and subject matter tests in the area for which licensure is being sought as a condition for the issuance of a professional teaching certificate.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing support and professional development for educators. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase support and professional development for educators; expand factors used to determine how funds for supporting county-level implementation of the comprehensive systems for teacher and leader induction and professional growth are allocated to the counties; authorize retention of additional funding for 2024 -- 2025 school year by Department of Education to distribute to the county boards for the purpose of contracting with organizations that facilitate the school districts' participation in regional professional learning cadres or teacher leadership networks designed to support math and science improvement or supported by the Department of Education; require certain amount of funds be retained beginning with 2025 -- 2026 school year to distribute to the county boards for the purpose of expanding the school districts' ability to contract with organizations that facilitate the school districts' participation in regional professional learning cadres or teacher leadership networks designed to support math and science improvement or to support teachers who are less than fully certified for the teaching position in which they are employed; require the funds to be distributed to the county boards under a grant program to be established by the state board by rule; require the state board to ensure that the results on the comprehensive statewide student assessment for the students taught by each teacher are provided to that teacher; add to topics the plan for implementation of a comprehensive system of support for improving professional practice is to address; and require certain additional amounts paid to a teacher be only for the duration of any service provided and not be considered salary for the computation of an annuity under the Teachers Retirement System.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying reporting requirements of Grant Transparency and Accountability Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is related to the Grant Transparency and Accountability Act; clarifying what grants are subject to reporting requirements; defining terms; and making technical clarifications.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Changing reference to Curator of Department of Arts, Culture, and History to secretary. Description: The purpose of this bill is to change the "Curator" of the Department of Arts, Culture, and History to the "Cabinet Secretary" of the Department of Arts, Culture, and History. The bill also adds the Educational Broadcasting Authority as a section under the department, as a separate, but not independent agency and adds the Educational Broadcasting Commission to the list of citizens commissions.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating State Treasurer as chairperson of WV Investment Management Board. Description: The purpose of this bill is to, effective July 1, 2025, designate the State Treasurer as the chairperson of the West Virginia Investment Management Board and to require said chairperson to appoint a chief executive officer subject to board approval.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementary appropriation to Department of Commerce, Geological and Economic Survey. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementary appropriation to Department of Veterans' Assistance, Veterans' Facilities. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to county fire service fees. Description: Relating to county fire service fees
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Schedule for tax installment payments. Description: Schedule for tax installment payments
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to WV Division of Multimodal Transportation. Description: Relating to WV Division of Multimodal Transportation
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to certain insurance coverage provided by BRIM. Description: Relating to certain insurance coverage provided by BRIM
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Health and Human Resources, Health Facilities. Description: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Health and Human Resources, Health Facilities
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Higher Education Policy Commission. Description: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Higher Education Policy Commission
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the appointment of employees for this, the Second Regular Session of the Eighty-sixth Legislature, 2024. Description: Authorizing the appointment of employees for this, the Second Regular Session of the Eighty-sixth Legislature, 2024
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing printing and distribution of Acts and Journals of the House. Description: Authorizing printing and distribution of Acts and Journals of the House
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating a Select Committee on Artificial Intelligence. Description: Creating a Select Committee on Artificial Intelligence
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: A resolution reaffirming support for the town of Thurmond, the historic buildings within the community, and the strong coal mining history associated with it. Description: A resolution reaffirming support for the town of Thurmond, the historic buildings within the community, and the strong coal mining history associated with it
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supporting the Preservation of the Charleston Processing and Distribution Center. Description: Supporting the Preservation of the Charleston Processing and Distribution Center
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reaffirming the longstanding sisterhood partnership between West Virginia and Taiwan. Description: Reaffirming the longstanding sisterhood partnership between West Virginia and Taiwan
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing the life of The Honorable Charles E. Romine. Description: Memorializing the life of The Honorable Charles E. Romine
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing appointment of employees for second regular session of 86th Legislature. Description: Authorizing appointment of employees for second regular session of 86th Legislature
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Donna J. Boley. Description: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Donna J. Boley
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Commemorating 150th anniversary of Keyser. Description: Commemorating 150th anniversary of Keyser
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January as Human Trafficking Awareness month. Description: Designating January as Human Trafficking Awareness month
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 15, 2024, as Child Advocacy Day at Legislature. Description: Designating January 15, 2024, as Child Advocacy Day at Legislature
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Honoring life of Edith Levy, Ed. D., Holocaust survivor. Description: Honoring life of Edith Levy, Holocaust survivor
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 22, 2024, as WV Tourism Day. Description: Designating January 22, 2024 as WV Tourism Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 23, 2024, as Hunger Free WV Day at Legislature. Description: Designating January 23, 2024, as Hunger Free WV Day at Legislature
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing January 23, 2024, as Mountaineer Therapy Dogs' Day at Legislature. Description: Recognizing January 23, 2024, as Mountaineer Therapy Dogs' Day at Legislature
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Commemorating 78th Southern Legislative Conference of Council of State Governments Southern Office. Description: Commemorating 78th Southern Legislative Conference of Council of State Governments Southern Office
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Myles Lumber Company as WV Outstanding Tree Farmer for 2023. Description: Recognizing Myles Lumber Company as WV Outstanding Tree Farmer for 2023
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 29, 2024, as Future Farmers of America Day. Description: Designating January 29, 2024, as Future Farmers of America Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 29, 2024, as Fairmont State University Day. Description: Designating January 29, 2024, as Fairmont State University Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supporting preservation of Charleston USPS Processing and Distribution Center. Description: Supporting preservation of Charleston USPS Processing and Distribution Center
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Riley Gaines as ambassador for Independent Women's Forum and advocate for women's equality in sports. Description: Recognizing Riley Gaines as ambassador for Independent Women's Forum and advocate for women's equality in sports
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 30, 2024, as West Virginia University Day. Description: Designating January 30, 2024, as West Virginia University Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 31, 2024, as Marshall University Day. Description: Designating January 31, 2024, as Marshall University Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing essential role of CASA for abused and neglected children. Description: Recognizing essential role of CASA for abused and neglected children
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 1, 2024, as National Unclaimed Property Day. Description: Designating February 1, 2024, as National Unclaimed Property Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 1, 2024, as Sexual Violence Awareness Day. Description: Designating February 1, 2024, as Sexual Violence Awareness Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 2, 2024, as American Heart Association Day. Description: Designating February 2, 2024, as American Heart Association Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 2, 2024, as WV Home School Day. Description: Recognizing February 2, 2024, as WV Home School Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 5, 2024, as Recovery Advocacy Day. Description: Designating February 5, 2024, as Recovery Advocacy Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 6, 2024, as Preston County Day. Description: Designating February 6, 2024, as Preston County Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Leadership Jefferson for its service, dedication, and commitment to Jefferson County. Description: Recognizing Leadership Jefferson for its service, dedication, and commitment to Jefferson County
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 6, 2024, as Local Food and Farm Day. Description: Designating February 6, 2024, as Local Food and Farm Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 8, 2024, as Tucker County Day. Description: Designating February 8, 2024, as Tucker County Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 8, 2024, as WV Hospital Day. Description: Designating February 8, 2024, as WV Hospital Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 8, 2024, as WV American Academy of Pediatrics Child Health Advocacy Day. Description: Designating February 8, 2024, as WV American Academy of Pediatrics Child Health Advocacy Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 9, 2024, as Eating Disorder Advocacy Day. Description: Designating February 9, 2024, as Eating Disorder Advocacy Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 12, 2024, as Corrections Day. Description: Designating February 12, 2024, as Corrections Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing William Schwertfeger, decorated combat veteran of US Army, on his 100th birthday. Description: Recognizing William Schwertfeger, decorated combat veteran of US Army, on his 100th birthday
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing 152nd anniversary of Glenville State University. Description: Recognizing 152nd anniversary of Glenville State University
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 14, 2024, as Child Care Day. Description: Recognizing February 14, 2024, as Child Care Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 14, 2024, as National Organ Donor Day. Description: Designating February 14, 2024, as National Organ Donor Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing value and supporting Small Town and Main Street development. Description: Recognizing value and supporting Small Town and Main Street development
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 15, 2024, as WV State University Day. Description: Designating February 15, 2024, as WV State University Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 15, 2024, as Angelman Syndrome Awareness Day. Description: Designating February 15, 2024, as Angelman Syndrome Awareness Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 16, 2024, as Adventure Travel Day. Description: Designating February 16, 2024, as Adventure Travel Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supporting Texas Governor Greg Abbott and Texas' constitutional right to self-defense. Description: Supporting Texas Governor Greg Abbott and Texas' constitutional right to self-defense
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of Honorable John Patton Fanning. Description: Memorializing life of Honorable John Patton Fanning
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 19, 2024, as Pancreatic Cancer Day. Description: Designating February 19, 2024, as Pancreatic Cancer Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing 112th anniversary of Girl Scouts of USA. Description: Recognizing 112th anniversary of Girl Scouts of USA
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Affirming support for preservation of certain historic buildings across state. Description: Affirming support for preservation of certain historic buildings across state
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing week of May 5-11, 2024, as Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week. Description: Recognizing week of May 5-11, 2024, as Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing AARP of WV for many contributions provided to enhance our state and its people. Description: Recognizing AARP of WV for many contributions provided to enhance our state and its people
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing World Scouting Museum. Description: Recognizing World Scouting Museum
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 21, 2024, as WV History Day. Description: Designating February 21, 2024, as WV History Day
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to elections. Description: Relating generally to elections
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 27, 2024, as Domestic Violence Awareness Day. Description: Designating February 27, 2024, as Domestic Violence Awareness Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Leadership Berkeley for its service, dedication and commitment to Berkeley County. Description: Recognizing Leadership Berkeley for its service, dedication and commitment to Berkeley County
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of Honorable William Wayne Bailey, Jr.. Description: Memorializing life of Honorable William Wayne Bailey, Jr.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of Honorable Warren Randolph McGraw Sr.. Description: Memorializing life of Honorable Warren Randolph McGraw Sr.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing accomplishments of Hurricane High School Red Hot Show Choir. Description: Recognizing accomplishments of Hurricane High School Red Hot Show Choir
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 29, 2024, as WV Arts Day. Description: Designating February 29, 2024, as WV Arts Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reaffirming longstanding sisterhood partnership between WV and Taiwan. Description: Reaffirming longstanding sisterhood partnership between WV and Taiwan
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 1, 2024, as Purebred Dog Day. Description: Recognizing May 1, 2024, as Purebred Dog Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Encouraging WV military veterans to volunteer as election workers in 2024 statewide elections. Description: Encouraging WV military veterans to volunteer as election workers in 2024 statewide elections
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of Betty Burkett. Description: Memorializing life of Betty Burkett
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of Sylvia Shafer. Description: Memorializing life of Sylvia Shafer
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing March as American Red Cross month. Description: Recognizing March as American Red Cross month
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating March 5, 2024, as Women's and Girls' Day. Description: Designating March 5, 2024, as Women's and Girls' Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating March 6, 2024, as Suicide Prevention Awareness Day. Description: Designating March 6, 2024, as Suicide Prevention Awareness Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating March 7, 2024, as Recovery Community Day. Description: Designating March 7, 2024, as Recovery Community Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing month of March as National Social Work Awareness Month. Description: Recognizing month of March as National Social Work Awareness Month
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of Heather Nicole Miller. Description: Memorializing life of Heather Nicole Miller
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating Kerri-Anne Cook on becoming first female golfer to win WVSSAC AA golf tournament. Description: Congratulating Kerri-Anne Cook on becoming first female golfer to win WVSSAC AA golf tournament
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Raising a Joint Assembly to hear remarks of the Governor. Description: Raising a Joint Assembly to hear remarks of the Governor
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Army SPC Steven W. Herron Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Army SPC Steven W. Herron Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: George M. Hall Memorial Bridge. Description: George M. Hall Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Staff Sgt. James Ira ìJuniorî Spurrier Memorial Bridge. Description: Staff Sgt. J.J. ìJuniorî Spurrier Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Navy Radarman 3rd Class Craig W. Haines Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Navy Radarman 3rd Class Craig W. Haines Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Judy Brothers Memorial Bridge. Description: Judy Brothers Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Private Jefferson Howell Memorial Road. Description: Private Jefferson Howell Memorial Road
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: VFD Gregory Linn Haught Memorial Bridge.. Description: VFD Gregory Linn Haught Memorial Bridge.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: ìU. S. Marine Private First Class Calvin Lee Loudin Memorial Bridgeî.. Description: ìU. S. Marine Private First Class Calvin Lee Loudin Memorial Bridgeî.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Commemorating the life of Marilyn Kay Parsons. Description: Commemorating the life of Marilyn Kay Parsons
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Assistant Chief David Timothy ìTimî Wilson Memorial Road. Description: Assistant Chief David Timothy ìTimî Wilson Memorial Road
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: USMC Private Timith Daley Nunn Memorial Bridge. Description: USMC Private Timith Daley Nunn Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Thomas Leo Starsick Memorial Bridge. Description: Thomas Leo Starsick Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Ab and Laura Baisden Bridge. Description: Ab and Laura Baisden Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Caldwell Brothers Memorial Bridge. Description: Caldwell Brothers Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: CPL Thomas Lowell Wines Memorial Bridge. Description: CPL Thomas Lowell Wines Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: SP4 Donnie Lee Hackney Memorial Bridge. Description: SP4 Donnie Lee Hackney Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Louie Patton Memorial Bridge. Description: Louie Patton Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: ìU.S. Army Corporal William Edgar Hancock Memorial Bridgeî.. Description: ìU.S. Army Corporal William Edgar Hancock Memorial Bridgeî.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Cody J. Mullens Memorial Bridge. Description: Cody J. Mullens Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To create a study resolution to examine the school aid formula.. Description: To create a study resolution to examine the school aid formula.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Navy Sonarman First Class William C. Harris Memorial Bridge. Description: William ìBillî Harris Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: PFC Jerry Lee Bassett Memorial Bridge. Description: PFC Jerry Lee Bassett Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Sergeant Jerry Lee Harris Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army Sergeant Jerry Lee Harris Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Karantonis Brothers Armed Forces Memorial Bridge. Description: Karantonisë Brotherís Armed Forces Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Army Sgt Thomas Lawson Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Army Sgt Thomas Lawson Memrial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Jack L. Hart Memorial Bridge. Description: Jack L. Hart Memorial Road
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Stanley W. and Evelyn C. See Memorial Bridge. Description: Stanley and Evelyn See Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Sloan Brothers Memorial Bridge. Description: Sloan Brothers Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army PFC Gale Hall Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army PFC Gale Hall Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Harlie Steven Gabbert Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Army Staff Sargent Harlie Steven Gabbert Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Gulf War Veteranís Memorial Bridge. Description: Gulf War Veteranís Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Chief Master Sgt. Dan Chandler Bridge. Description: Chief Master Sgt. Dan Chandler Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U. S. Army PFC Carl. J. Osburn Bridge. Description: U. S. Army PFC Carl. J. Osburn Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: US Army PFC William Gorman Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army PFC William Gorman Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army SP3 Delbert Sherdan ìBuckî Huffman Sr. Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army SP3 Delbert Sherdan ìBuckî Huffman Sr. Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: USMC MSG Edward P. & MP Carl A. McCray Memorial Bridge. Description: USMC MSG Edward P. & MP Carl A. McCray Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Thurman W. Whisner Memorial Bridge. Description: Thurman W. Whisner Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Army SSG William E. Miller Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Army SSG William E. Miller Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Frank Walker Mosley Memorial Bridge. Description: Frank Walker Mosley Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to interpretations of school laws. Description: Relating to interpretations of school laws
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Alexander Arbuckle ìAbeî McLaughlin Memorial Bridge. Description: Alexander Arbuckle ìAbeî McLaughlin Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Jacob ìJackî Taylor Rudolph, Sr. Memorial Bridge. Description: Jacob ìJackî Taylor Rudolph, Sr. Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army SGT John Claude Roby Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army SGT John Claude Roby Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Air Force Airman 1st Class ìWillis îArnold" Karickhoff Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Air Force Airman 1st Class ìWillis îArnold" Karickhoff Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Jack A. Hatfield Memorial Bridge. Description: Jack A. Hatfield Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Colonel Merlin C. Kerns Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army Colonel Merlin C. Kerns Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Navy Quartermaster Third Class Lawrence Earl Boggs Memorial Bridge. Description: Navy Quarter Master Third Class Lawrence Earl Boggs Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Resolution demanding Congress call a Convention of States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States to create fiscal responsibility by and within the federal government.. Description: Resolution demanding Congress call a Convention of States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States to create fiscal responsibility by and within the federal government.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Asa H. Kisamore, Jr. Memorial Bridge. Description: Asa H. Kisamore, Jr. Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Terra Dawn Lewis Memorial Road and Bridge. Description: Terra Dawn Lewis Memorial Road and Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Mollohan Brothers Memorial Bridge. Description: Mollohan Brothers Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Army First Sergeant Clarence Shirley Blake Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Army First Sergeant Clarence Shirley Blake Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army PFC Henry W. Baldwin Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army PFC Henry W. Baldwin Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Acknowledging and supporting the State of Texas. Description: Acknowledging and supporting the State of Texas
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Army SP4 Lonnie ìBillî Walker Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Army SP4 Lonnie ìBillî Walker Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Kenneth R. Lucas Memorial Bridge. Description: Kenneth R. Lucas Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Air Force, Major (Ret.) Willis ìScottieî Adams Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army Air Force, Major (Ret.) Willis ìScottieî Adams Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Division of Highways to place at least 10 additional signs along highways entering West Virginia honoring fallen veterans and Gold Star Families.. Description: Requesting the Division of Highways to place at least 10 additional signs along highways entering West Virginia honoring fallen veterans and Gold Star Families.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Defending Life by Rejecting Euthanasia. Description: Defending Life by Rejecting Euthanasia
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army PFC Leon Charles Trader Memorial Bridge. Description: Leon Charles Trader Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army PFC John Henry Trail Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army PFC John Henry Trail Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army 2LT Eston Kuhn Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army 2LT Eston Kuhn Memorial Road
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army 1LT Herschel Jarrell Memorial Road. Description: US Army 1LT Hershel Jarrell Memorial Road
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army SSG Orland Jackson "Tom" Meikles Memorial Road. Description: Orland Jackson "Tom" Meikles Memorial Road
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army Corporal Clemon Knapp Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army Corporal Clemon Knapp Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Urging WV congressional delegation support legislation authorizing county governments to sell FEMA property. Description: Urging WV congressional delegation support legislation authorizing county governments to sell FEMA property
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Marine Corps PFC Noel Harper Fields Memorial Bridge. Description: US Marine Corps PFC Noel Harper Fields Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army Private Raymond Lee Perkins Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army PVT Raymond Lee Perkins Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army PFC William Gorman Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army PFC William Gorman Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Chief Edward "Eddie" Keesecker Memorial Bridge. Description: Chief Edward "Eddie" Keesecker Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging US Congress enact reforms to federal permitting policies to accelerate deployment of new energy infrastructure. Description: Urging US Congress enact reforms to federal permitting policies to accelerate deployment of new energy infrastructure
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reaffirming support of WV Legislature for State of Israel and Jewish people. Description: Reaffirming support of WV Legislature for State of Israel and Jewish people
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming fourth Saturday of November to be annually designated as Ukrainian Holodomor-Genocide Remembrance Day. Description: Proclaiming fourth Saturday of November to be annually designated as Ukrainian Holodomor-Genocide Remembrance Day
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army MSG James E. Jackson Jr. Memorial Road. Description: US Army MSG James E. Jackson Jr. Memorial Road
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: USMC Major Cornelius Burdette Memorial Road. Description: US Army and Marine Corps Major and Olympic Gold Medalist Cornelius Burdette Memorial Road
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Navy LT Lewis Joseph D'Antoni Memorial Road. Description: US Navy LT Lewis Joseph D'Antoni Memorial Road
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing First Responders Honor Board's nominees for Medal of Valor. Description: Recognizing First Responders Honor Board's nominees of Medal of Honor
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army SGT Wyatt K. Hinton Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army SGT Wyatt K. Hinton Memorial Bridge
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army Private Clarence William "Buck" Holliday Memorial Road. Description: US Army PFC Clarence William (Buck) Holliday Memorial Road
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Urging Biden administration and Congress reevaluate proposed restrictions on chemical industry. Description: Urging Biden administration and Congress reevaluate proposed restrictions on chemical industry
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Hershel "Woody" Williams as one of two WV statues in National Statuary Hall Collection. Description: Honoring Hershel "Woody" Williams as one of two WV statues in National Statuary Hall Collection
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending the Constitution to prohibit persons not United States citizens from voting in any election held within this state. Description: The purpose of this resolution is to amend section 1 of Article IV of the West Virginia Constitution, to prohibit non-citizens from voting.
In 2024, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Protection from medically-assisted suicide or euthanasia in West Virginia Amendment. Description: The purpose of this resolution is to add a new section to Article III of the West Virginia Constitution, to secure a protection from medically-assisted suicide or euthanasia.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Incorporation of Churches or Religious Denominations Amendment. Description: The purpose of this resolution is to authorize the incorporation of churches or religious denominations which choose to incorporate.
In 2024, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Homestead Exemption for Disabled Veterans Amendment. Description: Homestead Exemption for Disabled Veterans Amendment
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to child support guidelines. Description: The purpose of this bill is to correct errors, including the monthly basic child support obligation amounts and citations; and updating worksheets for new student loan deduction.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to making West Virginia an agreement state with the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Description: The purpose of this bill is further the process of West Virginia becoming an Agreement State with the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission; transferring authority and responsibility over sources of low-level radiation from other state agencies to the Department of Environmental Protection and thereby establish a more comprehensive regulatory system to control sources of low-level radiation for the protection of the public and the environment in a single state agency.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending the appropriations to the PEIA. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to decrease an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending the appropriations to the Department of Education, State Board of Education ñ State Aid to Schools. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending the appropriations to state aid to schools. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement and amend items of appropriation by increasing and decreasing appropriations in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending the appropriations to Higher Education Policy Marshall University. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing Summersville Lake State Park. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish Summersville Lake State Park.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying that certain payments paid prior to the effective date of the tax credits for property taxes paid on certain species of property are eligible for the tax credits. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that property tax payments that would otherwise be eligible for certain tax credits are still eligible even when the payment for the tax is received prior to January 1, 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending the appropriations to the Governorís Office ñ Civil Contingent Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Including Potomac State College of West Virginia in the definition of community and technical college education program for participation in the ìLearn and Earn Programî. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a pilot program to include Potomac State College of West Virginia as an eligible institution for participation in the "Learn and Earn Program."
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Combining Revenue Shortfall Reserve Fund and Revenue Shortfall Reserve Fund ñ Part B for surplus deposit eligibility. Description: The purpose of this bill is to combine the totals of the Revenue Shortfall Reserve Fund and Revenue Shortfall Reserve Fund -- Part B when determining surplus deposit eligibility. The bill limits the amount of surplus deposited into the Revenue Shortfall Reserve Fund. Finally, the bill provides for an effective date.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Department of Revenue, Office of Secretary. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account from the State Fund, General Revenue, for the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to multiple funds for Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplementary appropriation to Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation, Parolee Supervision Fees and Regional Jail and Correctional Facility Authority. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid accounts for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation, Correctional Units and Bureau of Juvenile Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating temporary identification cards for released inmates. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that the temporary identification cards issued upon release to an inmate are at no cost to the inmate and extend the validity of the temporary identification cards to 180 days.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring municipalities to reimburse responsible county regional jail per diem fees in certain cases. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require certain municipalities to reimburse the counties responsible for payment for up to five days of regional jail per diem fees when a municipality incarcerates an individual in regional jail and prosecutes an offense in magistrate court that could have been prosecuted in municipal court.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying conditions for pretrial release. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the conditions upon which a person charged with certain offenses shall be released on his or her own recognizance and to clarify release on bail. The bill also requires a county prosecutor to report twice monthly to the county commission and the court having jurisdiction over a criminal proceeding each person who has been incarcerated for more than 10 days and the reasons why the person is still in custody.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting use of state funds for certain procedures or benefits not medically necessary. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit the use of state funds for medical procedures determined not to be medically necessary for individuals in the custody of the commissioner.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Supreme Court to develop pretrial release programs in all circuits. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Supreme Court of Appeals to develop pretrial release programs in all circuits of the state and to develop an electronic court date reminder system as part of any such programs. The bill also requires the community supervision committee of the court to make a recommendation for development and deployment of an electronic court date reminder system.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Updating authority and duties of Commissioner of Corrections and Rehabilitation. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize agreements for reimbursement for certain training costs and to authorize the division to cooperate with the Supreme Court of Appeals on developing a comprehensive transportation plan.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Higher Education Policy Commission, Marshall University. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to BOE, State Department of Education. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to WV State Senate, WV House of Delegates, and to Joint Expenses. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Mercer County Commission to levy special district excise tax for Ridges Economic Opportunity Development District. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the creation of an Economic Opportunity Development District within Mercer County and to authorize Mercer County to levy a special district excise tax for the benefit of such District.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Funding certain first responders. Description: The purpose of this bill is to fund certain first responders; create a special revenue fund administered by the Secretary of Homeland Security for the benefit of counties with excess levies or dedicated fees related to emergency services; create a special revenue fund administered by the Secretary of Homeland Security for the benefit of emergency services in certain counties exhibiting population increase; grant rulemaking authority; require the State Fire Marshal to provide certain information to the State Treasurer before distribution of the Fire Protection Fund; and require that volunteer fire departments eligible to receive policy surcharge funds implement the State Auditor's West Virginia Checkbook fiscal reporting system.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Department of Homeland Security, Division of Emergency Management. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplementary appropriation to Department of Homeland Security, Division of Emergency Management, Growth County Fire Protection Fund and County Fire Protection Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying that payments paid prior to effective date on certain tax credits are eligible for tax credit. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that property tax payments that would otherwise be eligible for certain tax credits are still eligible even when the payment for the tax is received prior to January 1, 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to DOH. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing, amending and increasing existing items of appropriation from State Road Fund to DOH. Description: The purpose of supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and increase existing items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Governor's Office, Civil Contingent Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Department of Economic Development, Office of Secretary. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Department of Administration, Office of Technology. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Department of Administration, Division of General Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Department of Commerce, Division of Forestry. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Department of Commerce, Geological and Economic Survey. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Department of Arts, Culture, and History, Division of Culture and History. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to DEP, Division of Environmental Protection. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Department of Commerce, Division of Natural Resources. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Department of Veteransí Assistance. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Adjutant General, State Militia. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplementary appropriation to Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation, Regional Jail and Correctional Facility Authority. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, decrease and add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Attorney General. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to Department of Homeland Security, West Virginia State Police. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds to Department of Education, Vocational Consolidated Accounts Fund from State Department of Education. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to expire funds from the aforesaid account to the cash balance of the aforesaid fund.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations from General Revenue to DHHR. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing WV energy resources and pipeline infrastructure to support economic development and national security. Description: Recognizing WV energy resources and pipeline infrastructure to support economic development and national security
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to providing support for families. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase support for families.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prevent the use of payment card processing systems for surveillance of Second Amendment activity and discriminatory conduct. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prevent the use of payment card processing systems for surveillance of Second Amendment activity and discriminatory conduct.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing the dual enrollment pilot program to be administered by the Higher Education Policy Commission and the Council for Community and Technical College Education in conjunction with the State Board of Education.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the dual enrollment pilot program to be administered by the Higher Education Policy Commission and the Council for Community and Technical College Education in conjunction with the State Department of Education.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to reorganizing the Department of Health and Human Resources. Description: The purpose of this bill is to reorganize the Department of Health and Human Resources.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting certain medical practices. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit certain medical practices.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring local entities to enforce immigration laws. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require all local entities of this state to enforce immigration laws. The bill provides for definitions. The bill protects the taxpayers of West Virginia by ensuring that municipalities and counties in West Virginia are immediately required to contact the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement to identify where noncitizen residents are residing, so that the matter of their illegal status is resolved in the Courts. Finally, the bill prohibits discrimination while enforcing immigration laws and prohibiting sanctuary cities in West Virginia.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to confidential childcare records. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide certain information to child placing agencies and child care facilities to facilitate placement or services to a child.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting the managed care case coordinator to attend the multidisciplinary team meeting. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit the managed care case coordinator to attend the multidisciplinary treatment meetings.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Budget Bill, making appropriations of public money out of the treasury in accordance with section fifty-one, article six of the Constitution. Description: Budget Bill, making appropriations of public money out of the treasury in accordance with section fifty-one, article six of the Constitution
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing municipalities with police or firefighter employees in PERS to elect to become participating employer in Municipal Police Officer and Firefighter Retirement System for a limited time. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide an additional, one-time opportunity for municipal police officers to transfer from the Public Employees Retirement System into the West Virginia Municipal Police Officers and Firefighters Retirement System.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Repealing the creation of an all-payer claims database. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove the authority provided to the Department of Health and Human Resources to establish and maintain an all-payor claims database.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establish rules and regulations for e-bikes in West Virginia that more closely comport to federal law. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the laws on e-bikes in West Virginia to more closely comport to federal law.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To create commercial opportunity zones to attract new businesses to West Virginia. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the Tourism and Commercial Opportunity Zone Tax Credit Act. The bill provides for a short title. The bill provides for legislative findings and purpose. The bill creates definitions. The bill establishes the Tourism and Commercial Opportunity Zone tax credit. The bill provides for restrictions on investment. The bill provides for a penalty. The bill provides for the disclosure of tax credit. The bill provides for tax credit review and accountability. The bill creates rules. Finally, the bill provides for an effective date.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: West Virginia Heavy Duty Truck Excise Tax Elimination Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the West Virginia Heavy Duty Truck Excise Tax Elimination Act. The bill stimulates economic growth in manufacturing industries by amending the definition of manufacturing for purposes of special method for appraising qualified capital additions to manufacturing facilities for property tax purposes. The bill amends the formula for calculating the credit allowed for manufacturing investment to include a heavy-duty truck manufacturing facility. The bill provides for its administration and enforcement of the tax credit. Finally, the bill exempts certain taxes.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Robin W. Ames Memorial Road. Description: Robin W. Ames Memorial Road
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the criminal penalties imposed on a parent, guardian or custodian for child abuse. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the criminal penalties imposed on a parent, guardian or custodian for child abuse resulting in injury and child abuse or neglect creating risk of injury.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to custodial interrogation of a child. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish limitation on law-enforcement officers conducting custodial interrogations of a child with certain exceptions.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. Description: Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring parents or guardians to participate in programs for juveniles in an out-of-home placement. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require parents or guardians to participate in programs for juveniles in an out-of-home placement.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to surgical smoke evacuation. Description: The purpose of this bill is to ensure that a smoke evacuation system is in place to protect medical personnel during any medical treatment where there could be surgical smoke.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to establishing criminal penalties for human trafficking. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase penalties for human trafficking.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Distracted Driving Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand prohibitions on distracted driving of motorists utilizing a wireless communication device or stand-alone electronic device.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to bankruptcy. Description: The purpose of this bill is to exclude certain life insurance proceeds and contractual instruments from attachment during bankruptcy proceedings.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to authorized expenditures of revenues from certain state funds for fire departments. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify allowable expenditures for fire departments receiving distributions from the Municipal Pensions and Fire Protection Fund or the Fire Protection Fund.This bill was recommended for passage during the 2022 Regular Session by the Joint Committee on Volunteer Fire Departments and Emergency Medical Services.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to titling and registration of foreign market vehicles. Description: The purpose of this bill is to exempt foreign market vehicles manufactured 25 or more years ago from certain title requirements and allow registration upon application and payment of an additional $25 fee.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To require the Division of Forestry to create an online renewal process no later than July 1, 2023. Description: The purpose of this bill is to streamline the renewal process for the Managed Timberland Program through the creation of an online renewal process.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Provide the Division of Motor Vehicles authority to develop an ìAntique Fleetî program so that multiple antique motor vehicles may utilize a single registration plate.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide the Division of Motor Vehicles authority to develop an "Antique Fleet" program so that multiple antique motor vehicles may utilize a single registration plate.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Declaring a shortage of qualified bus operators and allowing retired bus operators to accept employment. Description: The purpose of this bill is to declare the need for retired bus operators as substitutes and allow retired bus operators to work as substitutes without affecting their monthly retirement benefit.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to School Building Authority. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove or revise obsolete, outdated, antiquated, inoperative, surplus, or superseded provisions of code related to the School Building Authority.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the implementation of an acuity-based patient classification system. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Patient Safety & Transparency Act.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Declaring November 14 every year, a special Memorial Day in remembrance of the Marshall University airplane crash. Description: The purpose of this bill is to declare November 14 every year a special memorial day in remembrance of the Marshall University airplane crash.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to service employees with National Association for Pupil Transportation Certifications. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make service employees with National Association for Pupil Transportation Certification as a Director or Supervisor of Pupil Transportation eligible as candidates for professional employee positions involving supervision of a county transportation department and requiring county boards to consider such candidates.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating a tax credit for improving facades in historic districts. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a tax credit for improving facades in historic districts. The bill provides that individuals and corporations are entitled to a 25 percent tax credit of the replacement cost of a historic fa√ßade.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating a title clearinghouse for non-resident businesses. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish a national title clearinghouse using the WV DMV title system.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating the Uniform Premarital Agreement Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to enact the Uniform Premarital Agreement Act. This act allows parties to a marriage to contract prior to marriage with respect to property rights, actions to be taken upon dissolution of the marriage, rights to insurance proceeds upon death of either party, choice of controlling law and any other matters not in violation of criminal statutes or public policy. Child support cannot be adversely affected.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Require agencies to develop and maintain an inventory of available services for single parents wanting to obtain degrees, secure training or reenter the workforce. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide single parents attempting to accomplish reentering the workforce, obtaining a degree, or securing workforce training with available resources that would facilitate that effort.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to reducing the personal income tax. Description: The purpose of this bill is to reduce the personal income tax rates by 50% of the current rates over the course of three years.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the extension of the expiration of temporary registration plates from sixty days to ninety days. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend the expiration of temporary registration plates from sixty days to ninety days.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring cooperation between the rail company and the Division of Highways when construction or maintenance activities are conducted by the company. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make it clear that rail companies must cooperate with and receive permission from the Commissioner of the Division of Highways before they build or conduct repairs or otherwise preform maintenance on the railroad, tracks or crossings that close state roads. This is to ensure that the traveling public has needed access to emergency services, school, work and is not unnecessarily inconvenienced by road closures.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to a permanent windshield placard to be valid for the duration of the applicantís life. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow for a permanent windshield placard to be valid for the duration of the applicant's life. This bill is by request of the Department of Transportation.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring usage of child welfare information technology systems. Description: The purpose of this bill is to develop an online portal to support foster placements and kinship placements with the specific needs for their foster children.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Travel Insurance Model Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the "Travel Insurance Model Act," set requirements for policies, allow rulemaking and enforcement for the Commissioner, setting standards for policies and pricing.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to temporary identification cards for released inmates. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that the temporary identification cards issued upon release to an inmate are at no cost to the inmate and extend the validity of the temporary identification cards to 180 days.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Repeal of administrative hearing procedures for DUI offenses. Description: The purpose of this bill is to repeal obsolete code sections relating to a former DUI license revocation process.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to felony trespassing. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the penalty of unlawful trespass into the home of another from a misdemeanor offense to a felony offense.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing the Motorsport Responsibility Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the Motorsport Responsibility Act; provide legislative findings; define terms; set forth duties of motorsport operators; set forth duties of motorsport participants; set forth the liability of motorsport operators; set forth the liability of motorsport participants; and provide rule-making authority.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To reflect that County Sheriffs will be required to include a breakdown of the distribution of where a citizenís taxes will be paid. Description: The purpose of this bill is to state what information a receipt for taxes from a sheriff shall contain; and how the information may be provided to the taxpayer.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To modify when a nonresident studentís transfer may be denied. Description: The purpose of this bill is to deny transfers to other schools by students who are suspended or expelled from a school for certain conduct.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending performance evaluations of professional personnel. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require that employee evaluations must provide data and an explanation in support of any statement or rating in which the employee is assessed to be less than satisfactory.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating the utility pole rights of way and easement mapping initiative. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the utility pole rights-of-way and easement mapping initiative; to require pole owners to provide information to the Department of Economic Development to map the poles; required the Department of Economic Development to create maps with specific information about the poles; to mandate confidentiality of information about electrical facilities connected to poles; to allow the Department of Economic Development to provide information to parties who demonstrate the need for the information to determine feasibility of projects; to mandate confidentiality agreement of any requestor of reported information; and to provide exception to reporting if pole owner provides information directly to telecommunications entity.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reestablishing certain specialized school service personnel classifications. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add special teaching assistants Aide V and Aide VI to the class titles of service personnel of the state minimum pay scale and class titles that are set forth in ¬ß18A-4-8a of this code. These classifications were inadvertently omitted from 2002 HB4829 that passed in 2022.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Good Samaritan law. Description: The purpose of this bill is to enact a Good Samaritan Law. The bill provides that persons who render assistance to a person in an accident, emergency, or disaster, without remuneration, are not liable for civil damages and also that persons trained in a qualified program of emergency response who render assistance to a person in an accident, emergency, or disaster, without remuneration, are not liable for civil damages.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarify that vehicles with a capacity larger than 10 passengers may be used to transport students provided that no more than 10 passengers may be transported at one time.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend the provisions of this section to clarify that vehicles with a capacity larger than 10 passengers may be used to transport students and that no more than 10 passengers may be transported at one time.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To remove certain territorial limitations on a banking institutionís ability to offer messenger services or mobile banking facilities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove certain territorial limitations on a banking institution's ability to offer messenger services or mobile banking facilities, except that the 2,000 foot limit to the proximity of another bank's main or branch office remains.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the administration of anesthetics. Description: Relating to the administration of anesthetics
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to bail bondsman. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the Insurance Commissioner to formulate testing and continuing education requirements for all applicants and license renewals for professional bondsmen in criminal cases. The bill also provides a definition of "approved securities" and amend the definition of "bondsman".
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing certain agencies of the Department of Administration to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Administration to promulgate a legislative rule relating to Purchasing.This section is new; therefore,
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing certain agencies of the Department of Environmental Protection to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Department of Environmental Protection to promulgate a legislative rule relating to standards of performance for new stationary sources.This section is new; therefore,
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing certain agencies and boards of the DHHR to promulgate a legislative rule. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Department of Health and Human Resources to promulgate a legislative rule relating to procedures pertaining to the Dangerousness Assessment Advisory Board.This section is new; therefore,
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Social Workers Qualifications. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the requirements for social workers in West Virginia.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to immunizations performed in a pharmacy. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update rulemaking concerning pharmacy immunizations.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to expanding institutional eligibility for the WV Invests Grant Program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand eligibility for the WV Invests grant program to include a hospital based allied health program.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to updating the health care provider tax. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the health care provider tax.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To allow CPR fire fighters to drive ambulances when both attendants are needed to administer patient care. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit firefighters to drive ambulances at the scene of an emergency in limited circumstances.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To allow classroom aides with 10 or more years of service and good evaluations to bid on teaching positions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow county boards to employ eligible classroom aides as classroom teachers when certain conditions are met.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing variance in state fire code for certain buildings used solely for emergency equipment storage. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the State Fire Commission to propose rules providing that buildings commencing construction after July 1, 2023, housing emergency fire, rescue, or ambulance services shall be protected throughout by approved automatic sprinkler systems, and providing an exemption.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To require all state entities and Chapter 30 boards to use ì.govî domains and e-mail addresses. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require state entities and Chapter 30 boards to utilize a ".gov" website domain and e-mail address in order to identify them as an official government entity.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating meaning of federal adjusted gross income and certain other terms used in West Virginia Personal Income Tax Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the meaning of federal adjusted gross income and certain other terms used in the West Virginia Personal Income Tax Act; and specify effective dates.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating federal taxable income and other terms in the West Virginia Corporation Net Income Tax Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the meaning of "federal taxable income" and certain other terms used in the West Virginia Corporation Net Income Tax Act by bringing them into conformity with their meaning for Internal Revenue Code's definitions; and specify effective dates.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to office of drug control policy. Description: Relating to office of drug control policy
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Removing birthing centers from certificate of need. Description: The purpose of this bill is to exempt certain services from the certificate of need.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: All relating to authorizing legislative rules regarding higher education. Description: This purpose of this bill is to authorize legislative rules for the Higher Education Policy Commission regarding Performance-Based Funding Formula, Capital Project Management, Tuition and Fee Policy, Higher Education Grant Program, Annual Reauthorization of Degree-Granting Institutions, and Human Resources Administration; and to authorize legislative rules for the Council for Community and Technical College Education regarding Performance-Based Funding Formula, Capital Project Management, Workforce Development Initiative Grant Programs, Annual Reauthorization of Degree-Granting Institutions, and Human Resources Administration.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To create a Hydrogen power task force. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Hydrogen Power Task Force.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Public Service Commission jurisdiction over alternative fuel for motor vehicles. Description: The purpose of this bill is clarifying the definitions of alternative fuel and alternative fuel vehicles, limiting Public Service Commission jurisdiction over temporary charging locations with movable generators for technological demonstrations at fairs, festivals, and other special events and at temporary charging locations with movable generators where the electric distribution grid has been adversely effected by emergencies or disasters, natural or otherwise.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To provide HOPE Scholarship recipients with the ability to play sports. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow participants in the Hope Scholarship Program and in Microschools and Learning Pods to access to athletic programs.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to taxation of gambling and lottery winnings. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow gambling and lottery winnings to be written off against losses.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Make public charter schools eligible for Safe Schools Funds. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend this statute to make public charter schools eligible for Safe Schools Funds; provide that Safe Schools Funds shall be distributed providing that Safe Schools Funds shall be distributed first to meet the special education video requirements, then safe school entry way needs, and when met, on the basis of need; provide that any moneys distributed from the Safe Schools Fund for facility improvements shall only be expended on facilities owned by a county board of education, public charter school or multicounty vocational center, unless the improvements to such facilities may be removed with minimal effort; and, provide that the West Virginia Board of Education shall promulgate rules to govern the process by which county boards of education, public charter schools and multicounty vocational centers may apply for needs-based funding from the Safe Schools Fund.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying appropriate and inappropriate duties for school counselors while also providing the definition of a school counselor.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify appropriate and inappropriate duties for school counselors while also providing the definition of a school counselor.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Repeal outdated provisions of code relating to the West Virginia graduate college and Marshall University. Description: The purpose of this bill is to repeal outdated provisions of code relating to West Virginia Graduate College and Marshall University.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a technical correction regarding an incorrect fund name and clarifying applicability to mine lands governed by SMCRA and the Abandoned Mine Lands Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make a technical change correcting an incorrect fund name and to clarify the applicability of ¬ß2-2-10 to mine lands governed by both ¬ß2-3-1 et seq. and ¬ß2-2-1 et seq.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to removing expired provisions from the code. Description: The purpose of this bill is to repeal an expired pilot program.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Water and Sewer Operator licensing reciprocity. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide requirements for the certification of public water systems and wastewater operators who have completed requirements in another jurisdiction and to allow commissioner to determine whether another jurisdiction's certification examination is equivalent to West Virginia in order to exempt applicants from that specific requirement.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to students with exceptional needs. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify general education teachers' entitlements for the general education classroom that provide academic support for students identified as having an exceptionality whose least restrictive environment remains the general education classroom.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To dispose of old AFFF foam accumulated by fire departments. Description: The purpose of this bill is to ensure the safe disposal of AFFF fire-fighting foam.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to requirements for shareholder voting by the West Virginia Investment Management Board and the Board of Treasury Investments. Description: The purpose of this bill is to ensure that all shareholder votes by or on behalf of the West Virginia Investment Management Board and the Board of Treasury Investments are cast according to the pecuniary interests of investment beneficiaries.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To clarify that the PSC may enter an order requiring corrective measures up to and including an acquisition of a distressed or failing utility. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that the Public Service Commission may enter an order requiring corrective measures up to and including an acquisition of a distressed or failing utility.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Correcting a reference relating to siting certificates for certain electric generating facilities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to correct a statutory reference.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying that Circuit Court Judges have the ability/authority to waive the requirement that a party pass a home study performed by the DHHR. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that circuit court judges may place a child in a home without a home study or without a passed home study if the judge determines that this is in the best interests of the child.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To grant the Fleet Management Division oversight authority of the state vehicle fleet. Description: The purpose of this bill is to grant the Fleet Management Division oversight authority of the state vehicle fleet. The bill provides an exclusion for law enforcement vehicles should such oversight conflict with any law enforcement activities. The bill delineates telematics as a required service for state spending units. The bill removes the requirement to complete vehicle logs in telematics connected vehicles. The bill removes exemptions from the Fleet Management Division. Finally, the bill allows for exemptions from telematics for law enforcement.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplemental appropriation to the Department of Economic Development. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation from the State Fund, General Revenue unappropriated surplus for the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplemental appropriation from the Coronavirus State Fiscal Recovery Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to amend by decreasing and increasing items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying student discipline. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the authority of teachers and other school personnel for discipline of students that requires removal of a student from the classroom; and requiring each county school board to implement a tier system policy, with teacher input, to provide a framework for student behaviors and punishments.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to State Board of Education - State Department of Education - Classroom Aide Program. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to making West Virginia an Agreement State with the U. S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Radiation Control Act. The bill provides for declaration of policy and purpose. The bill provides for certain definitions. The bill provides for an exemption. The bill creates the Radiation Advisory Board and the composition, compensation, and duties associated with the Board. The bill provides that the Department of Environmental Protection shall be designated as the State Radiation Control Agency. The bill provides for Radon education, screening, testing, and mitigation. The bill provides for inspections of X-ray machines, and providing for reports, fees, and qualifications of such inspectors. The bill defines costs of inspection conducted by the Department of Environmental Protection and the fees to be used to support the program. The bill provides for the licensing of radioactive material. The bill provides for surety requirements. The bill creates the Radiation Site Closure and Reclamation Fund. The bill creates the Radiation Licensure and Inspection Fund. The bill allows for impounding sources of ionizing radiation. The bill provides authority for the Governor to enter into agreements with the federal government. The bill provides for the authority of the Department to enter into agreements with the federal government, other states or interstate agencies, and provides training programs for personnel. The bill defines the effect on local ordinances. The bill provides for administrative procedure and judicial review. The bill creates an enforcement section with civil penalties. The bill defines criminal and civil penalties. The bill provides for the licensure of radon mitigators, testers, contractors and laboratories. The bill provides for legislative findings and definitions. The bill requires a license and provides for exemptions. The bill provides for special licensure requirements. The bill creates powers and duties of the secretary. The bill defines rules. The bill provides for a complain mechanism. The bill provides a licensed tester, mitigator and contractor list. The bill provides for record keeping and confidentiality. The bill creates a special revenue account. The bill provides for reciprocity. The bill provides a records review. The bill provides for reprimands, suspension or revocation of a license with a process for orders and hearings. The bill provides for criminal penalties. Finally, the bill clarifies that the Secretary of the Department of Environmental Protection shall have authority over the Appalachian States Low-Level Radioactive Waste Compact.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Repealing two sections of code relating to gas utility rates. Description: The purpose of this bill is to repeal two sections of code that was only in effect for a 12-month period during 1983.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the Deputy Sheriff Retirement System. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow for the conditional re-employment of retired deputy sheriffs in the Deputy Sheriff Retirement System.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Commerce, Office of the Secretary. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds to the unappropriated surplus balance in the State Fund, General Revenue, from the balance of moneys remaining as an unappropriated balance in Lottery Net Profits. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to expire funds from the aforesaid account to the unappropriated surplus balance of the State Fund, General Revenue for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Administration, Division of General Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Commerce, Division of Forestry. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Administration, Public Defender Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Homeland Security, Division of Administrative Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the DHHR, Consolidated Medical Services Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Governorís Office - Civil Contingent Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds to the unappropriated surplus balance in the State Fund, General Revenue, from the balance of moneys remaining as an unappropriated balance in the State Excess Lottery Revenue Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to expire funds from the aforesaid account to the unappropriated surplus balance of the State Fund, General Revenue for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to allowing retired state employees who meet the minimum qualifications necessary, to render post-retirement employment with the Department of Health and Human Resources. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow retirants to render post-retirement employment with the Department of Health and Human Resources as child protective services workers and/or adult protective services workers, without suspending that retirant's retirement annuity.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriation to the Department of Homeland Security, Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation - Correctional Units. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to DHHR, Division of Health. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To reduce the business license fee for WV Volunteer Fire Departments to $250. Description: The purpose of this bill is to reduce the amount paid to the Tax Commissioner for the annual licensure fees to volunteer fire departments for charitable raffles.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to filing of lien by municipalities for collection of refuse fees. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow a municipality to file a lien for unpaid and delinquent refuse fees.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To extend the end date of the State Advisory Council on Postsecondary Attainment Goals. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend the sunset date of the State Advisory Council on Postsecondary Attainment Goals.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the establishment and operation of regional water, wastewater and stormwater authorities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the operation of regional water, wastewater, and stormwater authorities.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Cpl. Billy F. Mann Memorial Bridge. Description: Cpl. Billy F. Mann Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expediting License Applications for active military members and veterans, and their spouses. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for the expedited processing of professional or trade license applications for service members, veterans, and their spouses, when the applicant is licensed, in good standing, in another jurisdiction.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating the equitable right to expungement. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for additional reasons for a civil action to be filed to expunge criminal records.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to increasing the number of out-of-state medical students receiving in-state tuition rates who agree to practice for a specific time within West Virginia.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the number of out-of-state medical students receiving in-state tuition rates who agree to practice for a specific time within West Virginia from two to four program participants per medical school.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying and updating school bus rules and the types of vehicles covered. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify and update the definition of a school bus.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to rural emergency hospital licensure. Description: The purpose of this bill is to license rural emergency hospitals.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to accelerating the conversion of the state excise tax on the privilege of transferring real property into a county excise tax. Description: The purpose of this bill is to accelerate the change in the transfer tax so that it is payable only to the counties.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: West Virginia Critical Infrastructure Protection Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add the criminal offense of damaging, destroying, or stealing any amount of copper, with felony penalties, providing for forfeiture of items of personal property which are used, have been used, or are intended for use, used in perpetration of theft or damage to infrastructure; and providing that the forfeiture provisions of this bill be governed by the applicable provisions of the West Virginia Contraband Forfeiture Act.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To encourage economic development regarding rare earth elements and critical minerals, as defined, by providing temporary severance tax relief. Description: The purpose of this bill is to encourage economic development regarding rare earth elements and critical minerals, as defined, by providing temporary severance tax relief.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to authorizing the Jefferson County Commission to levy a special district excise tax. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the creation of an EODD within Jefferson County and to authorize Jefferson County to levy a special district excise tax for the benefit of the development district.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing that 18 is the age of consent and removing the ability of an underage person to obtaining a consent to marry through their parents, legal guardians, or by petition to the circuit court. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit a person under the age of 18 from entering into a marriage.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to high-quality education programs and school operations. Description: The purpose of this bill is to advance overall education programs and operations by creating additional educational requirements to close the reading and mathematics gaps, to increase the functionality of classroom operations, and to create a program that encourages West Virginia students to remain in their communities post-graduation. This bill adds mathematics to existing programs and goals from kindergarten to third grade and incorporates science of reading instruction, which can include phonics, phonemic awareness, vocabulary, fluency, and comprehension. Furthermore, this bill requires Pre-K level teachers and staff to utilize early learning reporting systems and requires benchmark assessments or screeners for kindergarten through third grade in reading and mathematics to determine proficiency. Additionally, third grade students who have nonproficient scores in mathematics or the English language arts on the West Virginia General Summative Assessment must continue with intervention programs until he or she is grade level proficient. The bill emphasizes the importance of the students' support systems both in the classrooms and at home. Thus, this bill maximizes family engagement by requiring open and honest communication between the school, the student, and the students' parents or guardians. By the end of the third grade, if the student is still unable to meet minimums requirements by the end of the third grade, the teachers and the student assistance team may recommend that the student be held back. This bill provides additional classroom social, emotional, and academic support for first, second, and third grade pupils by requiring an early childhood classroom assistant teacher in first, second, and third grade classrooms that have more than 12 pupils. The school aid formula allowance for service personnel is amended to increase the number of state funded positions. This bill requires early childhood classroom assistant teachers to exercise authority and control over students such as required of a teacher, but only in instances enumerated by the principal and excluding suspensions and expulsions and performing instructional duties as a teacher. This bill also creates the Grow Your Own West Virginia Pathway to Teaching Program to improve recruitment, retention, and diversity of educators in West Virginia public schools. The Program establishes a process to be administered by the West Virginia Department of Education. Any West Virginia school district can apply to establish its own unique Grow Your Own Pathway Program. Applicants must provide a detailed explanation of how their proposed Program will be run, including partnerships with institutions of high education and whether the Program anticipates providing last dollar tuition and related educational financial assistance to candidates accepted into their Program who commit to teaching a minimum of 3 years, upon licensure, in the Applicant's school district. In evaluating applications that meet the West Virginia Department of Education's criteria, if funding is limited, the Department will give additional weight to Applicants that prioritize recruiting candidates from high-need schools, placing teacher candidates in high-need schools, develop programs that support teacher professionals, including bilingual candidates and those without bachelor's degrees, and leverage apprenticeship and year-long teacher residency models. The West Virginia Department of Education will annually provide Program data to the Legislative Oversight Commission on Education Accountability including the number of Program applications, the number of programs supported including names of districts, and retention rate for educator candidates hired by the district.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing the number of districts and the limit on approved costs under the BUILD WV Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the number of districts and the limit on approved costs under the BUILD WV Act.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to Adjutant General - State Militia. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Administration, Office of the Secretary. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to forbidding excessive government limitations on exercise of religion. Description: The purpose of this bill is to forbid excessive government limitations on exercise of religion and creates the Equal Protection for Religion Act.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the annual fee for limited video lottery terminal permits. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide an incentive to upgrade video lottery terminals and their operating software by reducing the per terminal annual permit fee from $1,000 to $500 for terminals that generate a certain level of revenue above the 10 percent lowest revenue-producing versions of terminal software.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Fast Track for Agriculture Education Endorsement. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Fast Track for Agriculture Education Endorsement Program.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To create the American Campuses Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the American Campuses Act. The bill prohibits foreign missions of China to state higher education institutions; prohibits involvement with Communist Chinese recruitment and propaganda programs; and sets forth reporting requirements for state institutions of higher education.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To create a vocational math class for students interested in careers in the trades.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish a vocational math class.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Give PSC authority to fine Class I railroads for safety and operational violations.. Description: The purpose of this bill relates to railroad powers of the Public Service Commission. It provides a definition; clarifies regulation of service applicable to railroads; provides exceptions; allows for inquiries into management of railroads and investigation into violations of interstate commerce law; allows for inquiries into neglect or violations of law; authorizes examinations and production of books and papers; provides for forfeiture for refusal to comply with subpoena; requires annual statement to commission and identification of officers and directors; requires disclosure to commission of certain leases, contracts, and agreements, including transportation contracts; provides a prohibition against directing a violation of law; creates a duty to report certain accidents and provide adequate service and facilities; requires filing of schedules, joint rates, and changes in schedules; directs that charges conform to schedule; requires maintenance of depots, switches, and sidetracks; recognizes commission's authority over private tracks; requires proper facilities for interchange of traffic; prohibits unlawful preference; authorizes commission to regulate dangerous structures; creates a duty to repair defective track; provides for forfeiture for noncompliance; addresses installation and regulation of crossing signals; provides for expenses associated with dangerous crossings; allows for the regulation of safety devices at grade crossings; provides for forfeiture for noncompliance with commission order; allows claims for damages and an immediate trial; provides for counsel for the commission; provides for forfeiture for violation of article; allows for punitive damages; prohibits violations of article; sets forth penalties for violations; and provides rulemaking authority.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to updating the authority of the Foster Care Ombudsman. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the authority of the foster care ombudsman.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing appropriations to the Department of Transportation, Division of Multimodal Transportation Facilities - Aeronautics Commission. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to amend and increase an item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Education, State Board of Education - State Aid to Schools. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement and amend items of appropriation by increasing and decreasing appropriations in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Transportation, Division of Multimodal Transportation Facilities - Public Transit. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to amend and increase an item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Homeland Security, Division of Administrative Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to decrease an existing item and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Adjutant General - State Militia. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to increase an item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing appropriations to the Department of Transportation, Division of Multimodal Transportation Facilities. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to making the use of the multi-state real time tracking system permanent. Description: The purpose of this bill is to repeal the termination of the use of the Multi-State Real-Time Tracking System.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to revising provisions related to public charter schools. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify provisions related to public charter schools in response to issues during the initial implementation and to clarify their access to other sources of public school funding. The funding issues include eligibility for funding from the School Safety Fund and codifying a requirement for a State Board rule on providing increased enrollment funding for public charter schools. The bill provides for invoicing to ensure that certain funding follows the student when students transfer to and from noncharter and charter public schools after the beginning of the school year. It also authorizes the Professional Charter School Board to receive and expend gifts, grants and donations to carry out purposes of act, to apply for federal funds to implement programs, and to make start-up grants to public charter schools.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring counties provide fiscal information for State Auditorís WV Checkbook website. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require counties to provide information to the State Auditor for inclusion in the financial transparency website.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to in-state food service permit reciprocity. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require local and county health departments to issue a mobile food establishment reciprocity permit to a mobile food service establishment that is operating within the State of West Virginia and holds a valid mobile food establishment permit from the vendor's county of residence.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating special revenue account known as School Building Authority Agricultural, Vocational and Technical Training Facilities Grant Fund. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a fund for, and a grant program dedicated to, the purposes of constructing, renovating and/or expanding agricultural, vocational and technical training facilities at West Virginia primary and secondary schools.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the West Virginia Summative Assessment and formative assessment. Description: The purpose of this bill relates generally to standardized testing in public schools. The bill provides legislative findings; provides a definition of standardized testing; provides for a coordinated statewide student assessment to be administered three times during the school year; provides for removal of standardized testing with certain exceptions; provides for funding used for standardized testing be used for the coordinated statewide student assessment or college-level readiness tests; and provides for an effective date.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring high school students to complete course of study in personal finance. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require each high school student to complete a one credit course of study in personal finance as a requirement for high school graduation.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to notification of breast density. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for medical guidelines and information related to breast density.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Transportation, Division of Multimodal Transportation Facilities - State Rail Authority. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to amend and increase an item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the State Board of Education - State Department of Education. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to funding the Office of Oil and Gas in the Department of Environmental Protection. Description: The purpose of this bill is to ensure that the WVDEP Office of Oil and Gas has sufficient money to inspect the oil and gas wells of the State of West Virginia in an efficacious and diligent manner that protects the people and environment of the State from degradation related to violations of the West Virginia oil and gas production laws.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Infrastructure Ready Jurisdictions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish Infrastructure Ready Jurisdictions; establish rulemaking; and award an additional five percent preferential scoring for these jurisdictions on all permissible grants.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Deny severance pay to employees of DOT for failure or refusal of drug testing. Description: The purpose of this bill is to deny severance pay to DOT employees for failure of a drug screen or refusal to take a drug screen.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting certain types of rifles using an encapsulated propellant charge that loads from the breech. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit certain types of rifles using an encapsulated propellant charge that loads from the breech.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating the Coalfields Energy Research and Economic Development Authority. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the West Virginia Coalfields Energy Research and Economic Development Authority; establishing purpose; setting membership of authority; creating powers and duties of authority; exempting authority from taxation; defining terms; mandating reporting; and providing confidentiality for certain information.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Create a credit against the severance tax to encourage private companies to make infrastructure improvements to highways, roads and bridges in this state. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a credit against the severance tax to encourage private companies to make infrastructure improvements to highways, roads and bridges in this state. The bill limits the total amount of road and highway infrastructure improvement credits which can be certified by the Secretary of Transportation. The bill seeks to encourage greater capital investment in coal production and processing facilities. The bill will increase economic opportunity in this state. The bill authorizes the claiming of the credits. Finally, the bill provides for an effective date.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To modify the salaries of the Governor and Constitutional officers beginning January 1, 2025. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase compensation for the Governor, Attorney General, Auditor, Secretary of State, Commissioner of Agriculture, and State Treasurer.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the practice of dentistry. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the practice of dentistry, to update definitions, to add to disciplinary section language concerning orthodontic treatment, and add a section concerning a declared public health emergency.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing the Commission on Uniform State Laws as a presumptive provider of continuing legal education. Description: The purpose of this bill is to recognize the Commission on Uniform State Laws as a presumptive provider of continuing legal education. The bill further recognizes session attendance at its annual meeting as continuing legal education credit for commissioners.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing in West Virginia Code, the contents of the Uniform Public Meetings During Emergencies Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the Uniform Public Meetings During Emergencies Act. The bill provides for virtual meetings
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To create the Upper Ohio Valley Trail Network. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Upper Ohio Valley Trail Network Recreation Authority. The bill provides for legislative findings and purpose. The bill provides for the continuation of the Upper Ohio Valley Trail Network Recreation Authority and the establishment of the recreation area. The bill provides recreational purposes. The bill provides for a governing body and expenses. Finally, the bill provides for protection for private landowners.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to financing municipal policemenís and firemenís pension and relief funds. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit municipalities from using the conservation method of financing for their municipal policemen's and firemen's pension and relief funds; and to provide that a municipality may convert to either the optional method or optional-II method of financing.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to distribution of certain taxes and surcharges to benefit volunteer and part-volunteer fire departments and emergency medical services providers.. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend and reenact codes concerning the distribution of certain taxes and surcharges to benefit volunteer and part-volunteer fire departments and emergency medical services providers as well as certain funds from the Fire Protection Fund.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Raising the compensation rates of panel attorneys. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase compensation rates for panel attorneys and investigators, and to provide indigent defendants with an opportunity to obtain expungements.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To extend the termination date of the West Virginia Advisory Council on Rare Diseases due to a delay in beginning its duties. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend the termination date of the West Virginia Advisory Council on Rare Diseases due to a delay in beginning its duties.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To permit a hospital to hold a patient experiencing a psychiatric emergency for up to 72 hours. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit a hospital to hold a patient experiencing a psychiatric emergency for up to 72 hours.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Ensuring investment in WV Tourism is competitive with other states and accessible long term. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modernize the TDA to account for issues in global supply chains, labor markets, and other issues resulting in delays in construction in the future to ensure investment in WV Tourism is competitive with other states and accessible long term.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the establishment of an alert system for missing cognitively impaired persons. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish an alert system for missing cognitively impaired persons. The bill provides for the use of video image recording devices for search purposes during a Purple Alert. The bill provides for legislative findings. The bill sets forth criteria for the activation of a Purple Alert. The bill provides for notice and broadcasting of a Purple Alert. Finally, the bill provides immunity for individuals providing information pursuant to a Purple Alert in good faith.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: The PFAS Protection Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the PFAS Protection Act. The bill: requires the DEP to identify and address PFAS sources impacting public water systems; requires facilities that have recently used PFAS chemicals to report their use to DEP, requires permits to be updated to require monitoring of PFAS chemicals for facilities that report their use; and requires DEP to propose rules to adopt water quality criteria for certain PFAS chemicals after they are finalized by the USEPA.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending the definition of ìminorî. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend these two code provisions in regards to the definition of a minor which would now be a person under the age of 18, or purported to be under the age of 18.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to certain facilities operated by the state government to obtain a license. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that certain health care facilities are required to be licensed as hospitals.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Abolishing the Center for Nursing and transferring its duties and authorities to the Higher Education Policy Commission. Description: This purpose of this bill is to abolish the Center for Nursing and transfer its duties and authorities to the Higher Education Policy Commission.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to obtaining title to abandoned or junked motor vehicles abandoned on the property or place of business of an automobile dealer. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove the requirement that the loan value of the motor vehicle be less than $9500 to allow an automobile dealer, licensed automobile auction, motor vehicle repair facility or towing company upon whose property or place of business an abandoned or junked motor vehicle has been abandoned to obtain a certificate of title and registration for the abandoned motor vehicle or junked vehicle.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to removing the requirement that an ectopic pregnancy be reported. Description: The purpose of this bill is to not require a report for the termination of ectopic pregnancy.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorize DHHR to transfer state facilities to regional mental health centers or intellectual disability facilities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize The Department of Health and Human Resources to transfer comprehensive community mental health centers and comprehensive intellectual disability facilities to regional mental health centers or regional intellectual disability facilities.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to West Virginia Real Estate License Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update real estate licensure information and requirements, the duties of licensees, and to repeal the section relating to the duration of licenses and to require that certain moneys that are collected be deposited daily into the treasury.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the performance of installation of propane gas systems. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the performance of the installation of propane gas systems.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to authorizing service credit for unused accrued annual or sick leave days for use in determining retirement benefits in the Municipal Police Officer and Firefighter Retirement System. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide optional retirement service credit for municipal police and firefighters via accrued annual or sick leave days.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To create the Road Optimization & Assessment Data (ROAD) Pilot Project. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the "Road Optimization and Assessment Data Road Pilot Program" to collect data to best determine how to maintain roads and highways.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to land use. Description: The purpose of this bill relates to land use planning. The bill provides flexibility in timelines to allow planning commissions to promptly address applications; and addresses difficulties with finding qualified members for public boards. It modifies definitions; modifies the frequency of planning commission meetings; clarifies contents of subdivision and land development ordinances; addresses jurisdiction of planning commission; clarifies process for minor proposals; modifies provisions related to approval of major proposals; provides for flexibility in qualifications for county boards of zoning appeals; and modifies frequency of board of zoning appeals meetings.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to requiring suicide prevention resources be printed on student identification cards. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require suicide prevention resources be printed on student identification cards at any school that issues identification cards for students in grades 6 to 12 in public schools and for students in a public or private institution of higher education.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding West Virginia Junior College to the list of eligible institutions that accept PROMISE scholarship recipients. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add West Virginia Junior College to the list of eligible institutions that accept PROMISE scholarship recipients.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Regulation of Sports Wagering. Description: The purpose of this bill is to direct the West Virginia State Lottery Commission to accredit Independent Evaluators to audit and opine on the Sports Betting Content directly or indirectly affiliated with mobile sports wagering licensees and report findings to the state of Maryland gaming control board. The purpose is consumer protection through setting standards and guidelines to combat predatory promotions/advertisement, remove industry bad actors, and create generally accepted evaluation practices. Creating the guardrails now, stabilizes the industry's growth and prevents collapses seen in other more mature markets and other industries (i.e. cryptocurrency). The goal is not to restrict business in any way, it is to elevate the industry and protect the consumer.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to uniform and equipment allowances for the National Guard. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize an increase to the officer uniform allowance and to create a maternity and specialty uniform allowance. This bill was recommended for introduction during the 2023 regular session of the Legislature by the Adjutant General.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Municipal Pensions Oversight Board proposing legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the Municipal Pensions Oversight Board to propose legislative rules.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to abuse and or neglect of individuals with an intellectual and or developmental disability. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Abuse and Neglect Oversight Act. The bill provides for a short title. The bill provides for legislative findings regarding the necessity for this article. The bill provides for the enactment of the article, as well as specific responsibilities required of the Department of Health and Human Services and the Bureau of Medical Services. Finally, the bill provides for reporting to ensure oversight is taking place.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Hershel ìWoodyî Williams State Military Funeral Honor Guard. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish a State Military Funeral Honor Guard in honor of Hershel "Woody" Williams, known as the Hershel "Woody" Williams State Military Funeral Honor Guard to render professional military funeral honors.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Remove statutory mandates that the sheriff of a county shall serve process or is responsible for cost of service or arrest by another law enforcement agency. Description: The purpose of this bill relates to service of process by sheriff.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Add protections for WV residents who reside out of state for certain time periods from non-renewal of licenses and registration. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add protections for West Virginia residents who reside out of state for certain time periods from non-renewal of licenses and registration.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To amend the deliberate intent statute to limit noneconomic damages to $500,000. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend the deliberate intent statute to limit noneconomic damages to $250,000, remove occupational pneumoconiosis from compensable injuries under deliberate intent, require bifurcation to enhance speedy resolution of non-meritorious claims, and to cap attorneys fees to the same amount allowable under the other portions of Chapter 23.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to increasing monitoring of special education classrooms. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the placement of audio recording devices in the restrooms of self-contained classrooms.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the operation of private trust companies in West Virginia. Description: The purpose of this bill is to enact laws authorizing the formation and operation of licensed and unlicensed private trust companies under West Virginia law and to make substantive changes to West Virginia's rule against perpetuities by replacing its 90 year "wait and see" provision with a 1,000 "wait and see" provision to thereby permit dynastic, multigenerational trusts to be formed under West Virginia law, all in an effort to make West Virginia a more attractive situs for the formation and administration of trusts.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to an additional modification decreasing federal taxable income. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for an additional modification decreasing federal taxable income. The bill provides for certain definitions. Finally, the bill provides for net liability under apportionment.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating the Affordable Medicaid Buy-in Program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Affordable Medicaid Buy-In Program. The bill requires the Department of Health and Human Resources to develop and administer the Affordable Medicaid Buy-In Plan. The bill creates the Health Care Affordability and Access Improvement Fund. The bill establishes an advisory council to the Affordable Medicaid Buy-In Program. The bill requires a study and reposts be made. The bill defines terms. The bill sets limitations of employers. The bill requires rule-making.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the practice of optometry. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the practice of optometry. The bill establishes the Accreditation Council on Optometric Education as an accrediting body. The bill removes obsolete areas of the code. Finally, the bill requires certain procedures to be approved by an accredited body.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing adjustment from federal adjusted gross income for certain law enforcement pension benefit payments. Description: The purpose of this bill relates to pension benefits which are exempt from income taxation. The bill adds Division of Natural Resources police, deputy sheriffs, full-time firefighters, and municipal police officers into the class of law-enforcement officers exempted.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: West Virginia Remembers Program. Description: West Virginia Remembers Program
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to identifying and educating exceptional children exhibiting indicators or diagnosed with dyslexia or dyscalculia. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish requirements for the state educational agency and local educational agencies to support students in the public school system who exhibit indicators of risk for, or who have been diagnosed with, dyslexia and dyscalculia.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Natural Resource Police Officer Retirement. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide supplemental funding for the plan and to increase recruitment and retention of certified officers for the agency.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To recognize unborn child as distinct victim in a DUI causing death. Description: The purpose of this bill is to recognize an embryo or fetus as a distinct unborn victim for the offense of DUI causing death.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying and expanding the powers and duties of the director of the Coalfield Community Development Office. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify and expand the powers and duties of the director of the Coalfield Community Development Office and to provide funding to the office through federal grants and portions of West Virginia's severance tax collections.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the organizational structure of the Office of Drug Control Policy. Description: The purpose of this bill is to move the Office of Drug Control Policy under the direction of the Governor.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing the West Virginia-Ireland Trade Commission. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the West-Virginia Ireland Trade Commission. The bill proposes findings. The bill provides for the composition of the Commission, appointment of members and filling of vacancies. The bill provides for compensation of the Commission members, its meetings, selection of a chair, maintenance of records and what constitutes a quorum. The bill delineates the purpose of the Commission. The bill prescribes reports be generated by Commission. The bill provides for acceptance of funds by the Commission. Finally, the bill provides an effective date.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing PSC consider and issue financing orders to certain utilities to permit the recovery of certain costs through securitization via consumer rate relief bonds. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Public Service Commission of West Virginia to consider and issue financing orders to certain utilities to permit the recovery of certain costs through securitization via consumer rate relief bonds.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to wine alcohol by volume as compared to beer. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the alcohol limit on table wine from 14% to 15% to be comparable to beer as otherwise provided for in the code.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Restraining county commissions from imposing rules and regulations on farmers beyond what is already prescribed through state statute. Description: The purpose of this bill is to restrain county commissions from imposing rules and regulations on farmers beyond what is already prescribed through state statute.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to readiness enhancement and commission bonuses. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a program for the enhancement of readiness through recruitment and retention bonuses.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to removing specific continuing education requirements. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove specific continuing education requirements.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to location of services provided by the Workforce Development Board as related to the one-stop delivery system. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for residents seeking work opportunities to receive local support.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Hatfield-McCoy Regional Recreation Authority to contract to build and maintain trails on privately owned property. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow the Hatfield-McCoy Regional Recreation Authority to contract to build and maintain trails on private property with the consent of the property owner.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating family court circuits and assigning the number of family court judges in each family court circuit to be elected in the 2024 election. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the family court circuits and to allocate the number of family court judges in each family court circuit to be elected in the 2024 election.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to support staff in the family courts and magistrate courts of this state. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow the Supreme Court of Appeals greater flexibility to efficiently staff the family courts and magistrate courts of this state by eliminating certain statutory restrictions on the number and ratio of existing staff, and authorizing the creation of additional classifications of support staff at or below statutorily established salary levels for other support staff. The bill also removes outdated language regarding staff pay to reflect current levels.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating judicial circuits and assigning the number of circuit judges in each circuit to be elected in the 2024 election. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the judicial circuits and to allocate the number of circuit court judges in each circuit to be elected in the 2024 election.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting additional drug and alcohol treatment facilities and services in a certain county. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit additional drug and alcohol treatment facilities and services in a certain county.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To revise the West Virginia Tax Increment Financing Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to revise the West Virginia Tax Increment Financing Act to authorize a county commission or municipality to extend the termination date of certain districts in light of the impact of COVID-19 on districts which had issued bonds prior to December 31, 2020, and clarifying the notice period for providing a copy of notice of public hearing to levying bodies prior to conducting a public hearing on the approval or amendment of a project plan and making other clarifications.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To allow cigar bars. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit cigar lounges in West Virginia resorts, and to provide for guidelines for resort cigar lounges to operate.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to cooperation between municipal and county economic development authorities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow counties and municipalities the opportunity to jointly undertake economic development projects and to allow a pro-rata share in costs and revenues generated from said economic development project. This would facilitate more cooperation between economic development authorities in the areas of the state where geographic constraints may prevent a multiple-county undertaking, though municipalities are able to contribute resources to the project.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To pay certain moral obligations of the state. Description: The purpose of this bill is to declare certain claims against the state to be moral obligations of the state and to authorize payments therefor from the following funds:GENERAL REVENUE FUND: $693,376,13 SPECIAL REVENUE FUNDS: $397,668.20  STATE ROAD FUND: $515,659.83   TOTAL: $1,606,605.54
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the limitations on the financial relationships with foreign entities that have values antithetical to those of the State of West Virginia. Description: The purpose of this bill is to limit state agencies from forming financial relationships that will benefit foreign entities that have values antithetical to those of the State of West Virginia.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To authorize municipalities to combine operations with other municipalities and counties to provide governmental services. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize municipalities to combine operations with other municipalities and counties to provide governmental services.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating an office of the Inspector General within the Department of Homeland Security. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security to establish within the department an Office of the Inspector General for the purpose of conducting and supervising investigations and other tasks, including the authority to oversee and direct existing investigations and units within the department.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to bring state code into compliance with the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act (LEOSA) provision.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring the closure of certain municipal policemenís and firemenís pension and relief funds as condition of issuance of pension funding revenue bonds. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the closure of certain municipal policemen's and firemen's pension and relief funds as condition of issuance of pension funding revenue bonds.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating a School Safety Unit within the Division of Protective Services. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the language in the statutes relating to modifying the language in the statutes to extend the jurisdiction of the School Safety Unit of the Division of Protective Services, Capitol Police, to provide services to schools, such as primary, secondary, and post-secondary schools, whether public or private, for purposes of conducting inspections and making recommendations on matters of school safety and compliance throughout the state; and, to extend the jurisdiction of the officers assigned to the School Safety Unit of the Division of Protective Services, Capitol Police, to have statewide jurisdiction in order to respond to and investigate matters of school safety.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating loan program for certain properties and developments on U. S. Army Corps of Engineers land, state parks and resorts. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a loan program to be administered by the West Virginia Department of Economic Development for certain properties and developments on U.S. Army Corps of Engineers land, state parks and resorts, and hybrid tourism destinations in the case of default by an eligible entity. The bill provides for legislative findings and a purpose. The bill provides for definitions. The bill establishes the loan program wherein the state will co-sign on existing loans between public and private partnerships and a bank. The bill provides for guidelines and approval by the West Virginia Department of Economic Development, the West Virginia Department of Commerce, and the West Virginia Department of Tourism before a project may be approved for funding. Finally, the bill provides for an effective date.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to federal funds for land-grant institutions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the state to utilize the full federal matching requirements for WVU and WVSU.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to changing the term teacher in residence to clinical teacher of record. Description: The purpose of this bill is to correct a conflict in WV Code ¬ß18A-3-2a resulting from the passage of two bills amending that section in 2021. Both sections are currently printed in the Code but have slightly different provisions. This bill uses the text of the section which contains an alternative pathway for teacher certification passed in 2021 and changes the name of the Teacher in Residence program to Clinical Teacher of Record also passed in 2021. It also makes the name change in a related section.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending the moratorium on the authorization of new convention and visitors bureaus for an additional two years. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend the moratorium on the authorization of new convention and visitors bureaus for an additional two years and to clarify when and how a new convention and visitors bureau can qualify for a distribution of the hotel occupancy tax proceeds.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing filing deadlines for appeals of property tax valuations and issues involving property tax classification and taxability to the West Virginia Office of Tax Appeals. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish filing deadlines for appeals of property tax valuations and issues involving property tax classification and taxability to the West Virginia Office of Tax Appeals, to provide that appeals to the Office of Tax Appeals shall be heard de novo, to extend the hearing date for such matters, and to clarify that appeals from the Office of Tax Appeals shall be made to the Intermediate Court of Appeals and further appeals shall be made to the Supreme Court of Appeals.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing, amending, and increasing existing items of appropriation from the State Road Fund to the Department of Transportation, Division of Highways. Description: The purpose of supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase existing items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the establishment of the West Virginia Memorial to Fallen Heroes of the Global War on Terrorism. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the West Virginia Memorial to Fallen Heroes of the Global War on Terrorism.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Change the maximum time period of a protective order to one year. Description: The purpose of this bill is to change the time period of a protective order extension to one year.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To clean up statutory provisions regarding the Hope Scholarship program to better reflect the intent and operation of the program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clean up statutory provisions regarding the Hope Scholarship program to better reflect the intent and operation of the program. The bill also corrects unintended consequences of the microschool and learning pod legislation that passed last session.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to authorizing application of the manufacturing investment tax credit and the manufacturing property tax adjustment credit against personal income tax. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize application of the manufacturing investment tax credit and the manufacturing property tax adjustment credit against personal income tax.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Including Potomac State College in the definition of community and technical college education program for participation in the ìLearn and Earn Programî. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a pilot program to include Potomac State College of West Virginia as an eligible institution for participation in the "Learn and Earn Program."
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the West Virginia Business Ready Sites Program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make the West Virginia Business Ready Sites Program permanent. This bill eliminates the designation of the West Virginia Business Ready Sites Program as a pilot program, eliminates the cap on the number of sites that may be designated as industrial development sites under the program, and eliminates provisions requiring industrial development sites to be apportioned geographically amongst West Virginia's congressional districts.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Eliminating the requirement that the apprenticeship training tax credit base be limited to wages paid to apprentices in the construction trades. Description: The purpose of this bill is to eliminate the requirement that the apprenticeship training tax credit base be limited to wages paid to apprentices in the construction trades for tax years beginning on and after January 1, 2024.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to statutory construction. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for statutory construction. The bill defines terms. Finally, the bill sets forth authority of the clerks.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To limit the civil liability of child placing agencies that obtain an insurance policy in an amount not less than $1 million per incident. Description: The purpose of this bill is to limit the civil liability of child placing agencies that obtain an insurance policy in an amount not less than $1 million per incident.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Revising the training requirements for members of the Higher Education Policy Commission, Council for Community and Technical College Education and the institutional governing boards. Description: The purpose of this bill is to revise the training requirements for members of the Higher Education Policy Commission, the Council for Community and Technical College Education, and the institutional governing boards.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to a development or improvement on land subject to review by the State Historic Preservation Office. Description: The purpose of this bill is to relate to a development or improvement on land subject to review by the State Historic Preservation Office or by any other agency, office, or component of the Division of Culture and History. The bill establishes that the division shall not add any additional impediment to such review beyond those required by applicable Federal laws, rules, or regulations. Finally, the bill grants rule-making authority.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the creation of the West Virginia Semiquincentennial Commission and Fund. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add the Cabinet Secretary of Economic Development, or a designee to the West Virginia Semiquincentennial Commission.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to probation and parole. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create earned compliance credits for individuals on probation and parole for certain behaviors and actions to incentivize rehabilitation efforts. The bill authorizes supervising officers to recommend rescinding of credit to the court in certain circumstances. Finally, the bill requires the Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation and the Division of Probation Services to provide annual reports to the Legislature.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to probation officer field training. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow the Supreme Court Division of Probation Services to conduct field training for probation officers and to grant a field training officer the same powers as a probation officer while performing his or her duties.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to racetrack video lottery and the Licensed Racetrack Modernization Fund. Description: The purpose of this bill relates to racetrack video lottery. The bill provides for certain transfers to and from the Licensed Racetrack Modernization Fund; specifies the eligible purpose for recoupment of funds on deposit in facility modernization account within the Licensed Racetrack Modernization Fund; and makes the Licensed Racetrack Modernization Fund permanent.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating the veteran preference ratings in state code for state employment. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the veteran preference ratings in state code for state employment.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the transfer of certain revenues derived from lottery activities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to restore moneys previously removed from net terminal income in 2014 and the racetrack video lottery and racetrack table games.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating a workgroup relating to Dig Once Policy. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a work group to create procedures and policies and a plan for the construction of a database with information necessary for infrastructure maintenance and development.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating requirements for use of unmanned aerial vehicles. Description: The purpose of this bill is relating to unmanned aircraft; to add definitions; to require compliance with all federal laws and regulations relating to such vehicles; and create criminal offenses and penalties for certain conduct using an unmanned aircraft system.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Enact the West Virginia Consumer Financial Privacy Act of 2023. Description: The purpose of this bill is to enact the West Virginia Consumer Privacy Act of 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To create the Coal Fired Grid Stabilization and Security Act of 2023. Description: The purpose of this bill is to encourage development, transportation and use of electricity generated using West Virginia coal as the energy source for generating electricity by directing the West Virginia Department of Economic Development to identify and designate sites suitable for coal electric generation facilities and by providing for timely consideration and decision concerning applications for permits to construct and operate coal electric generation facilities and by requiring the Air Quality Board to promptly hear and issue decisions on appeals of permit decisions concerning coal electric generation facilities.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to prohibiting certain foreign ownership of agricultural land. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit certain foreign ownership of land in this state.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To permit joint tenancy with rights of survivorship when transfer on death deeds specify a joint tenancy with right of survivorship. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow death deeds to specify joint tenancy with right of survivorship.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing consumer lenders to permit employees to conduct certain business at locations other than the licenseeís designated office. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit regulated consumer lenders to permit employees to conduct certain business at locations other than the licensee's designated office.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to Miscellaneous Boards and Commissions, Public Service Commission ñ Consumer Advocate Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase existing items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Administration, Office of Technology ñ Chief Technology Officer Administration Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Education, State Board of Education ñ School Lunch Program. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Human Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase existing items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Homeland Security, Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation ñ Regional Jail and Correctional Facility Authority. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, decrease and add new items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Health ñ West Virginia Birth-to-Three Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Veteransí Assistance, Veteransí Facilities Support Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Health ñ West Virginia Safe Drinking Water Treatment. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Health -- West Virginia Safe Drinking Water Treatment, fund 8824, for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Division of Human Services ñ Child Care and Development. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation to the Division of Human Services -- Child Care and Development, fund 8817 account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Agriculture. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Transportation, Division of Motor Vehicles. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Education, State Board of Education ñ Vocational Division. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Division of Health ñ Maternal and Child Health. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Commerce, Division of Natural Resources ñ License Fund ñ Wildlife Resources. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to Miscellaneous Boards and Commissions, Economic Development Authority. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Agriculture ñ West Virginia Spay Neuter Assistance Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to Miscellaneous Boards and Commissions, Public Service Commission. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase existing items of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Education, School Building Authority. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid accounts for the designated spending units for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Health ñ Hospital Services Revenue Account Special Fund Capital Improvement, Renovation and Operations. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Commerce, State Board of Rehabilitation ñ Division of Rehabilitation Services. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds to the Department of Administration, Board of Risk and Insurance Management, Public Entity Insurance Trust Fund. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to expire funds from the aforesaid account to another account in the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing the number of personal leave days that county board of education employees may use. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the number of personal leave days that county board of education employees may use without regard to the cause for the absence from four to five.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to teacher duty-free lunch and daily planning periods. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for uniform procedures, agreement forms and benefits to ensure a teacher's exchange of his or her duty-free lunch to perform duties at the school is a voluntary exchange..
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to classroom teachers and special education classroom teachers individualized education program requirements. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit regular classroom teachers and special education classroom teachers who are required to participate an individualized education program committee from also being required to prepare or reduce to writing the individualized education program plan unless no other professional educator with the knowledge is available.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Provide for criminal history record restrictions for certain persons. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide a procedure for restricting access to criminal history record information of individuals who have been convicted of a crime and pardoned by the Governor.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to per diem jail costs. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide a mechanism for per diem cost sharing between counties and municipalities.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Health and Human Resources. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to student purchase and refunds of course material. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit an institution from assessing a new or increased charge for required course materials to a student unless the institution allows the student to opt of the way the institution permits for the student to obtain the course materials and receive a refund for course materials already purchased.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Uniform Recognition and Enforcement of Canadian Domestic Violence Protective Orders Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a framework by which Canadian domestic violence orders can be recognized, registered, enforced by law enforcement, and enforced by the courts of West Virginia.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Veterans' Assistance. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to defining a newborn safety device. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow for the installation of newborn safety devices at a hospital, medical facility or participating fire department.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to expanding the definitions of land and recreational purposes. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand the definition of "land" and "recreational purposes" to include rock climbing and bouldering activities for purposes of limiting liability of landowners.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the West Virginia Fusion Center. Description: The purpose of this bill is to change the makeup of the Fusion Center Oversight Committee and to provide reporting requirements pertaining to Fusion Center operations as well as any violations of the safeguards provided in this bill.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Human Services. Description: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Human Services
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Division of Human Services - Energy Assistance. Description: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Division of Human Services - Energy Assistance
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Adopt-A-Trail volunteer programs for public land under DNR jurisdiction. Description: Creating Adopt-A-Trail volunteer programs for public land under DNR jurisdiction
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Campus Self-Defense Act. Description: Campus Self-Defense Act
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring certain documents that contain wage records be considered confidential. Description: Requiring certain documents that contain wage records be considered confidential
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to permissible expenditures by Water Development Authority from Infrastructure Fund. Description: Relating to permissible expenditures by Water Development Authority from Infrastructure Fund
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Uniform Controlled Substances Act. Description: Relating to Uniform Controlled Substances Act
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Charter Schools Stimulus Fund. Description: Creating Charter Schools Stimulus Fund
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring one-year residency within district or county to fill vacancy in Legislature. Description: Requiring one-year residency within district or county to fill vacancy in Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring impact statement in certain instances of school closing or consolidation. Description: Requiring impact statement in certain instances of school closing or consolidation
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring work search activities to qualify for unemployment benefits. Description: Requiring work search activities to qualify for unemployment benefits
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing secondary location for racetrack video lottery terminals. Description: Establishing secondary location for racetrack video lottery terminals
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Granting municipal fire marshal authority to assist law-enforcement officer. Description: Granting municipal fire marshal authority to assist law-enforcement officer
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing for substantial deference to State Superintendent's interpretations of school laws. Description: Providing for substantial deference to State Superintendent's interpretations of school laws
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to compensable diseases of certain firefighters covered by workers' compensation. Description: The purpose of this bill is to include three types of cancer for which rebuttable presumption of injury from employment exists for firefighters and provides that the presumption for the three types of cancer expires July 1, 2027, unless extended by the Legislature.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing tactical medical professionals to carry firearms. Description: The purpose of this bill is to define "Tactical medical professional" and authorize that professional to carry a firearm with specific training requirements.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring hospitals to staff qualified personnel to perform sexual assault forensic exams. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require hospitals to staff qualified health care providers trained and properly qualified by The Sexual Assault Forensic Examination Commission to collect sexual assault forensic examination kits.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to distribution of certain taxes and surcharges to benefit fire departments and emergency medical services providers. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for recruitment and retention of volunteer and part volunteer fire departments.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to meetings among county boards of education. Description: The purpose of this bill is to approve meetings among county boards of education to explore and discuss the feasibility of consolidating school districts or sharing certain services.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring persons convicted of certain offenses to undergo psychological or psychiatric testing and have treatment plan to be eligible for probation. Description: Requiring persons convicted of certain offenses to undergo psychological or psychiatric testing and have treatment plan to be eligible for probation
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing procedure for WV to select delegates to Article V Convention. Description: Providing procedure for WV to select delegates to Article V Convention
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying offenses of kidnapping and unlawful restraint. Description: Clarifying offenses of kidnapping and unlawful restraint
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Student Journalist Press Freedom Protection Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Student Journalist Press Freedom Restoration Act, to provide for legislative findings, to require that the West Virginia Department of Education and the West Virginia Higher Education Policy Commission allow for the free expression of student journalists on campuses of middle schools, high schools, and colleges and universities, to provide a framework and parameters for free expression, and to allow for injunctive relief in the event that this article is violated.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating enhanced penalties for fleeing officer. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create second and third offenses for fleeing from an officer.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing child sexual abuse and sexual violence prevention program and in-service training in child sexual abuse prevention. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize a child sexual abuse and sexual violence prevention program and in-service training in child sexual abuse prevention.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Reorganizing DHHR. Description: Reorganizing DHHR
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to reimbursement of hospital inpatient rates by PEIA. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the PEIA plan to reimburse hospitals that provide inpatient care to a nonmandatory permissive participant beneficiary at rates negotiated between the hospital and the plan.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying authority of Governor and Legislature to proclaim and declare state of emergency and preparedness. Description: Clarifying authority of Governor and Legislature to proclaim and declare state of emergency and preparedness
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Limiting gubernatorial authority to spend certain federal funds without appropriation of Legislature. Description: Limiting gubernatorial authority to spend certain federal funds without appropriation of Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Anti-Racism Act of 2023. Description: Anti-Racism Act of 2023
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing municipal fire marshals to receive service weapon upon retirement. Description: Allowing municipal fire marshals to receive service weapon upon retirement
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying criminal offense of harassment. Description: Clarifying criminal offense of harassment
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Adding definition of ìammunitionî for purposes of obtaining state license to carry concealed deadly weapon. Description: Adding definition of ìammunitionî for purposes of obtaining state license to carry concealed deadly weapon
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Protecting consumers against businesses using automatic renewals without consent. Description: Protecting consumers against businesses using automatic renewals without consent
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying secondary sources are not law and public policy of WV in certain instances. Description: Clarifying secondary sources are not law and public policy of WV in certain instances
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring each county BOE to ensure all its meetings are open to public through in-person attendance and broadcast live on its website. Description: Requiring each county BOE to ensure all its meetings are open to public through in-person attendance and broadcast live on its website
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Updating offenses of extortion and attempted extortion. Description: Updating offenses of extortion and attempted extortion
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Adding Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation employees working at certain institutions to WV Emergency Responders Survivor Benefits Act. Description: Adding Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation employees working at certain institutions to WV Emergency Responders Survivor Benefits Act
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying procedures to settle estates of decedents. Description: Modifying procedures to settle estates of decedents
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Adopt-A-Stream Program. Description: Relating to Adopt-A-Stream Program
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing county BOE participating in operation of multicounty vocational center to withdraw. Description: Allowing county BOE participating in operation of multicounty vocational center to withdraw
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying regulations of peer-to-peer car sharing program. Description: Modifying regulations of peer-to-peer car sharing program
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating pilot program for recovery residences in Cabell County. Description: Creating pilot program for recovery residences in Cabell County
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to municipalities required to be represented on county authority boards. Description: Relating to municipalities required to be represented on county authority boards
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting certain organizations from property taxation. Description: Exempting certain organizations from property taxation
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Budget Bill. Description: Budget Bill
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Levying tax on pass-through entity's income. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish allow pass-through entities to elect to be taxed at the entity level and to provide a refundable tax credit to owners or members of an electing pass-through entity on their individual tax returns.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: WV Rail Trails Program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update and correct sections of the West Virginia Rail Trails Program. The bill provides for updated definitions to include a definition of "rail with trail." Finally, the bill addresses railroad liability and safety risk concerns proposed during the 2021 regular legislative session.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing DNR to manage and dispose of property. Description: Authorizing DNR to manage and dispose of property
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing director of DNR to lease state-owned pore spaces in certain areas for carbon sequestration. Description: Authorizing director of DNR to lease state-owned pore spaces in certain areas for carbon sequestration
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: WV Public Employees Retirement Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the maximum compensation that may be earned by certain retired public employees who accept legislative per diem, temporary full-time, or temporary part-time employment from a participating employer without suspending his or her retirement annuity from $20,000 to $30,000 annually.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Glucagon for Schools Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create of the Ready-to-Use Glucagon Rescue Therapies for Schools Act.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making it felony offense for school employee or volunteer to engage in sexual contact with students. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a new criminal offense regarding sexual contact with, sexual intrusion, or sexual abuse of students by a school employee; and listing the penalties for these offenses.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Grid Stabilization and Security Act of 2023. Description: The purpose of this bill is to encourage development, transportation and use of electricity generated using West Virginia natural gas as the energy source for generating electricity by directing the West Virginia Department of Economic Development to identify and designate sites suitable for natural gas electric generation facilities and by providing for timely consideration and decision concerning applications for permits to construct and operate natural gas electric generation facilities and by requiring the Air Quality Board to promptly hear and issue decisions on appeals of permit decisions concerning natural gas electric generation facilities.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to liability for payment of court costs as condition of pretrial diversion agreement. Description: The purpose of this bill is to correct an internal reference in this section to a West Virginia code section governing pretrial diversion agreements. This section requires persons whose criminal case is disposed of by entering a pretrial diversion agreement is liable for court costs.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Uniform Real Property Transfer on Death Act. Description: Relating to Uniform Real Property Transfer on Death Act
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring purchases of certain commodities and services from state use program partners. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require purchases of certain commodities from non profit workshops and requiring the director consult with the Committee on the Purchase of Commodities and Services from the Handicapped in making purchasing decisions.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing leashed dogs to track wounded elk, turkey, and wild boar when hunting. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow leashed dogs to track wounded elk, turkey, bear and wild boar when hunting.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing terms of Natural Resources Commission members from four to seven years. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the appointment term of the director for the Division of Natural Resources from four to seven years.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to registration plates. Description: Relating to registration plates
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to state allocation of funding to regional councils. Description: Relating to state allocation of funding to regional councils
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to criminal justice training for all law-enforcement and correction officers regarding individuals with autism spectrum disorders. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require that all current law-enforcement officers receive the course of basic training for law-enforcement officers, established in this section, as part of their mandated in-service training requirement every three years.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring all schools to instruct students on Holocaust, other genocides and financial literacy. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require courses for all students regarding the Holocaust and other genocides.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Industrial Hemp Development Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for the creation of the Kratom Consumer Protection Act. The bill regulates the preparation, distribution, and sale of kratom products. The bill prohibits the preparation, distribution, and sale of adulterated or contaminated kratom products. The bill prescribes fines and penalties. Finally, the bill provides for the powers and duties of certain state governmental officers and entities.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating adult education taskforce. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the State Superintendent of Schools to create an adult education taskforce to consider options for direct funding of adult education learning centers.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Transferring administration of WV Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer Matching Funds Program to Department of Economic Development. Description: Transferring administration of WV Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer Matching Funds Program to Department of Economic Development
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating study group to make recommendations regarding diversion of persons with disabilities from criminal justice system. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a multi-disciplinary study group to make recommendations regarding the diversion of persons with disabilities from the criminal justice system. The bill promotes appropriate interventions and placements for inmates and persons with disabilities. Finally, the bill develops a plan to coordinate care, treatment, and placement for persons with disabilities in the criminal justice system and in the community.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying uniform statewide deadline for electronically submitted voter registration applications. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the uniform statewide deadline for electronically submitted voter registration applications.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Public Employees Retirement System and State Teachers Retirement System. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide a one-time bonus of $1,500 for certain annuitants; and increasing the minimum monthly benefit for certain annuitants in the Public Employees Retirement System and the State Teachers Retirement System.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring Commissioner of Bureau for Behavioral Health to engage certain providers and leaders to study homeless demographic. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to engage behavioral health and substance use disorder providers, municipal leaders, and county government leaders to study a breakdown of homeless demographic information throughout West Virginia; and report the findings of the study to the President of the Senate, Speaker of the House of Delegates, and the Joint Committee of Finance and Finance.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring state board of examination or registration proceedings to be open to public inspection. Description: Requiring state board of examination or registration proceedings to be open to public inspection
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Patient Brokering Act. Description: Relating to Patient Brokering Act
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring substance use disorder inpatient providers to provide transportation to patients. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require substance use disorder inpatient providers to provide transportation to their patients. The bill prohibits certain marketing or partnering with other states. Finally, the bill requires approval for limitation of eligibility.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making rosters of individuals who obtain professional, occupational, and trade licenses, registrations, and certificates available to public. Description: Making rosters of individuals who obtain professional, occupational, and trade licenses, registrations, and certificates available to public
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Making rules and regulations promulgated by PSC subject to legislative rule-making review procedures. Description: Making rules and regulations promulgated by PSC subject to legislative rule-making review procedures
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Revising membership of Broadband Enhancement Council. Description: Revising membership of Broadband Enhancement Council
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making administrative appeals and judicial review of board action subject to provisions of Administrative Procedures Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make administrative appeals of board action, including judicial review, subject to the "contested cases" provisions of the Administrative Procedures Act, ¬ß9A-5-1 et seq. of West Virginia Code.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying when excess funds accumulated by boards are to be transferred to General Revenue Fund. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide clarification as to when excess funds accumulated by boards are to be transferred to the General Revenue Fund of the State Treasury.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: WV Real Estate License Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend the provisions of the Real Estate License Act to require fees to be deposited into state treasury daily, eliminate certain requirements for application for licensure, modify the qualifications for a broker's license, clarify criminal penalties provisions, repeal an outdated code section, and otherwise update the Act.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring certain drivers display student driver sign on rear of vehicle. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require level one permit holders to display a "Student Driver" sign on the rear of the vehicle.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Displaying official motto of United States in public schools and institutions of higher education. Description: Displaying official motto of United States in public schools and institutions of higher education
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to mandatory state inspection of certain motor vehicles. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require safety inspections for antique motor vehicles and motor vehicles every two years instead of each year.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Eliminating ceiling on fair market value of consumer goods and permitting dealer to require security deposit. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for an increase in the fair market value of those consumer goods subject to the provisions of this article and to permit dealers to collect a security deposit for those items.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing students to transfer schools and retain athletic eligibility. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the procedure for athletic eligibility of transfer students.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting persons who have been convicted of certain crimes against minors from holding positions on boards of education. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit persons who have been convicted of certain crimes against minors from holding positions on boards of education.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating law regarding prior authorizations. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the law regarding prior authorizations. Provide a new definition regarding an episode of care, require the electronic submission of prior authorizations and related communications; include timeframes to streamline the prior authorization process during the process and the appeal process, provide for oversight and enforcement.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to PEIA. Description: The purpose of this bill is to protect solvency of the Public Employees Insurance Agency.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding exemption to permit requirement for cremation. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide an exemption to the required permit for representatives of intuitions charged with arranging final disposition of a decedent who donated his or her body to science. The bill provides that prior to final disposition if the representative is aware of any foul play this must be reported to the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army MSG Jon D. Wayt Memorial Bridge. Description: Jon D. Wayt Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying approval process requirements for First Responders Honor Board. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the approval process requirements for the First Responders Honor Board.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to allocation of child protective workers in counties based upon population of county. Description: The purpose of this bill is to revise requirements regarding the allocation of child protective workers in counties based upon the population of the county. The department shall provide for a redundant system for its centralized intake to provide for a seamless transition in the event of an outage. This system shall all for reporting in the same means in the same means as if the outage had not occurred and no time delay shall occur when the outage take place. The bill provides for data reporting on statistics from the time centralized intake is contacted. The bill creates the Bureau for Social Services and its Commissioner. It gives the Commissioner duties and responsibilities over staff. The bill creates a special merit-based system for critical, high need positions that the Bureau for Social Services has had difficulty filing. This system provides that there can be a pay disparity among regions in the state based upon job demand and market rates and this cannot be subject to a grievance even if it is within the same job classifications.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Third Grade Success Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide early childhood classroom assistant teachers and systems of support to help students achieve grade level literacy and numeracy by end of third grade. The bill replaces a transformative intervention framework with multi-tiered system of support addressing both reading and mathematics. It includes the use of screening and/or benchmark assessments approved by the State Board to be administered three times throughout the school year. The bill specifies the services to be provided to students who exhibit substantial deficiencies on the screening and /or benchmark assessment and the information and notice to the parent or guardian. It requires professional development for the teachers and the training and instruction be provided by education preparation programs that prepare candidates seeking licensure for elementary education. The bill requires the retention in third grade of public-school students who demonstrate minimal grade level understanding and ability in English language arts upon recommendation of teacher and student assistance team, with exceptions. Students starting in the fourth grade who score below proficient in English language arts or mathematics on general summative assessment will continue to be provided intervention until they are grade level proficient. Finally, the bill phases in a requirement for an early childhood classroom assistant teacher in first, second, and third grade classrooms that have more than 12 pupils. Note that requirements currently exist in State Board Policy 2510 for pre-kindergarten and kindergarten classrooms with more than 10 pupils to have an early childhood classroom assistant teacher and these provisions would be added to the statute in this bill. The school aid formula allowance for service personnel is amended to phase in an increase in the number of state funded positions per 1,000 students in net enrollment to provide state funding for the added positions. A new section of code is added which requires early childhood classroom assistant teachers to exercise authority and control over students such as required of a teacher, but only in instances enumerated by the principal and excluding suspensions, expulsions, and performing instructional duties as a teacher.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding State Fire Marshals to statute included with law enforcement and first responders that receive information on school safety requirements. Description: Adding State Fire Marshals to statute included with law enforcement and first responders that receive information on school safety requirements
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Awarding service weapon of retiring State Fire Marshal. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow the State Fire Marshal to award the service weapon of a retiring State Fire Marshal, any full-time deputy fire marshal or any full-time assistant fire marshal employed by the State Fire Marshal to the retiree without charge when the retiring member honorably retires with at least 10 years of service or with less than 10 years of service based upon determination that the retiring employee is totally physically disabled as a result of service with the State Fire Marshal; prohibiting the award of a service weapon to a retiring employee whom the State Fire Marshal knows is prohibited from possessing a firearm, is mentally incapacitated, or a danger to any person or the community; authorizing the sale of service weapons that are taken out of service due to routine wear to any active or retired State Fire Marshal; providing that proceeds from the sales be used to offset the cost of new service weapons; and exempting the sale from the requirements of the Purchasing Division. This bill was recommended for passage in the 2023 regular session by the Department of Homeland Security.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing fees charged by sheriff. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase fees charged by sheriffs and to increase the portion of fees directed to the Deputy Sheriff Retirement Fund.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating WV Guardian Program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the West Virginia Guardian program to provide public safety and/or security on public school grounds and buildings.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Military Incentive Program. Description: Relating to Military Incentive Program
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to dental health care service plans. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for transparency of the expenditure of dental health care plan premiums, and to require annual reports and rebates to patients if the medical loss ratio exceeds a certain percentage.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Health Care Sharing Ministries Freedom to Share Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the "Health Care Sharing Ministries Freedom to Share Act". The bill exempts a health care sharing ministry form the state's insurance laws.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying amount of deputy sheriff annual salary increase. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the annual salary increase amounts that are due to deputy sheriffs.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Extending time that prescription for spectacles remains valid. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend the time that a prescription for spectacles or contact lenses is valid and expand the scope of the section to include prescriptions from ophthalmologists.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Uniform Public Meetings During Emergencies Act. Description: Uniform Public Meetings During Emergencies Act
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Mountain Homes Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the Mountain Homes Act and creating the Mountain Homes Fund to remove barriers to funding for home construction with the goal of promoting a sustainable quality of life for the state's workforce.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to non-federally declared emergencies and non-states of emergency. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that in instances of non-federally declared emergencies and in instances of non-states of emergency that mutual aid agreements can be entered into for reciprocal aid in bordering counties of other states for day-to-day support for fire and emergency medical service calls without the need for approval by the Governor.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to crime of trespass generally. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a new misdemeanor offense of unlawful entry, occupation, or retention of real property.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to law-enforcement training and certification. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the definition of a law-enforcement officer under this article does not include county litter control officers whose authority is limited to issuing citations for open dumps, unlawful disposal of litter, or failure to provide proof of proper disposal of solid waste
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Law Enforcement Safety Act. Description: To enhance and strengthen the safety of law enforcement to make more readily identifiable indexed information included in the NCIC system so that law enforcement is aware of and can be prepared for the dangers involved in interactions with the public in the line of duty.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Violent Crime Prevention Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to strengthen and enhance identification of perpetrators and linkages of committed crimes to provide greater safety within communities.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing Summer Feeding for All Program. Description: Establishing Summer Feeding for All Program
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Homeland Security to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Governor's Committee on Crime to promulgate a legislative rule relating to protocol for law enforcement response to domestic violence.This section is new; therefore,
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Revenue to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Division of Financial Institutions to promulgate a legislative rule relating to money transmission services.This section is new; therefore,
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing DOT to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Division of Motor Vehicles to promulgate a legislative rule relating to administrative due process.This section is new; therefore,
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing miscellaneous boards and agencies to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Board of Accountancy to promulgate a legislative rule relating to board rules of professional conduct.This section is new; therefore,
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Commerce to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the West Virginia Department of Economic Development to promulgate a legislative rule relating to Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer Matching Funds Program.This section is new; therefore,
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing standards for licensure of military trained applicants. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend the professions and occupations licensure provisions for individuals with military training and experience and applicable to military members and their spouses.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring public schools to publish curriculum online at beginning of each new school year. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require schools to publish the adopted, up-to-date classroom curriculum online at the beginning of each school year, or within 30 days of updating or adopting curriculum, to promote transparency in curriculum requirements.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing salary for certain state employees. Description: The purpose of this bill is to raise the salaries of certain state employees including: WV State Police and certain personnel; public school teachers; and school service personnel.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing refundable tax credit applied against personal income tax or corporation net income tax. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize a tax credit against the personal income tax, or the corporation net income tax, as applicable, in the amount of ad valorem property tax timely paid during the income tax taxable year on specified motor vehicles. Specified motor vehicles are limited to Class A, Class B, Class G, Class H, Class T, Class V, and Class X motor vehicles, all-terrain vehicles and utility terrain vehicles. Tax credit is retroactive to taxable years beginning on and after January 1, 2022, and is refundable. See motor vehicle classes:   ACars & TrucksPassenger cars & trucks with a gross weight of 10,000 pounds or less   B TrucksTrucks, truck tractors, or road tractors with a gross weight of 10,001 pounds or more   GMotorcycles (3 wheels or less)Every motorcycle including; motor driven cycles mopeds, having saddle, & no more than 3 wheels   H BusesEvery motor vehicle designed for carrying more than 7 passengers or transportation of persons for compensation, excluding taxicabs   T TrailersTrailers, boat trailers, or semitrailers of a type designed to be drawn by A vehicles with a gross weight of less than 2,000 pounds   V Antique Motor VehiclesAntique motor vehicles are at least 25 years old   XFarm TrucksUsed exclusively for the transportation of farm products & supplies by a farmer
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Banning use of certain products and platforms deemed unsafe or high risk on government systems. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prevent cybersecurity threats to critical government networks and infrastructure by banning the use of certain products and platforms that have been deemed unsafe or high-risk. This bill requires West Virginia government entities to adopt and abide by the standards set forth by the Chief Information Security Officer and stay up to date with federal law and regulations pertaining to cybersecurity threats.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Revising requirements of local school improvement councils. Description: Revising requirements of local school improvement councils
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing statewide health and safety fee for tourism and recreational activities by county commissions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a statewide Health and Safety Fee that would allow visitors to help contribute to the readiness cost of emergency services through a $1.00 per day/activity fee that would be distributed to the counties twice per year.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to State Treasurerís authority to contract with financial institutions for banking goods and services. Description: The purpose of this bill is to ensure that all spending units utilize the State Treasurer's contracts and agreements with financial institutions for banking goods and services.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prompt Payment Act of 2023. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for the prompt payment of legitimate, uncontested invoices by state agencies. The bill provides that registered and qualified vendors shall be entitled to prompt payment upon presentation to a state agency of a legitimate, uncontested invoice. The bill provides for the rate of interest and manner of calculation. The bill determines the date an invoice is considered received by a state agency. The bill outlines the rights of state agencies to receive updated invoices with interest prior to payment. The bill requires state agencies to explain and calculate interest on the payment claim at the time it is submitted to the State Auditor. The bill provides the timeline in which state agencies shall process payments. The bill provides the timeline in which state agencies shall process payments for other agencies. The bill provides for the definition of a state agency. Finally, the bill provides for exceptions.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Return to WV Tax Credit Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for a nonrefundable $25,000 tax credit against state personal income taxes and encourage West Virginians to return to West Virginia to pursue employment opportunities.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing design-build program for DEP. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the speed and dexterity with which the Department of Environmental Protection is able to send out projects related to incoming federal infrastructure grants for bid and to construct those projects within the narrow timeframes allowed by the federal grant administrators. The bill provides a short title; establishes the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection Design-Build Pilot Program; provides for an invitation for bids; and sets forth bid requirements.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing DOH pay current obligations from State Road Fund. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow the Commissioner of Highways to utilize the spending authority of the State Road Fund to pay current obligations by moving spending authority within the fund for a fiscal year. This would give the DOH the same or similar ability to transfer spending authority that other Special Revenue agencies have. When the agency forecasts what funding it will need two years out, the estimates for each appropriation line are not exact. DOH may predict it will need $1 million dollars in maintenance, but halfway through the fiscal year, the need in maintenance may be greater than anticipated. Under this legislation, spending authority can be moved to maintenance from any other appropriation which had been allocated more than will be utilized that fiscal year. The Legislature would approve the overall allocation for the State Road Fund through the annual budget bill and the Division would report the transfers to the Governor and the Legislature.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Directing payment of estate administration fee to State Auditor. Description: Directing payment of estate administration fee to State Auditor
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Transferring moneys in WV Future Fund to General Revenue Fund. Description: Transferring moneys in WV Future Fund to General Revenue Fund
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing methanol and methanol fuel from definition of special fuel. Description: Removing methanol and methanol fuel from definition of special fuel
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating terms for Natural Resources Police Officers Retirement System and retirement systems for charter schools. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add the Natural Resource Police Officers Retirement System and public charter schools for federal pick-up contribution purposes.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Defining medical examination for disability purposes in retirement plans administered by Consolidated Public Retirement Board. Description: The purpose of this bill is to define "medical examination" for disability retirement purposes in retirement plans administered by the Consolidated Public Retirement Board (PERS, DSRS, MPFRS, State Police Plan B, EMSRS, TRS, and NRPORS).
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Teachers Retirement System and Teachersí Defined Contribution Retirement System. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update "electing charter schools" in the Teachers Retirement System (TRS) and Teachers' Defined Contribution Retirement System (TDC); defining "medical examination"; clarifying employers are to notify CPRB if a TRS retirant is re-employed in a permanent position; and permitting PERS members hired on or after July 1, 2023 to only be able to transfer PERS service to TRS if they are a TRS Tier 2 member.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Emergency Medical Services Retirement System. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update definitions regarding county firefighters, medical examinations and 911 personnel, and to add a severability section.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Ensuring retirement contributions and delinquency charges of charter school employees be paid upon school closure or by successor. Description: The purpose of this bill is to ensure the retirement contributions, and delinquency charges if applicable, of charter school employees are paid upon school closure or by a successor.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying certain used car restrictions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify certain used car restrictions.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing certain activities Alcohol Beverage Control Commission licensee is prohibited to permit on private club premises. Description: Removing certain activities Alcohol Beverage Control Commission licensee is prohibited to permit on private club premises
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Setting rate of interest on delinquent retirement contribution submissions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make the delinquency interest rate on delinquent retirement contributions consistent for all plans administered by the CPRB and to specify that employers participating in a retirement plan administered by CPRB may not terminate participation in the retirement system without legislative action.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to WV public employees grievance procedure. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend certain time limits throughout the process, to require a notarized grievance form; outline the grievance motion to dismiss procedure; allow employer to develop procedural policy; require adjudicators at all levels to abide by the Code of Conduct for Administrative Law Judges; require disclosure of representatives of employees; require representatives to disclose each employee being represented; charging annual leave for work hours spent preparing for and attending grievances in excess of four hours; and update language to the current drafting requirements.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying certain guidelines for motor vehicle dealers, distributors, wholesalers, and manufacturers. Description: The purpose of this bill to modify certain guidelines for motor vehicle dealers, distributors, wholesalers and manufacturers.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing validity of CDL instruction permit. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend the validity of the commercial driver's license instruction permit from six months to one year.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing limit on moneys placed in county's rainy day fund. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the maximum amount of money in a county's financial stabilization fund from 30 percent of the county's most recent general fund budget to 50 percent of that fund. This fund is commonly known as a "Rainy Day Fund".
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing county commissioners ongoing mechanism to consider compensation increases for elected officials every two years. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow county commissioners an ongoing mechanism to consider compensation increases for elected county official every two years in an amount up to the increase in the annual Consumer Price Index published by the United States Department of Commerce over the prior two years.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Continuing Cabwaylingo State Forest Trail System. Description: The purpose of this bill is to continue the Cabwaylingo State Forest Trail System.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing funding for CPR instruction to high school students. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a special revenue fund known as the Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation Instruction Fund to provide funding for CPR instruction to high school students.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Making adoption records accessible for medical purposes. Description: The purpose of this bill is to revise current law as it relates to access to adoption records by adoptees in order to make such records accessible for medical purposes. The bill authorizes adult adoptees access to certain records. The bill requires birth parents to provide certain health information at time of adoption. The bill allows birth parents to designate a contact. The bill directs the Department of Health and Human Resources to administer collection of records, require additional information and charge a reasonable fee for records copies. The bill provides a procedure for collection and dissemination of information. The bill authorizes the Department of Health and Human Resources to promulgate legislative rules needed to administer the program.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring municipal pensions oversight board to propose legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the Municipal Pensions Oversight Board to propose legislative rules.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying examinations for disability pensions. Description: The purpose of this bill to modify examinations for the purpose of determining disability pensions.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting managed care contracts from purchasing requirements. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the number of managed care organizations administered by the Bureau of Medical Services in the Mountain Health Trust be set at four. The bill also requires that the organization have an established adult and youth reentry plan for persons released from jail or prison.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Jumpstart Savings Program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify tax provisions related to the Jumpstart Savings Program and expand the occupations and professions in which an individual may incur qualified expenses.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying group accident and sickness insurance requirements. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the five-year waiting period and 100-person minimum for an association health plan, and to allow new flexibility granted under federal rules.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending sunset provision of Upper Kanawha Valley Resiliency and Revitalization Program. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend the sunset provision of the Upper Kanawha Valley Resiliency and Revitalization program.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing correctional institutions and juvenile facilities video and audio records be confidential. Description: The purpose of this bill is to deem correctional institutions and juvenile facilities video and audio recordings records and reports to be confidential; creating exceptions to confidentiality; requiring court orders directly disclosure to contain a provision limiting disclosure to the purposes necessary to the proceeding; prohibiting unauthorized use and publication; and defining terms.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army PFC Herman H. Lucas Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army PFC Herman H. Lucas Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying terms and offense of human smuggling. Description: The purpose of this bill relates to human smuggling. The bill amends and clarifies definitions; and prohibits the offense of human smuggling.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending additional modification reducing federal adjusted gross income. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend the additional modification reducing federal adjusted gross income.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Aligning state and federal accreditation rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow higher education institutions to use any nationally recognized accrediting agencies for their accreditation.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring BOE provide free feminine hygiene products in certain grades. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require county boards of education to provide free, discrete access to feminine hygiene products in grades 3 through 12 to female students that do not otherwise have access to the feminine hygiene products.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Patrol Officer Cassie Marie Johnson Memorial Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the offense of knowingly and willfully obstructing a law enforcement officer, probation officer, parole officer, courthouse security officer, correctional officer, the State Fire Marshal, a deputy or assistant fire marshal, firefighter, or emergency medical service personnel engaged in their official duties and thereby proximately causing the death of the person acting in his or her official capacity. The bill establishes the penalty therefor.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Exempting WV veterans from certain fees and charges at state parks. Description: The purpose of this bill is to exempt West Virginia veterans from certain charges and fees at state parks.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army SGT Vincent DiBacco Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army SGT Vincent DiBacco Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to Department of Administration, Office of Secretary. Description: The purpose of this supplemental appropriation bill is to add a new item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying reporting and disclosure requirements for grassroots lobbying expenditures. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify reporting thresholds and donor disclosure requirements for the purposes of grass roots lobbying expenditures.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to BOE, Department of Education. Description: Supplementing and amending appropriations to BOE, Department of Education
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying procedure for administrative dissolution of corporations by Secretary of State. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the procedure for the Secretary of State to provide notice of pending and final administrative dissolution proceedings against corporations.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying deadline to file annual report for companies authorized to do business in WV. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the deadline for annual report filing with the Secretary of State for corporations, limited partnerships, domestic limited liability partnerships, and foreign limited liability companies engaged or authorized to do business in West Virginia.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to requirements for disclosure of donor contributions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify reporting thresholds and donor disclosure requirements for purposes of making contributions to membership organization political action committees, independent expenditures and electioneering communications.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 23, 2023, as WV Tourism Day at Legislature. Description: Designating January 23, 2023, as WV Tourism Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allocating percentage of county excise taxes for funding improvements to election administration. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allocate a percentage of county excise taxes received from transfers of title to real estate in each county for funding improvements to election administration, infrastructure, and physical and cyber security; allocate a percentage of county excise taxes received from transfers of title to real estate in each county for funding other county purposes including but not limited to compliance with the Uniform Real Property Electronic Recording Act; authorize the Secretary of State to promulgate legislative rules establishing minimum adequate funding thresholds and standards based on county classification for improving election administration, infrastructure, and security; and authorize county clerks to reallocate the excess portion of funding for improving election administration, infrastructure, and security to other approved county purposes upon determination by the Secretary of State that the minimum funding thresholds and standards have been met.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying purpose and use of Economic Development Project Fund. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide funding for infrastructure and economic development; clarify the purposes and use of the Economic Development Project Fund; provide that funds may be used solely for loans; provide for repayment of loans, and provide that a maximum amount of $200 million of the funds may be used for financing high impact development projects.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Including Alzheimer's disease in existing public health programs. Description: The purpose of this bill is to include Alzheimer's disease in existing public health programs.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing family members of military personnel access to discharge records. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow the family members of persons discharged from the United States Armed Forces to view or obtain, free of charge, copies of the discharge certificate or report of separation from active duty.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing businesses to register as limited liability limited partnerships. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow a more accurate business suffix to allow businesses to register as LLLPs and L.L.L.P.s in order to be consistent across the different states in which they are registered to do business.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Sex Offender Registration Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the crime of soliciting a minor; provide penalties; and require that the offender register on the sex offender registry.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to limitations on motor vehicle used by nonprofit cooperative recycling associations. Description: The purpose of this bill is to strike from the code the requirement that recycling co-ops be limited to the use of one motor vehicle for the purpose of collection and transportation of recyclable goods.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to nonintoxicating beer, nonintoxicating craft beer, cider, wine, and liquor license requirements. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand and clarify amendments to the code made in HB 4848 passed during the 2022 Legislative Regular Session. The bill edits nonintoxicating beer, nonintoxicating craft beer, cider, wine, and liquor license requirements which are permitted under the 21st Amendment to the US Constitution and the W. Va. Const Art, VI, ¬ß46; to promote tourism in the state by permitting authorized brewers, resident brewers, wineries, farm wineries, distilleries, mini-distilleries, and micro-distilleries a limited off-site retail privilege at private fair and festivals for off-premises consumption sales for nonintoxicating beer, nonintoxicating craft beer, cider, wine, and liquor manufactured by the brewers, resident brewers, wineries, farm wineries, distilleries, mini-distilleries, and micro-distilleries, certain license requirements, requiring payment of taxes, fees and markups, and no license fee; clarifying nonintoxicating beer and retail liquor outlet license requirements; permitting multiple places of manufacture for certain brewers or resident brewers; clarifying that the statute applying to distilleries and mini-distilleries also applies to micro-distilleries; clarifying that tamper evident sealed beer growlers may include a mix of ice and water to create beer slushies; clarifying places of manufacture for resident brewers based on manufacturing capacity or volume; clarifying that license applicants can utilize a trust subject to certain disclosure requirements that exempt the trust instrument from FOIA; clarifying that exotic entertainment facility applicants and licensees are licensed as various private club license types and are treated equally by being charged the same private club license type license fee; clarifying exotic entertainment; creating a private coliseum or center license, requirements, permitting dually licensed events, and a license fee; clarifying dual licensing requirements and authorization for private fair and festivals and private coliseums or centers to conduct dual licensed events, requirements, and no license fee; permitting private fairs and festivals to conduct on-premises consumption sales with certain requirements; permitting private fairs and festivals to allow authorized brewers, resident brewers, wineries, farm wineries, distilleries, mini-distilleries, and micro-distilleries to conduct limited off-premises consumption retail sales with certain requirements while using a booth on the private fair and festival's licensed premises; and permitting a licensed private wine restaurant to have a separately licensed but connected licensed wine specialty shop.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing state and subdivisions to negotiate price for construction when all bids received exceed maximum budget. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the state and its subdivisions to negotiate lower prices for construction when all bids received exceed the maximum budget.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating misdemeanor offense of willfully urinating or defecating in public. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the crime of public urination and defecation.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing for election reforms. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for election reforms. The bill clarifies contents of a certificate of announcement. The bill clarifies the timing of a challenge to candidate qualifications. Finally, the bill limits the authority of political parties to fill vacancies in a nomination caused by voluntary withdrawal.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing rule-making changes to terms, procedures and reporting duties in higher education. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize rulemaking changes to the terms used, procedure, and reporting duties in higher education.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing power purchase agreement cap. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the PPA cap from 500 kW to 1,000 kW.West Virginia Code ¬ß4-2-1 was amended by two bills passed during the 2021 Regular Session of the Legislature. The earlier act, House Bill 2969 (passed on April 7, 2021) amended West Virginia Code ¬ß4-2-1 in subsection 10 relating to toll bridges. This one sentence change was the only substantive change. The later of the two acts, House Bill 3310 (passed on April 9, 2021), amended West Virginia Code ¬ß4-2-1 in a more substantive fashion. The two versions of this section have been merged into this bill.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding and removing certain compounds from controlled substance list. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add certain compounds to the schedule I, II, IV, and V controlled substances list and remove a substance from the schedule V list.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing penalties for drug possession and updating list of offenses. Description: The purpose of this bill is to enhance the penalties for drug offenses and to match the federal drug offenses penalties.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying what parties can redeem delinquent property and limiting those entitled to bid. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify what parties are entitled to redeem delinquent property and limit those that are entitled to bid on delinquent property at public auction.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to abortion. Description: The purpose of this bill is to normalize definitions with more recently passed abortion legislation, expand requirements for informed consent, remove liability protection for a physician regarding the prescribing of non-FDA approved drug therapy, require the Department of Health and Human resources to place enhanced information on its web page, and administrative penalties for licensed medical professionals knowingly and willfully violating article.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing for evaluation of prequalified bidders to be based on best value. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow for a best value procurement evaluation for prequalified bidders.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Exempting purchases made by Auditor and WV Enterprise Resource Planning Board from certain provisions of WV code. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow the exemption of the Auditor's Office and the West Virginia Enterprise Resource Planning Board from certain provisions of the West Virginia Code at the Auditor's and Enterprise Resource Planning Board's discretion.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to composition of congressional districts. Description: Relating to composition of congressional districts
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting law-enforcement agencies from posting booking photographs of certain criminal defendants on social media. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit law enforcement agencies of the state from posting the booking photographs of certain criminal defendants on social media.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to spousal privilege. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand the exceptions to spousal privilege to exclude therefrom cases in which the offense at issue was committed against any child rather than a child of one or both spouses.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to administration of WV Drinking Water Treatment Revolving Fund Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to relate to the administration of the West Virginia Drinking Water Treatment Revolving Fund. The bill modifies the Water Development Authority and Water Development Board. The bill removes a reference of the federal Safe Drinking Water Act from an area of code. The bill provides for the state administration of the federal Safe Drinking Water Act. Finally, the bill transfers state administration of the West Virginia Drinking Water Treatment Revolving Fund from the Department of Health and Human Resources to the Department of Environmental Protection.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Dangerousness Assessment Advisory Board. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the board's primary purpose; declare that the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services has no supervisory authority over the board; and authorizes the board, in its discretion, to assist.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 14, 2023, as National Donor Day at Legislature. Description: Recognizing February 14, 2023, as National Donor Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Reforming cause of action for public nuisance. Description: The purpose of this bill is to codify the common law cause of action of public nuisance in a manner consistent with its originally intended and historical applications.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to child support guidelines and Support Enforcement Commission. Description: The purpose of this bill is to revise the definition of attributed support, update the basic child support guidelines, and the calculation of ability to pay.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Securities Restitution Assistance Fund for victims of securities violations. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize restitution to victims of securities fraud and to create a fund for that purpose.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reducing copay cap on insulin and devices and permitting purchase of testing equipment without prescription. Description: The purpose of this bill is to reduce the copay cap on insulin and devices and permitting testing equipment to be purchased without a prescription.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing payment to vendors who provided services to state. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide payment to certain vendors who provided commodities and/or services to the state, but who were not paid because the agency reached its budget limit.  Total amount from General Revenue: $16,219.58
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing election for special levy renewal. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize a special election for presenting the question of a special levy renewal for levies expiring prior to July 1, 2024; and to authorize the resubmission of questions to the voters at a regularly scheduled primary or general election for certain levy questions rejected at a prior election.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Amending provisions of 2023 Farm Bill. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend provisions to the 2023 Farm Bill, including definition of terms, transfer of land owned by the Department of Agriculture, membership and compensation of the board of review, and promulgation of rules.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 14, 2023, as Child Care Day at Legislature. Description: Designating February 14, 2023, as Child Care Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting county commissions from adopting any authorization that exceeds state law regarding agricultural operations. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit county commissions from adopting any ordinance, rule, license requirement, or other authorization that exceeds state law, rule, or regulation regarding agricultural operations. The bill revokes any ordinance, rule, or regulation previously adopted by county commissions regarding agricultural operations. The bill prohibits county commissions from adopting any ordinance, rule, regulation, or other authorization that applies to use of federal or state pesticides, herbicides, or insecticides. The bill prohibits county commissions from adopting ordinances that regulate dwellings or other buildings on agricultural land or operations; requiring appointment of at-large member on county enforcement agency to have background or knowledge of agricultural operations. The bill clarifies that authorization of public health official to obtain nuisance injunction does not apply to agricultural operations.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services Retirement System Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to transfer existing 911 Personnel from the Public Employees Retirement System to the Emergency Medical Services Retirement System.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing counties and municipalities to jointly undertake development projects. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow counties and municipalities the opportunity to jointly undertake economic development projects and to allow a pro rata share in costs and revenues generated from said economic development projects. This would facilitate more cooperation between economic development authorities in areas of the state where geographic constraints may prevent a multiple-county undertaking, though municipalities are able to contribute resources to the project.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Mandating cost of living salary adjustment policy for state employees. Description: The purpose of this bill is to mandate executive branch agencies, the State Police, and county boards of education develop and implement an area cost-of-living salary adjustment program by no later than July 1, 2025. The bill sets out the terms that any such policy shall, at a minimum, include. The bill further provides that no private cause of action or right to grievance shall arise as a result of enactment or operation of this policy.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Specifying fairness in cost sharing calculations for certain high deductible health plans. Description: The purpose of this bill is to relate to fairness in cost-sharing calculations for certain Health Savings Account-qualified High Deductible Health Plans.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying payment for housing and maintenance of inmates. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify payment for housing and maintenance of inmates. The bill establishes a means of calculating fees. The bill provides for a reduced rate in certain circumstances. The bill provides for an enhanced rate in certain circumstances. The bill provides for recalculation every decennial. The bill requires publication on the agency webpage. The bill establishes an effective date. Finally, the bill provides for official and personal liability for payment.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing Workforce WV to hire classified service exempt employees. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit the Commissioner of Workforce West Virginia to hire up to 200 exempt employees.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Enabling WVSU and Bluefield State University to offer associate degrees. Description: The purpose of this bill is to enable Bluefield State University and West Virginia State University to offer associate degrees on their campus.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 16, 2023, as WVSU Day at Legislature. Description: Designating February 16, 2023, as WVSU Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring state medical examiner to enter into contracts with procurement organization. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the state medical examiner to enter into contracts with a procurement organization to facilitate anatomical gifts.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Correcting list of items which are considered deadly weapons. Description: The purpose of this bill is to correct the partial list of items which are considered deadly weapons.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Obtaining approval for decommissioning or deconstructing of existing power plant. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for the approval of decommissioning or deconstructing of an existing power plant.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to certificates of need. Description: The purpose of this bill is to exempt hospitals providing defined hospital services from certificate of need requirements.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: WV Veterans' Home Loan Mortgage Program of 2023. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the West Virginia Veterans' Home Loan Mortgage Program of 2023
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Intellectual and Development Disabilities Waiver Program Workforce Study. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the Commissioner of the Bureau for Medical Services to produce a report to determine the recommended levels of reimbursement for home and community-based providers that service Intellectual/Developmental Disability (I/DD) patients.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing teachers in public schools to teach intelligent design. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow teachers in public schools, including public charter schools, that include any one or more of grades Kindergarten through 12 to teach intelligent design as a theory of how the universe and/or humanity came to exist.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing maximum number of registered voters per precinct and distance between polling places. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the distance between existing polling places that may be considered for consolidation into a single precinct, and increasing the maximum allowed number or registered voters per precinct.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring sheriff to serve child abuse and neglect petitions. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the sheriff serve child abuse and neglect petitions without additional compensation.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring certain transcripts to be accepted as record of student's performance for placement in micro school programs. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require certain transcripts or credentials to be accepted as record of students previous performance for placement and credit assignment for microschool programs.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Revising provisions related to public charter schools. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify provisions related to public charter schools in response to issues during the initial implementation and to clarify their access to other sources of public school funding. The funding issues include eligibility for funding from the School Safety Fund and codifying a requirement for a State Board rule on providing increased enrollment funding for public charter schools. The bill provides for invoicing to ensure that certain funding follows the student when students transfer to and from noncharter and charter public schools after the beginning of the school year. It also authorizes the Professional Charter School Board to receive and expend gifts, grants, and donations to carry out purposes of act, to apply for federal funds to implement programs, and to make start-up grants to public charter schools.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing auto-renewal program for wildlife licenses. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish an auto-renewal licensing program that is eligible for discounts on licensing fees.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating offense of knowingly and willfully obstructing social service worker. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create the criminal offense of knowingly and willfully obstructing a social service worker, a person acting in his or her official capacity.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Raising a Joint Assembly to hear remarks of the Governor. Description: Raising a Joint Assembly to hear remarks of the Governor
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating administration, funding, and requirements for federal elections held in WV. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expend federal appropriations from Congress to the Secretary of State for purposes that further the administration of federal elections held in the state, payable from the County Assistance Voting Equipment Fund; clarify the uniform statewide deadline for electronically submitted voter registration applications and change the deadline by which county clerks must report voter participation history after an election into the statewide voter registration system from 120 days to 80 days after an election; make procedures for election contests before a special court applicable to contested elections of certain judges; changing jurisdiction of election contests for county, district, and municipal elections to the circuit courts; requiring a recount proceeding to be completed before filing certain election contests; and clarify the amendments made to ¬ß3-10-3 by HB 4785 (2022), which changed the timeframe in subsection (d) for filling vacancies in all judicial offices from two to three years.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring prompt appearances for persons detained on capiases. Description: The purpose of this bill relates to the failure to appear. It requires prompt appearances for persons detained on capiases; provides procedures for issuing bench warrants for nonappearance at scheduled court hearings; allows a grace period after a failure to appear to allow a defendant to appear; provides procedures following execution of bench warrants for nonappearance; and requires courts to ensure that inactive capiases are removed from law enforcement databases.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing value at which municipal property must be sold through public auction. Description: The purpose of this bill is to increase the value at which municipal property must be sold through public auction and allowing for the negotiated sale of real property to adjacent property owners.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Updating language and increasing penalties for indecent exposure. Description: The purpose of this bill is to change language concerning indecent exposure and increase the penalties associated with it.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying when magistrate vacancies shall be filled. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the amendments made to this section by HB 4785 (2022), which changed the timeframe in subsection (d) for filling vacancies in all judicial offices from two to three years.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Updating contested elections procedures. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make procedures for election contests before a special court applicable to contested elections of certain judges; changing jurisdiction of election contests for county, district, and municipal elections to the circuit courts; requiring a recount proceeding to be completed before filing certain election contests.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating emeritus physician license. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create an emeritus physician license for retired physicians. The bill provides that when granted, a license is valid for life, unless revoked by the West Virginia Board of Medicine.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to substantiation of abuse and neglect allegations. Description: The purpose of this bill is to change the amounts of time a name will appear on the child abuse registry for various offenses.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Berkeley County Council to change its name to Berkeley County Commission. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Berkeley County Commission to change its name to the Berkeley County Commission.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing physician assistants to own practice. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow physician assistants to own a practice. This bill also allows the West Virginia Board of Medicine to deny a license or other authorization to physician assistants who make unlawful referrals where that physician assistant has a proprietary interest. It provides that the term "physician assistant" is synonymous with
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Verifying legal employment status of workers to governmental agencies. Description: The purpose of this bill is to verify the legal employment status of all persons who come into their employ and to report their employment to the appropriate governmental agencies. The bill defines "E-Verify", the electronic verification of federal employment authorization program of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996, and provides that unauthorized workers employment is prohibited.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: WV Long-Term Care Insurance Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for prohibitions regarding long term care insurance and provide for an effective date.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing aggravated felony offense of reckless driving resulting in death. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish the aggravated criminal offense of reckless driving resulting in death, establish the related penalty, and make several non-substantive technical corrections.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying preferential recall rights for employees sustaining compensable injury. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the preferential recall rights for employees sustaining a compensable injury.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending licensure requirements for massage therapist. Description: The purpose of this bill is to amend the requirements for licensure as a massage therapist and establish a massage establishment license. Course work hours are amended to conform with the massage therapy interstate compact being considered nationally and in alignment with the course work required by WV Massage Therapy instructional programs. This bill further provides for the licensure of massage establishments.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Placing cap on maximum penalty that may be imposed for first-degree robbery. Description: The purpose of this bill is to place a cap on the maximum penalty--50 years-- that can be imposed upon conviction for first-degree robbery.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing statutory recognition and appointment of board members for WV First Foundation. Description: The purpose of this bill to provide statutory recognition of the creation of the West Virginia First Foundation pursuant to the terms of the West Virginia First Memorandum of Understanding and to authorize the appointment of board members to the West Virginia First Foundation by the Governor and Regional authorities.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring report on Medicaid fees and managed care provider reimbursements compared to PEIA, Medicare, and surrounding states. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require a report on Medicaid fees for service and managed care provider reimbursements compared to PEIA, Medicare and surrounding states.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying role and responsibilities of State Resiliency Officer. Description: The purpose of this bill relates to the West Virginia Disaster Recovery Trust Fund and clarifies the roles and responsibilities of the State Resiliency Officer. The bill requires the State Resiliency Officer to submit a new Flood Resiliency Plan by a date certain and then biannually thereafter; directs the State Resiliency Officer to hire additional staff; removes the West Virginia Disaster Recovery Trust Fund from the jurisdiction of the Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Management; provides initial capital for the State Resiliency Office; allows for disbursement of post-disaster recovery assistance; requires that 50 percent of disbursements be expended to benefit low-income communities; requires resilience and mitigation certifications prior to disbursement to political subdivisions; requires the State Resiliency Officer to develop an annual expenditure report; establishes the West Virginia Resiliency Trust Fund within the State Resiliency and Flood Protection Act; requires 50 percent of disbursements be expended to implement nature-based solutions; allows for grants to political subdivisions for both Flood Resiliency Plan implementation and local flood prevention and protection studies; and requires 25 percent of Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery Funds received by the state as a result of a flood disaster to be deposited in the Flood Resiliency Trust Fund.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding appropriations to DHHR, Division of Human Services. Description: The purpose of this bill is to add a new item of appropriation to the Department of Health and human Resources, Division of Human Services.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring Office of Inspector General to promulgate rules concerning location of forensic group homes. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the Office of Inspector General to promulgate rules concerning the location of forensic group homes.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying that juvenile competency determination process extends to status offenders. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that the juvenile competency determination process extends to status offenders.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing BOE to hire retired teachers to assist with tutoring. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow county boards of education to contract with retired teachers to provide tutoring services in reading and math to support the need of one-on-one intervention for students; stating purpose; authorizing county to enter a contract with retired teacher; defining terms; providing tutor eligibility requirements; providing exclusions from eligibility; liability; and providing miscellaneous provisions regarding program.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expanding authority of Legislative Oversight Commission on Health and Human Resources Accountability. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand the authority of the Legislative Oversight Commission on Health and Human Resources Accountability Commission, to give authority for routine, and as needed reports and to describe how these reports are to be submitted.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting insurer from imposing copayment for certain services. Description: Prohibiting insurer from imposing copayment for certain services
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to wildlife licenses and stamps. Description: Relating to wildlife licenses and stamps
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring adoption of cloud computing services by state agencies. Description: Requiring adoption of cloud computing services by state agencies
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying department responsible for administration of certain programs. Description: Clarifying department responsible for administration of certain programs
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services Act. Description: Emergency Medical Services Act
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Equipment Right to Repair Act. Description: Equipment Right to Repair Act
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to moratorium on carbon capture agreements. Description: Relating to moratorium on carbon capture agreements
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to compensation and expense reimbursement for members of Legislature. Description: Relating to compensation and expense reimbursement for members of Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adoption of the House Rules. Description: Adoption of the House Rules
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Publication of the Acts of the Legislature, Journals of the House, Manual of the House and Senate, and payment of travel expenses. Description: Publication of the Acts of the Legislature, Journals of the House, Manual of the House and Senate, and payment of travel expenses
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the appointment of employees for this, the First Regular Session of the Eighty-sixth Legislature, 2023. Description: Authorizing the appointment of employees for this, the First Regular Session of the Eighty-sixth Legislature, 2023
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To honor the life of Nicholas County Deputy Sheriff Thomas ìTomî Baker.. Description: To honor the life of Nicholas County Deputy Sheriff Thomas ìTomî Baker.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reaffirming the longstanding sisterhood partnership between West Virginia and Taiwan.. Description: Reaffirming the longstanding sisterhood partnership between West Virginia and Taiwan.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Encouraging Monongahela Power to purchase Pleasants Power Station. Description: Encouraging Monongahela Power to purchase Pleasants Power Station
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging the West Virginia Geologic and Economic Survey to work with groups to evaluate policy options to encourage the capture and beneficial use of coal mine methane. Description: Urging the West Virginia Geologic and Economic Survey to work with groups to evaluate policy options to encourage the capture and beneficial use of coal mine methane
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Medal of Valor nominee Firefighter John Dean Forbush. Description: Medal of Valor nominee Firefighter John Dean Forbush
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Medal of Valor nomination of Deputy Thomas E. Baker, III. Description: Medal of Valor nomination of Deputy Thomas E. Baker, III
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Medal of Valor nominee, WV State Police Trooper Eric Michael Workman.. Description: Medal of Valor nominee, WV State Police Trooper Eric Michael Workman.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Medal of Valor nomination of WV State Police Corporal Marshall Lee Bailey. Description: Medal of Valor nomination of WV State Police Corporal Marshall Lee Bailey
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Medal of Valor nomination of retired Roane County Sheriffís Deputy John Westfall.. Description: Medal of Valor nomination of retired Roane County Sheriffís Deputy John Westfall.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Medal of Valor nominee, James W. Spencer of the Charleston Fire Department.. Description: Medal of Valor nominee, James W. Spencer of the Charleston Fire Department.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Medal of Valor nomination of Patrolman Cassie Marie Johnson.. Description: Medal of Valor nomination of Patrolman Cassie Marie Johnson.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adopting Rules of Senate. Description: Adopting Rules of Senate
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing mailing of bills and journals. Description: Authorizing mailing of bills and journals
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing appointment of Senate employees. Description: Authorizing appointment of Senate employees
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: WV Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Description: WV Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Honoring public service of Dr. Richard Lechliter for Mineral County Day. Description: Honoring public service of Dr. Richard Lechliter for Mineral County Day
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating Bob Huggins on his induction into Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Description: Congratulating Bob Huggins on his induction into Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 17, 2023, as Girl Scouts Day. Description: Designating January 17, 2023, as Girl Scouts Day
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 17, 2023, as Tucker County Day. Description: Designating January 17, 2023, as Tucker County Day
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 18, 2023, as Jan Lilly-Stewart Disability Advocacy Day. Description: Designating January 18, 2023, as Jan Lilly-Stewart Disability Advocacy Day
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing WV Sheriffs at Legislature on January 20, 2023. Description: Recognizing WV Sheriffs at Legislature on January 20, 2023
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Commemorating 77th Southern Legislative Conference of Council of State Governments Southern Office. Description: Commemorating 77th Southern Legislative Conference of Council of State Governments Southern Office
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Observing 90th Anniversary of Holodomor Ukrainian Genocide of 1932-1933. Description: Observing 90th Anniversary of Holodomor Ukrainian Genocide of 1932-1933
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 25, 2023, as Aviation Day at Legislature. Description: Designating January 25, 2023, as Aviation Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 26, 2023, as Hunger-Free WV Day at Legislature. Description: Designating January 26, 2023, as Hunger-Free WV Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 30, 2023, as Future Farmers of America Day at Legislature. Description: Designating January 30,2023, as Future Farmers of America Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating Kevin Gregory as WV Outstanding Tree Farmer of 2022. Description: Congratulating Kevin Gregory as WV Outstanding Tree Farmer of 2022
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 31, 2023, as WVU Day at Legislature. Description: Designating January 31, 2023, as WVU Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 31, 2023, as WV Academy of Family Physicians' Day at Legislature. Description: Designating January 31, 2023, as WV Academy of Family Physicians' Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Leadership Jefferson for its service, dedication, and commitment to Jefferson County. Description: Recognizing Leadership Jefferson for its service, dedication, and commitment to Jefferson County
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 1, 2023, as National Unclaimed Property Day at Legislature. Description: Designating February 1, 2023, as National Unclaimed Property Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 1, 2023, as Marshall University Day at Legislature. Description: Designating February 1, 2023, as Marshall University Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 3, 2023, as WV Homeschool Day at Legislature. Description: Designating February 3, 2023, as WV Homeschool Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 6, 2023, as Domestic Violence Awareness Day in WV. Description: Designating February 6, 2023, as Domestic Violence Awareness Day in WV
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 7, 2023, as Sexual Assault Awareness Day at Legislature. Description: Designating February 7, 2023, as Sexual Assault Awareness Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 8, 2023, as Crime Victims Day at Legislature. Description: Designating February 8, 2023, as Crime Victims Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing essential role court appointed special advocates provide to WV children. Description: Recognizing essential role court appointed special advocates provide to WV children
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Strongly encouraging Monongahela Power Company to purchase Pleasants Power Station. Description: Strongly encouraging Monongahela Power Company to purchase Pleasants Power Station
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 17, 2023, as Adventure Travel Day at Legislature. Description: Recognizing February 17, 2023, as Adventure Travel Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Society of Honor Guard, Tomb of Unknown Soldier. Description: Recognizing Society of Honor Guard, Tomb of Unknown Soldier
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 20, 2023, as Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Day at Legislature. Description: Designating February 20, 2023, as Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing sister-state relationship between WV and Taiwan. Description: Recognizing sister-state relationship between WV and Taiwan
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 24, 2023, as Corrections Day at Legislature. Description: Designating February 24, 2023, as Corrections Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 24, 2023, as WV Motorsports Day at Legislature. Description: Recognizing February 24, 2023, as WV Motorsports Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 27, 2023, as Human Resources Day at Legislature. Description: Designating February 27, 2023, as Human Resources Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Leadership Berkeley for its services, dedication, and commitment to Berkeley County, WV. Description: Recognizing Leadership Berkeley for its services, dedication, and commitment to Berkeley County, WV
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing contributions of AARP WV. Description: Recognizing contributions of AARP WV and its Capitol Advocacy Team of volunteers to betterment of our state and its people
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 27, 2023, as Rare Disease Awareness Day at Legislature. Description: Designating February 27, 2023, as Rare Disease Awareness Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing 151st anniversary of Glenville State University. Description: Recognizing 151st anniversary of Glenville State University
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing 50th anniversary of National Wild Turkey Federation. Description: Recognizing 50th anniversary of National Wild Turkey Federation
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating March 7, 2023, as Deaf Awareness Day at Legislature. Description: Designating March 7, 2023, as Deaf Awareness Day at Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing March as American Red Cross month. Description: Recognizing March as American Red Cross month
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating March 9, 2023, as Recovery Community Day. Description: Designating March 9, 2023, as Recovery Community Day
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of John Edward Eckhart, Jr, husband, father, grandfather, Fiscal Officer for WV Senate and dedicated public servant. Description: Memorializing life of John Edward Eckhart, Jr, husband, father, grandfather, Fiscal Officer for WV Senate and dedicated public servant
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging WV congressional delegation support railroad safety improvement. Description: Urging WV congressional delegation support railroad safety improvement
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army PFC Walter C. Horner Memorial Bridge. Description: PFC Walter C. Horner Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Shelby ìCubbyî Foster and Robert ìRobbieî Collins Memorial Road. Description: Shelby ìCubbyî Foster and Robert ìRobbieî Collins Memorial Road
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Higher Education Consortium for Emerging Energy Technologies. Description: Relating to Higher Education Consortium for Emerging Energy Technologies
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting that the Division of Highways place roadway welcome signs containing the phrase ìWest Virginia a Purple Heart Stateî. Description: To place Purple Heart Signs at the entrances to the state.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Make 2nd week of February of every year a week of recognition of the Boy Scouts of America.. Description: Make 2nd week of February of every year a week of recognition of the Boy Scouts of America.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Stanley W. and Evelyn C. See Memorial Bridge. Description: Stanley and Evelyn See Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting That the Joint Committee on Government and Finance send official correspondence to West Virginiaís federal delegations stating West Virginia veteransí concerns and objections to the two TRICARE for Life (ìTFLî) proposals. Description: Requesting That the Joint Committee on Government and Finance send official correspondence to West Virginiaís federal delegations stating West Virginia veteransí concerns and objections to the two TRICARE for Life (ìTFLî) proposals
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U. S. Army Staff Sgt. James Ira ìJuniorî Spurrier Memorial Bridge. Description: Staff Sgt. J.J. ìJuniorî Spurrier Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Michael Lee ìRubeî Ruben Memorial Bridge. Description: Michael Lee ìRubeî Ruben Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Army T/5 Doyle Bedell Taylor Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Army T/5 Doyle Bedell Taylor Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Army SGT Theron Turner Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Army SGT Theron Turner Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Dividing state into senatorial districts. Description: Dividing state into senatorial districts
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Marine Corps, PFC John Louis ìJohnnyî Brumbaugh, Jr. Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Marine Corps, PFC John Louis ìJohnnyî Brumbaugh, Jr. Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Army SGT Samuel D. Roberts Sr. Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Army SGT Samuel D. Roberts Sr. Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Joint Committee on Government and Finance study all benefits of state employees to determine which benefits, if any, may be refused by an employee in exchange for a cash equivalent.. Description: Requesting Joint Committee on Government and Finance study all benefits of state employees to determine which benefits, if any, may be refused by an employee in exchange for a cash equivalent.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Terra Dawn Lewis Memorial Road and Bridge. Description: Terra Dawn Lewis Memorial Road and Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending Joint Rule 13 of the Joint Rules of the Senate and House that clarifies that when two or more bills amending the same statute are passed in the same session, the last passed controls. Description: Amending Joint Rule 13 of the Joint Rules of the Senate and House that clarifies that when two or more bills amending the same statute are passed in the same session, the last passed controls
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Permitting the West Virginia Department of Tourism to proceed with procuring bids/interest in companies to place a lodge on the property of Beech Fork Lake.. Description: Permitting the West Virginia Department of Tourism to proceed with procuring bids/interest in companies to place a lodge on the property of Beech Fork Lake.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: The Albert ìAbî Baisden Memorial Bridge.. Description: The Albert ìAbî Baisden Memorial Bridge.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Lt. Col. Mitchell M. Mickel Memorial Bridge. Description: Lt. Col. Mitchell M. Mickel Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: William N. ìShugî Kisner Memorial Bridge. Description: William N. ìShugî Kisner Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U. S. Army Pvt. Charles A. White, Sr. Memorial Bridge. Description: Charles A. White Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: USMC Corporal Larry Allen ìCrockyî Holstein, Jr. Memorial Bridge. Description: USMC Larry Allen ìCrockyî Holstein, Jr. Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U. S. Army PFC Herman H. Lucas Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army PFC Herman H. Lucas Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army SSG William Joseph ìWillî Thompson Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army SSG William Joseph ìWillî Thompson Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U.S. Navy Quartermaster C.E. ìRedî Landfried Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Navy Quartermaster C.E. ìRedî Landfried Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U. S. Army PV2 Harold Richard Plumley Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army PV2 Harold Richard Plumley Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Lewis Joseph DíAntoni Memorial Road. Description: Lewis Joseph DíAntoni Memorial Road
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army SGT Walter Hedrick Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army SGT Walter Hedrick Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army 1SG Elmer C. Lofton Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army 1SG Elmer C. Lofton Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U. S. Army PVT Leon ëDeaconí Stover Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army PVT Leon ëDeaconí Stover Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army SFC Samuel Evans Miller Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army SFC Samuel Evans Miller Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Study the financial effects of raising the threshold from $25,000 to $50,000 for the requirement of bids for municipal, public service district, county and state public works project.. Description: Study the financial effects of raising the threshold from $25,000 to $50,000 for the requirement of bids for municipal, public service district, county and state public works project.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Army PFC Russell Richard Ferguson Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Army PFC Russell Richard Ferguson Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Chief Lee Thomas Memorial Bridge.. Description: U. S. Army SP4 Lee Thomas Memorial Bridge.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: George M. Hall Memorial Bridge. Description: George M. Hall Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Department of Economic Development to create a plan of incentives to encourage small businesses in highly regulated states to relocate to WV. Description: Requesting Department of Economic Development to create a plan of incentives to encourage small businesses in highly regulated states to relocate to WV
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army SSG Steven ìToddî Shay Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army SSG Steven ìToddî Shay Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study to establish a motorsport events welcome center and implement a program to promote motorsport events in West Virginia. Description: To study the West Virginia Seed Start Up for Backroads of Appalachia.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the economic and tourism impacts creating a cross state biking and hiking trail.. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the economic and tourism impacts creating a cross state biking and hiking trail.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Army Sgt. John Edsel Edens Memorial Road. Description: U.S. Army Sgt. John Edsel Edens Memorial Road
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Army PFC Clayton Collins Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Army PFC Clayton Collins Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U. S. Army Air Corps PVT-II Charles A. White Memorial Road. Description: U. S. Army Air Corps PVT-II Charles A. White Memorial Road
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study of the effects of eliminating the mandatory inspection of motor vehicles. Description: Requesting a study of the effects of eliminating the mandatory inspection of motor vehicles
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study on the effects of conservation easements. Description: Requesting a study on the effects of conservation easements
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study of the effects of using blockchain technology on vital public and government data security.. Description: Requesting a study of the effects of using blockchain technology on vital public and government data security.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study on the effects of site preparedness on economic development.. Description: Requesting a study on the effects of site preparedness on economic development.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study on the use of larger crews and continuous working hours on smaller roadway projects.. Description: Requesting a study on the use of larger crews and continuous working hours on smaller roadway projects.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study to assess on selective regulation of short-term rental properties.. Description: Requesting a study to assess on selective regulation of short-term rental properties.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: November 7th to be designated as ìPastor Appreciation Dayî in West Virginia.. Description: Designated annually as November 7th as ìPastor Appreciation Dayî in West Virginia
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To study the effect of the establishment Whole-Homes Repair Act of 2023.. Description: To study the effect of the establishment Whole-Homes Repair Act of 2023.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study to assess whether amending the tax code to provide tax incentives upon manufacturing.. Description: Requesting a study to assess whether amending the tax code to provide tax incentives upon manufacturing.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study to assess whether the code contains outdated excessive or unnecessary provisions.. Description: Requesting a study to assess whether the code contains outdated excessive or unecessary provisions.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study concerning the construction of welcome centers.. Description: Requesting a study concerning the construction of welcome centers.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study of creating regional intra-state tourism districts. Description: Requesting a study of creating regional intra-state tourism districts
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study concerning tourism related infrastructure issues post covid-19.. Description: Requesting a study concerning tourism related infrastructure issues post covid-19.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Proclaiming the extension of a state of emergency in our correctional institutions. Description: Proclaiming the extension of a state of emergency in our correctional institutions
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Department of Economic Development to create a plan of incentives to encourage small businesses based in agri-tourism, craft breweries, distilleries, vineyards, wineries and other specialized agriculture of tourism interest to locate or relocate to West Virginia. Description: Requesting the Department of Economic Development to create a plan of incentives to encourage small businesses based in agri-tourism, craft breweries, distilleries, vineyards, wineries and other specialized agriculture of tourism interest to locate or relocate to West Virginia
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To study pediatric cancer in Appalachia and to provide directive language asking for a report on this issue in the appalachian region.. Description: To study pediatric cancer in Appalachia and to provide directive language asking for a report on this issue in the appalachian region.
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Joint Committee on Government and Finance study on the problem of tire disposal and finding solutions to rid our landscape of waste tires.. Description: Requesting Joint Committee on Government and Finance study on the problem of tire disposal and finding solutions to rid our landscape of waste tires.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: February to be designated annually as West Virginia Cancer Prevention Month.. Description: February to be designated annually as West Virginia Cancer Prevention Month.
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adopting Joint Rules of Senate and House of Delegates. Description: Adopting Joint Rules of Senate and House of Delegates
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing payment of expenses for 86th Legislature. Description: Authorizing payment of expenses for 86th Legislature
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Dr. Roland P Sharp Memorial Road. Description: Dr. Roland P. Sharp Memorial Road
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Navy S1 Ira "Noon" Copley and Marie Copley Memorial Bridge. Description: Ira 'Noon' Copley and Marie Copley Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending Joint Rules of Senate and House of Delegates. Description: Amending Joint Rules of Senate and House of Delegates
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army PV 2 Harold Richard Plumley Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army PV 2 Harold Richard Plumley Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army Air Corps PVT Albert J Sutphin Memorial Highway. Description: US Army Air Corps PVT Albert J Sutphin Memorial Highway
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army SGT Brian Christopher Karim Memorial Road. Description: US Army SGT Brian Christopher Karim Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Wyant Brothers WWII Veterans Memorial Road. Description: Wyant Brothers Memorial Road
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supporting Medal of Valor nominees recommended by First Responders Honor Board. Description: Supporting Medal of Valor nominees recommended by First Responders Honor Board
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army 1SG James Arnold Browning Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army 1SG James Arnold Browning Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Navy PO2 Phillip Joseph "PJ" Hainer Memorial Bridge. Description: US Navy HT2 Phillip Joseph "PJ" Hainer Memorial Bridge
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Joint Committee on Government and Finance study increasing availability of prescription nonopioid medications. Description: Requesting Joint Committee on Government and Finance study increasing availability of prescription nonopioid medications
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Joint Committee on Government Organization study operations of Division of Personnel. Description: Requesting Joint Committee on Government Organization study operations of Division of Personnel
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Joint Committee on Judiciary study operations of WV BRIM. Description: Requesting Joint Committee on Judiciary study operations of WV BRIM
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on need for awarding attorney's fees and recovering damages in civil tort actions. Description: Requesting study on need for awarding attorney's fees and recovering damages in civil tort actions
In 2023, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Renaming Mount Olive Correctional Complex and Jail as Mike V. Coleman Maximum Security Complex. Description: Renaming Mount Olive Correctional Complex and Jail as Mike V. Coleman Maximum Security Complex
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on creation and implementation of earned compliance credit program for parolees and probationers. Description: Requesting study on creation and implementation of earned compliance credit program for parolees and probationers
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on use of E-Verify for employers with public contracts. Description: Requesting study on use of E-Verify for employers with public contracts
In 2023, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on legislation needed to address privacy in social care and health-related social needs space. Description: Requesting study on legislation needed to address privacy in social care and health-related social needs space
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reapportioning House of Delegates Districts. Description: Reapportioning House of Delegates Districts
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Updating provisions establishing the Intermediate Court of Appeals. Description: Updating provisions establishing the Intermediate Court of Appeals
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to COVID-19 immunizations requirements for employment in the public and private sectors. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require covered employers to provide for certain exemptions from mandatory COVID-19 vaccinations.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations to the Department of Homeland Security, Division of Justice and Community Services. Description: The purpose of supplemental appropriation bill is to supplement, amend, and increase an existing item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating the Broadband Development Fund. Description: Creating the Broadband Development Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Bureau of Senior Services. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Bureau of Senior Services
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to DHS, Energy Assistance. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to DHS, Energy Assistance
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds to unappropriated surplus balance from Consumer Protection Recovery Fund. Description: Expiring funds to unappropriated surplus balance from Consumer Protection Recovery Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Department of Agriculture. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Department of Agriculture
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Division of Culture and History. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Division of Culture and History
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Community Mental Health Services. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Community Mental Health Services
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Consolidated Medical Service Fund. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Consolidated Medical Service Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Division of Health, Central Office Fund. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Division of Health, Central Office Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Division of Human Services. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Division of Human Services
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Division of Health, Substance Abuse Prevention and Treatment. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Division of Health, Substance Abuse Prevention and Treatment
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Educational Broadcasting Authority. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Educational Broadcasting Authority
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Library Commission. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Library Commission
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Department of Veterans' Assistance. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Department of Veterans' Assistance
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Department of Veterans' Assistance, Veterans' Home. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Department of Veterans' Assistance, Veterans' Home
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Commission for National and Community Service. Description: Making supplemental appropriation of federal funds to Commission for National and Community Service
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Culture and History. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Culture and History
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Department of Economic Development, Office of Secretary. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Department of Economic Development, Office of Secretary
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to State Department of Education. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to State Department of Education
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Governor's Office, Civil Contingent Fund. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Governor's Office, Civil Contingent Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Personnel. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Personnel
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Special Railroad and Intermodal Enhancement Fund. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Special Railroad and Intermodal Enhancement Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to DOT, Office of Administrative Hearings. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to DOT, Office of Administrative Hearings
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to DOT, Public Port Authority. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to DOT, Public Port Authority
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending Title II, section 12, Budget Bill, for fiscal year ending June 30, 2022. Description: Supplementing and amending Title II, section 12, Budget Bill, for fiscal year ending June 30, 2022
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to WV ABLE Act. Description: Relating generally to WV ABLE Act
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to review, approval, disapproval, or amendment of local boards of health rules by county commission or county board of education. Description: Relating to review, approval, disapproval, or amendment of local boards of health rules by county commission or county board of education
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing Medal of Valor for emergency medical service personnel, firefighters, and law-enforcement officers. Description: Establishing Medal of Valor for emergency medical service personnel, firefighters, and law-enforcement officers
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to statutory salary of Director of Lottery Commission. Description: Relating to statutory salary of Director of Lottery Commission
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Court Facilities Maintenance Fund. Description: Creating Court Facilities Maintenance Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating provisions establishing Intermediate Court of Appeals. Description: Updating provisions establishing Intermediate Court of Appeals
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting sale of certain aircraft from consumers sales and service tax. Description: Exempting sale of certain aircraft from consumers sales and service tax
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to application fees for license to carry concealed deadly weapon. Description: Relating to application fees for license to carry concealed deadly weapon
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Making supplementary appropriation of federal funds to Governor's Office, Coronavirus State Fiscal Recovery Fund. Description: Making supplementary appropriation of federal funds to Governor's Office, Coronavirus State Fiscal Recovery Fund
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Making supplementary appropriation to Department of Economic Development, Office of Secretary. Description: Making supplementary appropriation to Department of Economic Development, Office of Secretary
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Broadband Development Fund. Description: Creating Broadband Development Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Department of Economic Development, Office of the Secretary. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Department of Economic Development, Office of the Secretary
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplementary appropriation to Governor's Office, Coronavirus State Fiscal Recovery Fund. Description: Making supplementary appropriation to Governor's Office, Coronavirus State Fiscal Recovery Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying House of Delegates Senate has assembled in extraordinary session. Description: Notifying House of Delegates Senate has assembled in extraordinary session
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying Governor Legislature has assembled in extraordinary session. Description: Notifying Governor Legislature has assembled in extraordinary session
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying House of Delegates Senate is ready to adjourn sine die. Description: Notifying House of Delegates Senate is ready to adjourn sine die
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying Governor Legislature is ready to adjourn sine die. Description: Notifying Governor Legislature is ready to adjourn sine die
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing adjournments of the Senate and House of Delegates. Description: Authorizing adjournments of the Senate and House of Delegates
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Office of Technology. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Office of Technology
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Natural Resources. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Natural Resources
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriations to DHS, Division of Emergency Management and Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation. Description: Making supplemental appropriations to DHS, Division of Emergency Management and Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Personnel. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Personnel
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to WV Development Office. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to WV Development Office
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Civil Contingent Fund. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Civil Contingent Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Culture and History. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Culture and History
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to State Rail Authority. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to State Rail Authority
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to BOE, State Aid to Schools. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to BOE, State Aid to Schools
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to BOE, School Construction Fund. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to BOE, School Construction Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Human Services. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Human Services
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to DHS, Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation and Division of Administrative Services. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to DHS, Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation and Division of Administrative Services
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Water Development Authority. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Water Development Authority
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to WV Tourism Office. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to WV Tourism Office
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Tax Division. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Tax Division
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Rainy Day Fund. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Rainy Day Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding new items and increasing existing items of appropriation for various accounts for fiscal year 2021. Description: Adding new items and increasing existing items of appropriation for various accounts for fiscal year 2021
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing Budget Bill in Title II, Section 9 for fiscal year ending June 30, 2022. Description: Supplementing Budget Bill in Title II, Section 9 for fiscal year ending June 30, 2022
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriations to Office of Technology and State Rail Authority. Description: Making supplemental appropriations to Office of Technology and State Rail Authority
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Altering time frame retail liquor licensees may sell liquors. Description: Altering time frame retail liquor licensees may sell liquors
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Decreasing existing items of appropriations to Department of Economic Development. Description: Making supplemental appropriations to Department of Economic Development
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriations to Local Economic Development Assistance. Description: Making supplemental appropriations to Local Economic Development Assistance
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending expiration date for per diem rate freeze for incarcerated inmates in regional jails. Description: Extending expiration date for per diem rate freeze for incarcerated inmates in regional jails
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to National Coal Heritage Area Authority. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to National Coal Heritage Area Authority
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying House of Delegates Senate has assembled in extraordinary session. Description: Notifying House of Delegates Senate has assembled in extraordinary session
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying Governor Legislature has assembled in extraordinary session. Description: Notifying Governor Legislature has assembled in extraordinary session
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying House of Delegates Senate is ready to adjourn sine die. Description: Notifying House of Delegates Senate is ready to adjourn sine die
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying Governor Legislature is ready to adjourn sine die. Description: Notifying Governor Legislature is ready to adjourn sine die
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting the President of the United States to designate a single state funeral to be held upon the death of the last living Medal of Honor recipient from World War II.. Description: Requesting the President of the United States to designate a single state funeral to be held upon the death of the last living Medal of Honor recipient from World War II.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting US President designate single state funeral on death of last Medal of Honor recipient of WW II. Description: Requesting US President designate single state funeral on death of last Medal of Honor recipient of WW II
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging federal government to allocate $8 billion for coal mine reclamation funding to WV. Description: Urging federal government to allocate $8 billion for coal mine reclamation funding to WV
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplementary appropriation to the Division of Highways. Description: Making supplementary appropriation to the Division of Highways
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing, amending and increasing an existing item to the Department of Transportation. Description: Supplementing, amending and increasing an existing item to the Department of Transportation
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriations to DHHR for federal block grant moneys. Description: Making supplemental appropriations to DHHR for federal block grant moneys
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriations to Department of Health and Human Resources. Description: Making supplemental appropriations to Department of Health and Human Resources
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriations to State Board of Education. Description: Making supplemental appropriations to State Board of Education
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2022 to Department of Education. Description: Making supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2022 to Department of Education
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to exemptions of property in federal bankruptcy proceedings. Description: Relating to exemptions of property in federal bankruptcy proceedings
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying House of Delegates Senate has assembled in extraordinary session. Description: Notifying House of Delegates Senate has assembled in extraordinary session
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying Governor Legislature has assembled in extraordinary session. Description: Notifying Governor Legislature has assembled in extraordinary session
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Select Committee on Redistricting. Description: Creating Select Committee on Redistricting
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying House of Delegates Senate is ready to adjourn sine die. Description: Notifying House of Delegates Senate is ready to adjourn sine die
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying Governor Legislature is ready to adjourn sine die. Description: Notifying Governor Legislature is ready to adjourn sine die
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to creating the West Virginia Jumpstart Savings Program. Description: Relating generally to creating the West Virginia Jumpstart Savings Program
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Broadband. Description: Relating to Broadband
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the authority and obligations of the Governor and Legislature when in declared states of preparedness and emergency. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the authority and obligations of the Governor and Legislature relating to declared states of preparedness and emergencies; clarifying the authority of the Governor; providing requirements for any proclamation or resolution so issued; and providing directives for lawsuits filed challenging actions taken pursuant to the authority granted herein.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to health care costs. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide more transparent healthcare costs to West Virginians, and in doing so provide a review process by the Attorney Generalís office for nonprofit hospitals, regulate¬ out-of-state healthcare providers and non-network facility based providers, list disclosures of a healthcare facility and publication of a carrierís network, further define the responsibilities of a carrier inadvertent to out of state network services, provide binding arbitration for payment disputes, healthcare savings cost calculations, violations and legislative rules, provide for price transparency and a publication of prices, and provide the cost of healthcare appointment prices.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the West Virginia Contractor Licensing Act. Description: Relating to the West Virginia Contractor Licensing Act
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Provide for occupational licenses or other authorization to practice by recognition for qualified applicants from other states. Description: Provide for occupational licenses or other authorization to practice by recognition for qualified applicants from other states
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending requirements for licensure relating to elevator mechanics, crane operators, HVAC, electricians, and plumbers. Description: Amending requirements for licensure relating to elevator mechanics, crane operators, HVAC, electricians, and plumbers
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to limitations on the use of wages and agency shop fees by employers and labor organizations for political activities. Description: Relating to limitations on the use of wages and agency shop fees by employers and labor organizations for political activities
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Eliminating any time requirements for part time personnel to work during a working year. Description: Eliminating any time requirements for part time personnel to work during a working year
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to public charter schools. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify public charter schools generally; to provide for a liberal interpretation; to prohibit the conversion of private schools; to prohibit any sort of profit or monetary consideration by elected officials in relation to charter schools; to limit the authorization of public charter school; to create a process by which to appeal the authorizerís decision to the West Virginia Board of Education; to create virtual public charter schools in West Virginia; to establish the West Virginia Professional Charter School Board; and to provide for members, appointments.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to role of the Legislature in appropriating federal funds. Description: The purpose of this bill is to specify the role of the Legislature in appropriating federal funds and update references to types of federal funds, to recognize that the Legislature is required to appropriate federal funds by the state constitution, to update and clarify statutory cross-references, to limit gubernatorial authority to spend federal funds without appropriation of the Legislature, to limit spending of certain emergency funds for natural disasters without additional enactment, to require reports to the Legislature on proposed and actual spending of those funds, to authorize funds to be reappropriated from one fiscal year to the next, to provide circumstances under which those funds expire to the general revenue fund instead of being reappropriated, to modify certain terms, to update references to public officers, and to prohibit the suspension of any statute governing the appropriation or expenditure of public funds by the exercise of gubernatorial emergency powers.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Rewriting the Criminal Code. Description: Rewriting the Criminal Code
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Elevating Economic Development and Tourism Departments. Description: Elevating Economic Development and Tourism Departments
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Budget Bill, making appropriations of public money out of the treasury in accordance with section fifty-one, article six of the Constitution. Description: Budget Bill, making appropriations of public money out of the treasury in accordance with section fifty-one, article six of the Constitution
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expand use of telemedicine to all medical personnel. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand the use of telemedicine by allowing medical personnel to participate in telemedicine visits, to ensure parity between telemedicine and in-person visits, and to restrict the ability of medical professional boards to restrict telemedicine beyond what is in this section.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Provide liquor, wine, and beer licensees with some new concepts developed during the State of Emergency utilizing new technology to provide greater freedom to operate in a safe and responsible manner. Description: Provide liquor, wine, and beer licensees with some new concepts developed during the State of Emergency utilizing new technology to provide greater freedom to operate in a safe and responsible manner
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the modernization of the collection of income taxes by adopting uniform provisions relating to the mobile workforce. Description: Relating to the modernization of the collection of income taxes by adopting uniform provisions relating to the mobile workforce
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting veterinarians from the requirements of controlled substance monitoring. Description: Exempting veterinarians from the requirements of controlled substance monitoring
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to teacher preparation clinical experience programs. Description: Relating to teacher preperation clinical experience programs
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to exemptions for the United States Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Foster Homes. Description: Relating to exemptions for the United States Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Foster Homes
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the juvenile restorative justice programs. Description: Relating to the juvenile restorative justice programs
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing increased protections for the welfare of domestic animals. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide increased protections for the welfare of domestic animals in the care of animal shelters, breeders, and private individuals.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to student aide class titles. Description: Relating to student aide class titles
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: West Virginia Monument and Memorial Protection Act of 2021. Description: West Virginia Monument and Memorial Protection Act of 2021
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the penalties for exposure of governmental representatives to fentanyl or any other harmful drug. Description: Increasing the penalties for exposure of governmental representatives to fentanyl or any other harmful drug
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicle crash reports. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require law-enforcement officers to submit motor vehicle crash reports to the owners and/or drivers of the vehicles involved in the crash. The bill requires the law-enforcement officer shall, within 24 hours of a motor vehicle crash, share the owner/operator and insurance information for all the involved parties with all the other involved parties and/or their insurance agents. The bill permits replacement or rental provisions to be expedited and victims will not be left without transportation for an extended period while the accident report is being completed.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the establishment of an insurance innovation process. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish a process in which a person or entity may apply to the Insurance Commissioner for the introduction and utilization of an insurance innovation in this state that would otherwise be in conflict with West Virginia law.¬ ¬ ¬ ¬ ¬ ¬ ¬ ¬ ¬
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to forgery and other crimes concerning lottery tickets. Description: Relating to forgery and other crimes concerning lottery tickets
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to extended supervision for certain drug offenders. Description: Relating to extended supervision for certain drug offenders
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to procurement of child placing services. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify the departmentís obligations to enter into performance-based contracts with child-placing agencies.¬
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the controlled substance monitoring database. Description: Amend who shall report and review the controlled substance monitoring database
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Update the regulation of pharmacy benefit managers. Description: Update the regulation of pharmacy benefit managers
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Hospital exemptions from certificate of need. Description: Hospital exemptions from certificate of need
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to collaborative pharmacy practice and updating rulemaking authority. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide legislative rule-making authority to the Board of Pharmacy concerning collaborative pharmacy practice.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to expanding certain insurance coverages for pregnant women. Description: The purpose of this bill is provide Medicaid coverage up to 1 year postpartum.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing an optional bus operator in residence program for school districts. Description: Establishing an optional bus operator in residence program for school districts
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Initiating a State Employment First Policy to facilitate integrated employment of disabled persons. Description: Initiating a State Employment First Policy to facilitate integrated employment of disabled persons
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Removing the requirement of continuing education for barbers and cosmetologists. Description: Removing the requirement of continuing education for barbers and cosmetologists
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the minimum criminal penalty for a driver who, in an impaired state, causes the death of a minor. Description: Increasing the minimum criminal penalty for a driver who, in an impaired state, causes the death of a minor
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating meaning of federal adjusted gross income and certain other terms used in West Virginia Personal Income Tax Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the meaning of federal adjusted gross income and certain other terms used in the West Virginia Personal Income Tax Act; and specify effective dates.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating the meaning of federal taxable income and certain other terms used in the West Virginia Corporation Net Income Tax Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update the meaning of ìfederal taxable incomeî and certain other terms used in the West Virginia Corporation Net Income Tax Act by bringing them into conformity with their meaning for Internal Revenue Codeís definitions; and specifying effective dates.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to ìBest Interests of the Child Protection Act of 2021î. Description: The Best Interests of the Child Protection Act of 2021. The purpose of this bill is to establish that co-equal shared legal and physical custody of a child, and the maintaining of sibling, including half-sibling, relationships through co-equal shared legal and physical custody of children, in cases of divorce is presumed to be in the best interests of the child; that parental rights are protected constitutional rights of parents that may not be infringed upon by courts except after full adversarial judicial proceedings on the record and with no consideration of ex parte evidence of any kind by any court or judge against any parent; and also that certain parental rights are coordinate with and directly justify the granting shared legal and physical custody equally between parents of children and shall be so enforced by the courts of this state.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring agencies who have approved a proposed rule that affects fees or other special revenues to provide to the committee a fiscal note. Description: Requiring agencies who have approved a proposed rule that affects fees or other special revenues to provide to the committee a fiscal note
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Mylissa Smithís Law, creating patient visitation privileges. Description: Creating a Patient Bill of Visitation Rights
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Provide that Public Service Districts cannot charge sewer rates for filling a swimming pool. Description: Provide that Public Service Districts cannot charge sewer rates for filling a swimming pool
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allow pre-candidacy papers to be filed the day after the general election. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow for candidates to file pre-candidacy papers the day after a general election.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Make criminal invasion of privacy a felony. Description: Make criminal invasion of privacy a felony
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of Environmental Protection to promulgate a legislative rule relating to ambient air quality standards. Description: Authorizing the Department of Environmental Protection to promulgate a legislative rule relating to ambient air quality standards
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of Transportation to promulgate legislative rules. Description: Authorizing the Division of Highways to promulgate a legislative rule relating to traffic and safety rules
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of Health and Human Resources to promulgate legislative rules. Description: Authorizing the Department of Health and Human Resources to promulgate a legislative rule relating to behavioral health centers licensure
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Create the 2nd Amendment Preservation Act. Description: Create the 2nd Amendment Preservation Act
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to an occupational limited license. Description: Relating to an occupational limited license
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing valuation limitations for coal property taxation and clarifying the penalties for non-filers. Description: The purpose of this bill is, for assessments made on or after July 1, 2022, to provide that the arithmetic means for annual production and average coal price to value coal properties shall be based upon the full calendar year immediately preceding the July 1st assessment date; to provide that the Tax Commissioner shall utilize an average coal density of 1800 tons per acre foot, unless clear and convincing evidence is submitted by a tax payer establishing a lower density value; to provide that density information reported on returns, due on or before May 1 of each year, shall be used to determine values for the immediately following July 1 assessments; to provide that the Tax Commissioner shall take into consideration economic viability and engineering considerations when establishing values for coal properties; to provide that coal beds which are of a thickness of less than thirty-five inches shall not be classified as mineable coal for valuation for property tax purposes unless there is clear and convincing evidence to the contrary; to provide that no permitted coal seam may be classified for taxation as active until actual depletion of coal commences under a permit; to provide that for any owner, operator, or producer which fails to make a return within the time required, any and all penalties imposed shall be equally and uniformly applied across all forms of industrial property and natural resources property; and to specify an effective date.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the filing of asbestos and silica claims. Description: Relating to the filing of asbestos and silica claims
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to assessments of real property. Description: Relating to assessments of real property
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Tax reduction for arms and ammo manufacturing. Description: The purpose of this bill is to stimulate economic growth in manufacturing industries by amending the definition of manufacturing for purposes of special method for appraising qualified capital additions to manufacturing facilities for property tax purposes; by amending the formula for calculating credit allowed for manufacturing investment to include small arms ammunition manufacturing and small arms, ordinance and ordinance accessories manufacturing; by creating the West Virginia Tax Credit For Federal Excise Tax Imposed Upon Small Arms And Ammunition Manufacturers and providing for its administration and enforcement of the tax credit; and by exempting sales of small arms and small arms ammunition from state sales and use tax.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Create an act for Statewide Uniformity for Auxiliary Container Regulations. Description: The purpose of this bill is to establish statewide uniformity for auxiliary container regulations.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Remove the limitations on advertising and promotional activities by limited video lottery retailers. Description: Remove the limitations on advertising and promotional activities by limited video lottery retailers
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting West Virginia institutions of higher education from discriminating against graduates of private, nonpublic or home schools by requiring them to submit to alternative testing. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit state agencies and institutions of higher learning from discriminating against graduates of private, nonpublic, or home schools by requiring them to submit to alternative testing as a precondition for acceptance into the institution of higher learning.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to the transparency and accountability of state grants to reduce waste, fraud, and abuse. Description: Relating generally to the transparency and accountability of state grants to reduce waste, fraud, and abuse
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Altering the definition of an above ground storage tank. Description: Alter the definition of an above ground storage tank
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing for the valuation of natural resources property and an alternate method of appeal of proposed valuation of natural resources property. Description: The purpose of this bill to change the valuation, assessment, review, and appellate rights of property owners regarding valuation, classification, and taxability of real estate and personal property taxation; provide revised methodology to value oil and natural gas properties by Tax Commissioner; provide for the confidentiality of financial information disclosed to the Tax Commissioner; allow for the publication, release, or other disclosure of nonproprietary financial information by the Joint Committee on Government and Finance; provide for the confidentiality of annual industry operating expenses survey information used for property tax purposes; define a criminal penalty for the unauthorized disclosure of financial information; provide that residential property owners may not be required to furnish a formal appraisal to establish the value of their primary residence; provide that an assessorís review is to be an informal process and define the standard of proof which a taxpayer must meet to be no greater than a preponderance of the evidence; expand the jurisdiction of the Office of Tax Appeals to include property tax valuation, classification, and taxability; provide that if an assessor rejects a petition, the petitioner may appeal to the county Board of Equalization and Review or the Office of Tax Appeals; allow for certain appeals from decisions of the Tax Commissioner and Board of Equalization and Review to the Office of Tax Appeals; repeal and eliminate the Board of Assessment Appeals; provide for an increase in the number of administrative law judges and staff attorneys within the Office of Tax Appeals; provide an effective dates; and make technical changes.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Require Counties and Municipalities to hold all local elections during statewide elections. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide that all local elections be held on a date that a statewide election is being held.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amend the reporting to the Governor and the Legislature to have information continuously available on the Office of Health Facility Licensure and Certificationís website. Description: Amend the reporting to the Governor and the Legislature to have information continuously available on the Office of Health Facility Licensure and Certificationís website
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Mandating certification for certain members of fire departments, require certain types of training, allow specialized personnel who are not firefighters to be members of a department, and require the postings of fire department evaluations. Description: The purpose of this bill is to mandate certification for certain members of fire departments, require certain types of training, allow specialized personnel who are not firefighters to be members of a department, and require the postings of fire department evaluations.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring DEP to reimburse fines paid by towns, villages and communities in certain instances. Description: Requiring DEP to reimburse fines paid by towns, villages and communities in certain instances
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating the 2021 Farm Bill. Description: Creating the 2021 Farm Bill
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To create a cost saving program for state buildings regarding energy efficiency. Description: To create a cost saving program for state buildings regarding energy efficiency
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to financial exploitation of elderly persons, protected persons or incapacitated adults. Description: Relating to financial exploitation of elderly persons, protected persons or incapacitated adults
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the administration of anesthetics. Description: Relating to the administration of anesthetics
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the issuance of license suspensions to insurance producers and insurance adjusters who have failed to meet continuing education requirements. Description: Relating to the issuance of license suspensions to insurance producers and insurance adjusters who have failed to meet continuing education requirements.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allow county political parties to have building funds in a similar manner that state parties are allowed. Description: Allow county political parties to have building funds in a similar manner that state parties are allowed
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to authorizing the Division of Rehabilitation Services to approve acceptable training programs required for low vision individuals to obtain a Class G drivers license. Description: Relating to authorizing the Division of Rehabilitation Services to approve acceptable training programs required for low vision individuals to obtain a Class G drivers license
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of Health and Human Resources to promulgate a legislative rule relating to food establishments. Description: Authorizing the Department of Health and Human Resources to promulgate a legislative rule relating to food establishments
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing that the aggregate liability of a surety on a consumer protection bond under the West Virginia Fintech Regulatory Sandbox Program does not exceed the principal sum of the bond. Description: Providing that the aggregate liability of a surety on a consumer protection bond under the West Virginia Fintech Regulatory Sandbox Program does not exceed the principal sum of the bond
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating a Merit-Based Personnel System within DOT. Description: Creating a Merit-Based Personnel System within DOT
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the use of class B fire-fighting foam for testing purposes if the foam contains a certain class of fluorinated organic chemicals. Description: Prohibiting the use of class B fire-fighting foam for testing purposes if the foam contains a certain class of fluorinated organic chemicals
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing for the lease of air space above public roads for the safe operation of unmanned aircraft. Description: Allowing for the lease of air space above public roads for the safe operation of unmanned aircraft
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to persons filing federal bankruptcy petition to exempt certain property of the estate. Description: Relating to persons filing federal bankruptcy petition to exempt certain property of the estate
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing explicit authority to process an online driverís license or identification renewal or reissuance when the applicant needs to update the address. Description: Providing explicit authority to process an online driverís license or identification renewal or reissuance when the applicant needs to update the address.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Transferring the Parole Board to the Office of Administrative Hearings. Description: Transferring the Parole Board to the Office of Administrative Hearings
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modernize the process for dissolution of municipal corporations in this State. Description: Modernize the process for dissolution of municipal corporations in this State
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring the Insurance Commissioner to regulate professional bondsmen. Description: Requiring the Insurance Commissioner to regulate professional bondsmen
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to economic development incentive tax credits. Description: Relating to economic development incentive tax credits
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating WV Cyber Incident Reporting. Description: Creating WV Cyber Incident Reporting
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allow the Division of Financial Institutions to enter into reciprocity agreements with other jurisdictions that operate similar programs to the West Virginia Fintech Sandbox Program. Description: Allow the Division of Financial Institutions to enter into reciprocity agreements with other jurisdictions that operate similar programs to the West Virginia Fintech Sandbox Program
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to allowing emergency management and operationsí vehicles operated by airports to use red flashing warning lights. Description: Relating to allowing emergency management and operationsí vehicles operated by airports to use red flashing warning lights
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing, amending and increasing an existing item of appropriation from the State Road Fund, to the Department of Transportation, Division of Highways. Description: Supplementing, amending and increasing an existing item of appropriation from the State Road Fund, to the Department of Transportation, Division of Highways
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing, amending and increasing items of existing appropriation from the State Road Fund to the Department of Transportation, Division of Motor Vehicles. Description: Supplementing, amending and increasing items of existing appropriation from the State Road Fund to the Department of Transportation, Division of Motor Vehicles
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Including home confinement officers in definition of law-enforcement officers. Description: Including home confinement officers in definition of law-enforcement officers
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting DNR to issue up to 100 permits for boats greater than 10 horsepower on Upper Mud River Lake. Description: Permitting DNR to issue up to 100 permits for boats greater than 10 horsepower on Upper Mud River Lake
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating the Air Ambulance Patient Protection Act. Description: Creating the Air Ambulance Patient Protection Act
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Repeal municipal amusement tax. Description: Repeal municipal amusement tax
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Repeal domestic animal tax. Description: Repeal domestic animal tax
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to public school enrollment for students from out of state. Description: Relating to public school enrollment for students from out of state
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds to the unappropriated surplus balance from State Excess Lottery Revenue Fund. Description: Expiring funds to the unappropriated surplus balance from State Excess Lottery Revenue Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending the appropriations to Public Defender Services. Description: Supplementing and amending the appropriations to Public Defender Services
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing, amending, decreasing, and increasing items of existing appropriation to Division of Highways. Description: Supplementing, amending, decreasing, and increasing items of existing appropriation to Division of Highways
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to enrollment and costs of homeschooled or private school students at vocational schools. Description: Relating to enrollment and costs of homeschooled or private school students at vocational schools
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the expansion of direct access to natural gas service for new customers. Description: Relating to the expansion of direct access to natural gas service for new customers
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permit out of state residents to obtain West Virginia concealed carry permits. Description: Permit out of state residents to obtain West Virginia concealed carry permits
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To extend the Neighborhood Investment Program Act to July 1, 2026. Description: To extend the Neighborhood Investment Program Act to July 1, 2026 and to increase the allowable tax credit from $3,000,000 to $5,000,000.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Expiring funds from the WV Board of Examiners for Registered Professional Nurses and making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Commerce, Development Office. Description: Supplemental appropriation bill is to expire funds to the surplus balance of General Revenue and to supplement and increase an item of appropriation in the aforesaid account for the designated spending unit for expenditure during the fiscal year 2021
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Declaring certain claims to be moral obligations of the State. Description: Declaring certain claims to be moral obligations of the State
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending the appropriations of public moneys out of the Treasury from the balance of moneys remaining as an unappropriated surplus balance in the State Fund, General Revenue, to the Department of Homeland Security, Division of Emergency Management. Description: Supplementing and amending the appropriations of public moneys out of the Treasury from the balance of moneys remaining as an unappropriated surplus balance in the State Fund, General Revenue, to the Department of Homeland Security, Division of Emergency Management
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending the appropriations of public moneys out of the Treasury from the balance of moneys remaining as an unappropriated surplus balance in the State Fund, General Revenue, to the Department of Commerce, Division of Forestry. Description: Supplementing and amending the appropriations of public moneys out of the Treasury from the balance of moneys remaining as an unappropriated surplus balance in the State Fund, General Revenue, to the Department of Commerce, Division of Forestry
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds to the unappropriated surplus balance in the State Fund, General Revenue, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021. Description: Expiring funds to the unappropriated surplus balance in the State Fund, General Revenue, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Remove salt from list and definition of ìmineralî for severance tax purposes. Description: Remove salt from list and definition of ìmineralî for severance tax purposes
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Donated Drug Repository Program. Description: Donated Drug Repository Program
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting buildings or structures utilized exclusively for agricultural purposes from the provisions of the State Building Code. Description: Exempting buildings or structures utilized exclusively for agricultural purposes from the provisions of the State Building Code
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing for the amortization of annual funding deficiencies for municipal police or firefighter pension and relief funds. Description: Providing for the amortization of annual funding deficiencies for municipal police or firefighter pension and relief funds
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to sex trafficking. Description: Relating generally to sex trafficking
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding the Curator of the West Virginia Division of Arts, Culture and History as an ex officio voting member of the commission. Description: Adding the Curator of the West Virginia Division of Arts, Culture and History as an ex officio voting member of the commission
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Preventing cities from banning utility companies in city limits. Description: Preventing cities from banning utility companies in city limits
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to distribution of the allowance for increased enrollment. Description: Relating to distribution of the allowance for increased enrollment
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the West Virginia Municipal Police Officers and Firefighters Retirement System. Description: Relating to the West Virginia Municipal Police Officers and Firefighters Retirement System
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the Natural Resources Police Officers Retirement System. Description: Relating to the Natural Resources Police Officers Retirement System
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extend the current veteranís business fee waivers to active duty military members and spouses. Description: Extend the current veteranís business fee waivers to active duty military members, their spouses and immediate family members
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modify the five-year waiting period and 100-person minimum for an association health plan, and to allow new flexibility granted under federal rules. Description: Modify the five-year waiting period and 100-person minimum for an association health plan, and to allow new flexibility granted under federal rules
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expand direct health care agreements beyond primary care to include more medical care services. Description: Expand direct health care agreements beyond primary care to include more medical care services
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To make changes to the FOIA law to protect public utility customer databases from disclosure, with exceptions. Description: To make changes to the FOIA law to protect public utility customer databases from disclosure, with exceptions
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to when contentions can be revived based on forensic scientific evidence that was not available at time of conviction. Description: Relating to when contentions can be revived based on forensic scientific evidence that was not available at time of conviction
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To clarify the regulatory authority of the Public Service Commission of West Virginia over luxury limousine services. Description: To clarify the regulatory authority of the Public Service Commission of West Virginia over luxury limousine services
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating minimum statutory standards for law-enforcement officers. Description: Creating minimum statutory standards for law-enforcement officers
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending the appropriations of public moneys to the Department of Veteransí Assistance. Description: Supplementing and amending the appropriations of public moneys to the Department of Veteransí Assistance
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Human Services. Description: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Human Services
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds to the balance of the Department of Commerce. Description: Expiring funds to the balance of the Department of Commerce
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to WorkForce West Virginia ñ Workforce Investment Act. Description: Making a supplementary appropriation to WorkForce West Virginia ñ Workforce Investment Act
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Commerce. Description: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Commerce
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds to the balance of the Department of Education ñ State Board of Education ñ School Building Authority ñ School Construction Fund. Description: Expiring funds to the balance of the Department of Education ñ State Board of Education ñ School Building Authority ñ School Construction Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Human Services. Description: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Human Services
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Homeland Security, West Virginia State Police. Description: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Homeland Security, West Virginia State Police
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to repealing the prohibition against the use of certain words. Description: Relating to repealing the prohibition against the use of certain words
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the School Building Authorityís allocation of money. Description: Relating to the School Building Authorityís allocation of money
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to disclosure of information by online marketplaces to inform consumers. Description: Relating to disclosure of information by online marketplaces to inform consumers
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To remove certain ex officio, voting members from the Archives and History Commission and update formatting. Description: To remove certain ex officio, voting members from the Archives and History Commission and update formatting
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to public records management and preservation. Description: Relating to public records management and preservation
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating the Semiquincentennial Commission for the celebration of the 250th anniversary of the founding of the United States of America. Description: Creating the Semiquincentennial Commission for the celebration of the 250th anniversary of the founding of the United States of America
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Family Drug Treatment Court. Description: Relating to Family Drug Treatment Court
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Health ñ Laboratory Services Fund. Description: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Health ñ Laboratory Services Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding Caregiving expenses to campaign finance expense. Description: Adding Caregiving expenses to campaign finance expense
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Protections for Charitable Organizations. Description: Protections for Charitable Organizations
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Education, State Board of Education ñ State Department of Education. Description: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Education, State Board of Education ñ State Department of Education
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementary appropriation decreasing an existing item and adding a new item of appropriation to the Department of Revenue, Insurance Commissioner. Description: Supplementary appropriation decreasing an existing item and adding a new item of appropriation to the Department of Revenue, Insurance Commissioner
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To clarify that counties can hire fire fighters as paid staff and to modify the existing procedures to include a procedure of public hearing to commission a vote. Description: To clarify that counties can hire fire fighters as paid staff and to modify the existing procedures to include a procedure of public hearing to commission a vote
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the repeal of outdated code sections. Description: Relating to the repeal of outdated code sections
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to repealing outdated sections of state code. Description: Relating to repealing outdated sections of state code
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to dental practice. Description: Relating generally to dental practice
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To clarify the procedures for the sale and operation of a municipally owned toll bridge by a private toll transportation facility. Description: To clarify the procedures for the sale and operation of a municipally owned toll bridge by a private toll transportation facility
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing a person to manufacture a stated amount of alcoholic liquor for personal consumption. Description: Allowing a person to manufacture a stated amount of alcoholic liquor for personal consumption
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing veterans with suicide prevention assistance. Description: Providing veterans with suicide prevention assistance
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the Second Chances at Life Act of 2021. Description: Relating to the Second Chances at Life Act of 2021
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying the filing fees for insurers. Description: Increasing the filing fees for insurers
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding a defense to the civil penalty imposed for a result of delivery of fuel to a state other than the destination state printed on the shipping document for fuel. Description: Adding a defense to the civil penalty imposed for a result of delivery of fuel to a state other than the destination state printed on the shipping document for fuel
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Update road abandonment process. Description: Update road abandonment process
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To extend the special valuation method for cellular towers to towers owned by persons not subject to regulation by the Board of Public Works. Description: To extend the special valuation method for cellular towers to towers owned by persons not subject to regulation by the Board of Public Works
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to gross weight limitations and road restrictions in Greenbrier and Pocahontas Counties. Description: Relating to gross weight limitations and road restrictions in Greenbrier and Pocahontas Counties
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Sunsetting the Board of Sanitarians. Description: Sunsetting the Board of Sanitarians
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to firefighter disability claims. Description: Relating to firefighter disability claims
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Sunset the Board of Forestry. Description: Sunset the Board of Forestry
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to information on organ and tissue donations. Description: Relating to information on organ and tissue donations
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to powers and duties of the parole board. Description: Relating to powers and duties of the parole board
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating the West Virginia Business Corporations Act. Description: Updating the West Virginia Business Corporations Act
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Stabilizing funding sources for the DEP Division of Air Quality. Description: Provide help stabilizing funding sources for the DEP Division of Air Quality
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Make utility workers essential employees during a state of emergency. Description: Make utility workers essential employees during a state of emergency
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To change the hearing requirement for misdemeanors to 10 days. Description: To change the hearing requirement for misdemeanors to 10 days
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Declaring that Post Traumatic Stress Disorder diagnosed by a licensed psychiatrist is a compensable occupational disease for first responders. Description: Declaring that Post Traumatic Stress Disorder diagnosed by a licensed psychiatrist is a compensable occupational disease for first responders
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to elimination of sunset provisions concerning towing rates. Description: Relating to elimination of sunset provisions concerning towing rates
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to motor carrier inspectors. Description: Relating to motor carrier inspectors
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to motor carrier rates. Description: Relating to motor carrier rates
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To accelerate the conversion of the transfer tax on the privilege of transferring real property from a state excise tax to a county excise tax. Description: To accelerate the conversion of the transfer tax on the privilege of transferring real property from a state excise tax to a county excise tax
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to kidnapping. Description: Relating generally to kidnapping
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to removing certain felonies than can prohibit vehicle salespersons from receiving a license. Description: Relating to removing certain felonies than can prohibit vehicle salespersons from receiving a license
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing expired, outdated, inoperative and antiquated provisions and report requirements in education. Description: Removing expired, outdated, inoperative and antiquated provisions and report requirements in education
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring employers to send certain notifications when retirants are hired as temporary, part-time employees. Description: Requiring employers to send certain notifications when retirants are hired as temporary, part-time employees
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending the requirements to become an elected prosecutor. Description: Amending the requirements to become an elected prosecutor
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Public Utilities not required to pay interest on security deposits. Description: Public Utilities not required to pay interest on security deposits
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing members of development authorities to accept federally authorized reimbursement for services which the members rendered on a voluntary basis. Description: Authorizing members of development authorities to accept federally authorized reimbursement for services which the members rendered on a voluntary basis
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing for termination of extracurricular contact upon retirement. Description: Providing school personnel option to apply for extracurricular assignment after retirement
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Division of Human Services ñ Child Care and Development. Description: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Division of Human Services ñ Child Care and Development
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Homeland Security. Description: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Homeland Security
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing and amending appropriations by decreasing and increasing existing items of appropriation in the DHHR. Description: Supplementing and amending appropriations by decreasing and increasing existing items of appropriation in the DHHR
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementary appropriation to the Department of Commerce, Geological and Economic Survey. Description: Supplementary appropriation to the Department of Commerce, Geological and Economic Survey
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Homeland Security, Division of Administrative Services. Description: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Homeland Security, Division of Administrative Services
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Health. Description: Making a supplementary appropriation to the Department of Health and Human Resources, Division of Health
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to single-sex participation in interscholastic athletic events. Description: Relating to single-sex participation in interscholastic athletic events
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to unemployment insurance. Description: Relating to unemployment insurance
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplemental appropriation to Division of Human Services and Division of Health Central Office. Description: Making a supplemental appropriation to Division of Human Services and Division of Health Central Office
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplemental appropriation to the Department of Veterans' Assistance - Veterans Home. Description: Making a supplemental appropriation to the Department of Veterans' Assistance - Veterans Home
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making a supplemental appropriation to Dept. of Commerce, Dept. of Education, Senior Services and Civil Contingent Fund. Description: Making a supplemental appropriation to Dept. of Commerce, Dept. of Education, Senior Services and Civil Contingent Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Higher Education Rules. Description: Authorizing Higher Education Rules
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to reducing personal income tax rates generally. Description: Relating to reducing personal income tax rates generally
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to property tax increment financing districts. Description: Relating generally to property tax increment financing districts
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to clarifying the process of filling vacancies on ballots. Description: Relating to clarifying the process of filling vacancies on ballots
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation to establish a Reentry and Transitional Housing Program. Description: Authorizing the Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation to establisha Reentry and Transitional Housing Program
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Social Media Integrity and Anti-Corruption in Elections Act. Description: Social Media Intergrity and Anti-Corruption in Elections Act
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to increasing number of limited video lottery terminals. Description: Relating to increasing number of limited video lottery terminals
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the jurisdiction of the Public Service Commission. Description: Relating to the jurisdiction of the Public Service Commission
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the cost of medical records. Description: Relating to the cost of medical records
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a memorial to child labor and child workers who died in the course of employment in this state. Description: Establishing a memorial to child labor and child workers who died in the course of employment in this state
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to the Division of Motor Vehicles. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to the Division of Motor Vehicles
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to West Virginia State Police. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to West Virginia State Police
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Environmental Protection - Oil and Gas Reclamation Fund. Description: Making supplemental appropriation to Division of Environmental Protection - Oil and Gas Reclamation Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation to the Department of Education, State Board of Education. Description: Supplemental appropriation to the Department of Education, State Board of Education
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Making supplementary appropriation to West Virginia Commuter Rail Access Fund. Description: Making supplementary appropriation to West Virginia Commuter Rail Access Fund
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing for parity of payment for telehealth services between service in-person and service provided through telehealth platform. Description: Providing for parity of payment for telehealth services between service in-person and service provided through telehealth platform
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to claims arising out of WV Consumer Credit and Protection Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to encourage the efficient settlement of legal claims.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Limiting political activity by public employees. Description: Limiting political activity by public employees
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Continuing Licensed Racetrack Modernization Fund. Description: Continuing Licensed Racetrack Modernization Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Declaring work stoppage or strike by public employees to be unlawful. Description: The purpose of this bill is to declare any work stoppage or strike by public employees to be unlawful; define when a county board of education employee is considered to be participating in a concerted work stoppage or strike; prohibit use of accrued and equivalent instructional time to cancel days lost due to a concerted work stoppage or strike; prohibit a waiver by the State Board for a county board of educationís noncompliance with the employment and instructional term requirements if the noncompliance is the result of a concerted work stoppage or strike; declare participation in a concerted work stoppage or strike to be grounds for termination; require, if the employee remains employed, county boards of education to withhold the prorated salary or hourly pay of each employee participating in the concerted work stoppage or strike for each day the employee participates; require the sums to be forfeited to the county board of education; prohibit participation in extracurricular activities when an originally scheduled instructional day or noninstructional day is canceled due to a concerted work stoppage or strike; and prohibit a superintendent from closing a school in anticipation of or to facilitate a concerted work stoppage or strike.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to local health department accountability. Description: Relating to local health department accountability
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing for additional options for alternative certification for teachers. Description: Providing for additional options for alternative certification
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to in-field masterís degree. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit a classroom teacher from receiving the salary increase for any education level above A.B. plus 15 unless certain in-field masterís degree related requirements have been met.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing continued eligibility for developmental disability services to dependents of military members. Description: Providing continued eligibility for developmental disability services to dependents of military members
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating exemption to state sales and use tax for rental and leasing of equipment. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create an exemption in the state sales and use tax for the rental or leasing of equipment among commonly owned companies.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to WV Secondary School Activities Commission audits. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require the Legislative Auditor to conduct a performance audit of the West Virginia Secondary School Activities Commission and authorizing the inspection of records and examination of personnel. The bill permits subsequent performance audits to be conducted at reasonable and prudent intervals.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting insurance coverage from requiring prior authorization for tests to stage cancer. Description: Prohibiting insurance coverage from requiring prior authorization for tests to stage cancer
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Zombie Property Remediation Act of 2021. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize a municipality to commence a proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction, in the county in which the abandoned property is located, to compel a foreclosure to assist municipalities to be able to better address the ìzombie propertiesî that are plaguing communities across the state.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing person criminally responsible for another's death may not be involved in burial arrangements. Description: Providing next of kin criminally responsible for relative's death may not be involved in burial arrangements
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Expanding Coyote Control Program through voluntary assessment on breeding cows. Description: Expanding Coyote Control Program through voluntary assessment on breeding cows
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Voluntary WVU Rifle Team Check-Off Program on hunting and fishing licenses. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a Voluntary WVU Rifle Team Check-off Program on the cost of hunting and fishing license.¬ The bill creates a special fund for this purpose and designates how funds are to be used.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to authority of Emergency Medical Services Advisory Council. Description: The purpose of this bill is to specify the authority of the Emergency Medical Services Advisory Council in reviewing rules proposed by the Commissioner of the Bureau for Public Health under the Emergency Medical Services Act.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating "Choose Life" special registration plate supporting adoption. Description: Creating "Choose Life" special registration plate supporting adoption
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to rehabilitative spousal support. Description: Relating to rehabilitative spousal support
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing fair mechanism for adjudication of requests for relocation of parent with child. Description: style='font-size:10.0pt;color:windowtext'>The purpose of this bill is to provide a fair mechanism, that comports with due process, for the adjudication of requests for relocation of a parent with a child. The bill eliminates the following presumption in favor of relocation which was recognized in Syllabus Point 2 of Stacey J. v. Henry A., 842 S.E.2d 703 (2020), and Syllabus Point 3 of Nicole L. v. Steven W., 241 W.Va. 466, 825 S.E.2d 794 (2019):¬ ìPursuant to West Virginia Code ß 48-9-403(d)(1), if a parent who is exercising a significant majority of the custodial responsibility for a child proves that a proposed relocation is in good faith for a legitimate purpose, the location of the proposed move will be presumed to be reasonable. To overcome this presumption, the opposing parent must prove that the purpose of the move is substantially achievable without moving or by moving to a location that is substantially less disruptive of the opposing parentís relationship to the child.î
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing for administration of certain small estates by affidavit and without appointment of personal representative. Description: Allowing for administration of certain small estates by affidavit and without appointment of personal representative
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to WV Uniform Trust Code. Description: The purpose of this bill is to correct certain cross references in the West Virginia Uniform Trust Code to be consistent with other language concerning the standards governing trust directors and directed trustees.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting certain kindergarten and preschool programs offered by private schools from registration requirements. Description: The purpose of this bill is to exclude certain accredited private schools from requirements of the section.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing disabled veterans and purple heart recipients park free at paid parking of state or its political subdivisions. Description: Allowing disabled purple heart recipients park free at municipal metered parking spaces
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Administration to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Department of Administration to promulgate a legislative rule relating to purchasing.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Division of Rehabilitation Services rule relating to Ron Yost Personal Assistance Services Act Board. Description: Division of Rehabilitation Services rule relating to Ron Yost Personal Assistance Services Act Board
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Homeland Security to promulgate legislative rules. Description: Fire Commission rule relating to standards for certification and continuing education of municipal, county, and other public sector building code officials, building code inspectors, and plans examiners
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Revenue to promulgate legislative rules. Description: Alcohol Beverage Control Commission rule relating to private club licensing
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing miscellaneous agencies and boards to promulgate legislative rules. Description: Commissioner of Agriculture rule relating to animal disease control
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Commerce to promulgate legislative rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize the Department of Commerce to promulgate a legislative rule relating to tourism development districts.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to medical cannabis. Description: The purpose of this bill is to update and improve the West Virginia Medical Cannabis Act. The bill increases the geographic locations of dispensaries and the forms of acceptable medical cannabis. The bill makes other necessary technical and administrative changes, including clarifying that the Tax Division of the Department of Revenue, along with the Bureau of Public Health, will monitor the price of medical cannabis, and to apply the provisions of the West Virginia Tax Crimes and Penalties Act and the West Virginia Tax Procedure and Administration Act to the medical cannabis tax.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Making it unlawful for public utility to prohibit customers from hiring contractors to construct, install, or maintain connections to public utility. Description: Making it unlawful for public utility to prohibit customers from hiring contractors to construct, install, or maintain connections to public utility
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring DHHR collaborate with Workforce Development Board and WV Division of Personnel for purposes of job placement. Description: Requiring DHHR collaborate with Workforce Development Board and WV Division of Personnel for purposes of job placement
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting online raffles to benefit charitable and public service organizations. Description: Permitting online raffles to benefit nonprofit organizations
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing for collection of tax by hotel marketplace facilitators. Description: Providing for collection of tax by hotel marketplace facilitators
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to WV Employment Law Worker Classification Act. Description: Relating to WV Employment Law Worker Classification Act
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to WV Appellate Reorganization Act of 2021. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create an Intermediate Court of Appeals.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating COVID-19 Jobs Protection Act. Description: Creating COVID-19 Immunity Act
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to e-commerce modernization. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require government entities in the state to accept all payments electronically.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying that Economic Development Authority is not authorized to enter into banking contracts without State Treasurer approval. Description: Clarifying that Economic Development Authority is not authorized to enter into banking contracts without State Treasurer approval
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to savings and investment programs offered by state. Description: Permitting early closure of Prepaid Tuition Trust Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to economic development loans and loan insurance issued by state. Description: Relating generally to economic development loans and loan insurance issued by state
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to repealing certain rules. Description: The purpose of this bill is to repeal certain legislative, procedural, and interpretative rules promulgated by certain agencies, boards, and commissions which are no longer authorized or are obsolete.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to modernizing Board of Treasury Investments. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit the Board of Treasury Investments to compensate appointed members for each meeting attended and to eliminate certain outdated and contradictory investment restrictions.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Local Government Labor and Consumer Marketing Regulatory Limitation Act. Description: Creating Local Government Labor and Consumer Marketing Regulatory Limitation Act
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing exemption from consumers sales and service tax for certain aircraft maintenance. Description: Providing exemption from consumers sales and service tax for certain aircraft maintenance
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to in-state tuition rates for certain persons. Description: Relating generally to in-state tuition rates for certain persons
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying requirement that racetrack participate in WV Thoroughbred Development Fund by certain date. Description: Modifying requirement that racetrack participate in WV Thoroughbred Development Fund by certain date
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to acquisition and disposition of property by urban development authority. Description: Relating to acquisition and disposition of property by urban development authority
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Regulating pawnbrokers. Description: Regulating pawnbrokers
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to public notice of unclaimed property held by State Treasurer. Description: The purpose of this bill is to eliminate the requirement that the Treasurer publish a full list of unclaimed property in newspapers and instead require that information be included in a publicly available online database.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying and updating language regarding Fairmont State alumni license plates. Description: Clarifying and updating language regarding Fairmont State alumni license plates
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing procedure for WV to select delegates to Article V Convention. Description: Providing procedure for WV to select delegates to Article V Convention
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing license application process for needle exchange programs. Description: Establishing license application process for harm reduction programs
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to WV Invests Grant Program for students at accredited community and technical college. Description: The purpose of this bill is to make Promise scholarships available to students who wish to pursue a vocational certificate or degree in a community and technical college education program.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Fire Service Equipment and Training Fund. Description: The purpose of this bill is to fix a drafting error that occurred in the 2020 regular session.¬ This returns the language of the repealed ß29-3-5f to code, which was mistakenly overwritten by another, still existing code section.¬
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Expanding types of agricultural operations that are protected from nuisance and other legal actions. Description: Expanding types of agricultural operations that are protected from nuisance and other legal actions
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing DMV to process online driverís license or identification card change of address. Description: Authorizing DMV to process online driverís license or identification card change of address
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to credit for qualified rehabilitated buildings investment. Description: Relating to credit for qualified rehabilitated buildings investment
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expanding alcohol test and lock program to include offenders with drug-related offense. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand the alcohol test and lock program to offenders with a drug related offense, to authorize the commissioner to require drug testing, to authorize the deferral of the revocation period for a participant with a drug offense, and to authorize an offender of ß17B-4-3 to participate in the motor vehicle alcohol and drug test and lock program.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing DMV use electronic means when providing notice for licensees and vehicle owners. Description: Authorizing DMV use electronic means when providing notice for licensees and vehicle owners
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing for written part of drivers' exam given in high school drivers' education course. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow the written part of the operatorís license examination to be given in school driver education courses.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing prohibition on ATMs located in area where racetrack video lottery machines are located. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove the prohibition against having automated teller machines (ATMís) in an area where racetrack video lottery machines are located.¬
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Informing landowners when fencing that may contain livestock is damaged due to accident. Description: Informing landowners when fencing that may contain livestock is damaged due to accident
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing poll workers to work full and half days. Description: Allowing poll workers to work half days
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending supervision for conviction of soliciting minor and using obscene matter with intent to seduce minor. Description: Extending supervision for conviction of soliciting minor and using obscene matter with intent to seduce minor
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing DEP to develop Reclamation of Abandoned and Dilapidated Properties Program. Description: Authorizing DEP to develop Reclamation of Abandoned and Dilapidated Properties Program
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring certain documents that contain wage records be considered confidential. Description: Requiring certain documents that contain wage records be considered confidential
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing greater discretion to WV Board of Medicine to approve graduate clinical training. Description: Providing greater discretion to WV Board of Medicine to approve graduate clinical training
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to student aide class titles. Description: Relating to student aide class titles
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing threshold for bid requirement to $10,000 to be consistent with other state agencies. Description: Increasing threshold for bid requirement to $10,000 to be consistent with other state agencies
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to county boards of education policies for open enrollment. Description: Relating to county boards of education policies for open enrollment
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing obsolete provisions regarding DOH standards for studded tires and chains. Description: The purpose of this bill is to remove the requirement that the Commissioner of the Division of Highways set standards and regulate studded tires.¬ The U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's (NHTSA) Uniform Tire Quality Grade Standards (UTQG) regulates the safety of motor vehicles and related equipment.¬ NHTSAís regulations are authorized by 49 U.S.C. ß30123.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to extension for boil water advisories by water utility or public service district. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide an extension of the deadline by which a water utility company and public service district must provide boiled water advisories through a text or voice alert mass notification system. The bill also clarifies that the advisories may be by either text or voice alert, and not both.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating nonresident three-day fishing license. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a nonresident three-day fishing license and to set the license price.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to exempting certain organizations from property taxation. Description: The purpose of this bill is to exempt property, used exclusively for divine worship and the operation of a pre-K school, primary school, middle school, secondary school, or daycare center for children, which school or daycare center is operated by the church which owns the property or is operated by another not-for-profit organization or entity, from taxation.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to drug screening of applicants for cash assistance. Description: Relating to drug screening of applicants for cash assistance
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to State Resiliency Office responsibility to plan for emergency and disaster response, recovery, and resiliency. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that the office is responsible to plan for emergency and disaster response, recovery, and resiliency, clarifying that the state resiliency officer is a member of the board, placing the secretary of the department of health and human resources on the board, requiring that the resiliency officer only vote in the event of a tie vote of the board, requiring that the board elect a vice-chair from its membership, creating the duties and responsibilities of the vice-chairman; eliminating the notice requirement for board meetings.¬
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reorganizing Health Care Authority under DHHR and clarifying responsibilities for all-payer claims database. Description: Reorganizing Health Care Authority under DHHR and clarifying responsibilities for all-payer claims database
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to study of child protective services and foster care workforce. Description: Relating to study of child protective services and foster care workforce
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating penalty for impersonating law-enforcement officer or official. Description: Creating penalty for impersonation of law-enforcement officer or official
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Expanding PEIA Finance Board membership. Description: Expanding PEIA Finance Board membership
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing limitations on nuisance actions against fire department or EMS fixed sirens. Description: Providing limitations on nuisance actions against fire department or EMS fixed sirens
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to health care provider tax. Description: Relating to health care provider tax
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Limiting eligibility of certain employers to participate in PEIA plans. Description: Relating to moratorium on PEIA coverage with exceptions
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to WV Consumer Credit and Protection Act. Description: Relating to WV Consumer Credit and Protection Act
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying well work permits issued by DEP Office of Oil and Gas. Description: Modifying well work permits issued by DEP Office of Oil and Gas
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Redefining "firearm" to match federal code. Description: Redefining "firearm" to match federal code
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Workforce West Virginia to hire at-will employees. Description: Authorizing Workforce West Virginia to hire at-will employees
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing common law "veil piercing" claims not be used to impose personal liability. Description: Establishing common law "veil piercing" claims not be used to impose personal liability
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating fixed income credit for low-income senior citizens. Description: Creating fixed income credit for low-income senior citizens
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting Division of Emergency Management from Purchasing Division requirements for certain contracts. Description: Exempting Division of Emergency Management from Purchasing Division requirements for certain contracts
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to school attendance notification requirements to DMV. Description: Relating to school attendance notification requirements to DMV
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring training for law-enforcement officers responsible for investigating crimes of sexual assault. Description: Requiring training for law-enforcement officers specific to interviewing victims of sexual assault
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring county superintendents to authorize certain school principals or administrators at nonpublic schools to issue work permits for enrolled students. Description: Requiring county superintendents to authorize certain school principals or administrators at nonpublic schools to issue work permits for enrolled students
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to solid waste facilities. Description: Relating generally to solid waste facilities
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending contingent increase of tax rate on certain eligible acute care hospitals. Description: Extending contingent increase of tax rate on certain eligible acute care hospitals
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing use or nonuse of safety belt as admissible evidence in civil actions. Description: Allowing use or nonuse of safety belt as admissible evidence in civil actions
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Natural Resources Police Officers Retirement System. Description: Relating to Natural Resources Police Officers Retirement System
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to possession of firearms by individuals during state of emergency. Description: Relating to possession of firearms by individuals during state of emergency
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to return of member's paid contributions to heirs after member's death under certain circumstances. Description: Relating to return of member's paid contributions to heirs after member's death under certain circumstances
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Deputy Sheriff Retirement System Act. Description: Relating to Deputy Sheriff Retirement System Act
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Consolidating position of Inspector General of former Workersí Compensation Fraud and Abuse Unit and position of Director of Insurance Fraud Unit. Description: Consolidating position of Inspector General of former Workersí Compensation Fraud and Abuse Unit and position of Director of Insurance Fraud Unit
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring composting of organic materials and commercial composting products comply with WV Fertilizer Law. Description: Developing and implementing program to regulate source-separated organic material waste
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to appraisal management companies. Description: Expanding and clarifying definition of "appraisal management companies"
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to WV Municipal Police Officers and Firefighters Retirement System. Description: Relating to WV Municipal Police Officers and Firefighters Retirement System
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting and establishing requirements for appearance by video for purpose of notarial acts. Description: Permitting appearance by video for purpose of notarial act
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Limiting release of certain personal information maintained by state agencies. Description: Limiting release of certain personal information maintained by state agencies
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating criteria for regulating certain occupations and professions. Description: Updating criteria for regulating certain occupations and professions
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Exempting DOH from Purchasing Division procedures. Description: Exempting DOH from Purchasing Division procedures
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Dedicating certain fees collected by Division of Labor to General Revenue Fund. Description: Dedicating certain fees collected by agencies and licensing boards to General Revenue Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting use of established federal marketplace programs to purchase supplies. Description: Permitting use of established federal marketplace programs to purchase supplies
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to WV veterans service decoration and WV Service Cross. Description: Relating to WV veterans service decoration and WV Service Cross
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing oaths be taken before any person authorized to administer oaths. Description: Allowing oaths be taken before any person authorized to administer oaths
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to use or presentation of firearm during commission of felony. Description: Relating to use or presentation of firearm during commission of felony
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to powers and duties of Chief Technology Officer. Description: Relating to powers and duties of Chief Technology Officer
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Updating Division of Purchasing procurement and spending thresholds. Description: Updating Division of Purchasing procurement and spending thresholds
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to distributing hotel occupancy tax to convention and visitor's bureaus. Description: Relating to distributing hotel occupancy tax to convention and visitor's bureaus
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation from General Revenue to Department of Veteransí Assistance. Description: Supplemental appropriation from General Revenue to Department of Veteransí Assistance
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing program for bonding to reclaim abandoned wind and solar generation facilities. Description: Establishing program for bonding to reclaim abandoned wind and solar generation facilities
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing transfer of moneys from Insurance Commission Fund to Workersí Compensation Old Fund. Description: Authorizing transfer of moneys from Insurance Commission Fund to Workersí Compensation Old Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to punishment for second or third degree felony. Description: Relating to punishment for second or third degree felony
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting intimidation and retaliation against public officers and employees, jurors, and witnesses. Description: Prohibiting intimidation and retaliation against public officers and employees, jurors, and witnesses
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Continuing and indexing of license and stamp fees. Description: Continuing and indexing of license and stamp fees
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing lifetime hunting, fishing, and trapping license to residents, adopted, and foster children under 15. Description: Providing lifetime hunting, fishing, and trapping license to residents and adopted children under 15
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to public records management and preservation. Description: Relating to public records management and preservation fees
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Removing requirement that determination of medical stability be found prior to admission to mental health facility. Description: Removing requirement that determination of medical stability be found prior to admission to mental health facility
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing criteria for Natural Resource Commission appointment and compensation. Description: Providing criteria for Natural Resource Commission appointment and compensation
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to sunset provisions of legislative rules. Description: Relating to sunset provisions of legislative rules
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to grounds for administrative dissolution of certain companies, corporations, and partnerships. Description: Relating to grounds for administrative dissolution of certain companies, corporations, and partnerships
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending licensure renewal term of certain private investigators, security guards, and associated firms. Description: Extending licensure renewal term of certain private investigators, security guards, and associated firms
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Correcting improper code references. Description: Correcting improper code references
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Correcting improper citation relating to DMV registration. Description: Correcting improper citation relating to DMV registration
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing causes for revocation, cancellation, or suspension of business registration certificate. Description: Establishing causes for revocation, cancellation, or suspension of business registration certificate
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to incomplete, duplicative, or redundant claims for refund. Description: Relating to incomplete, duplicative, or redundant claims for refund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Limiting claims for state tax credits and rebates. Description: Limiting claims for state tax credits and rebates
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting Economic Development Authority to make working capital loans from revolving loan fund capitalized with federal grant funds. Description: Permitting Economic Development Authority to make working capital loans from revolving loan fund capitalized with federal grant funds
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to kidnapping. Description: Relating generally to kidnapping
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to public electric utilities and facilities fuel supply for existing coal-fired plants. Description: Relating to Public Energy Authority Act of WV
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing Chuck Yeager Mountain State Medal of Excellence. Description: Establishing Chuck Yeager Mountain State Medal of Excellence
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to fireworks. Description: Relating to fireworks
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing counties with authority to impose county sales and use tax of up to one percent under certain circumstances. Description: Providing counties with authority to impose county sales and use tax of up to one percent under certain circumstances
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Revising forms of living will, medical power of attorney, and combined medical power of attorney and living will. Description: Revising forms of living will, medical power of attorney, and combined medical power of attorney and living will
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to damages for medical monitoring. Description: Relating to damages for medical monitoring
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting certain fire departments from licensure requirements for providing rapid response services. Description: Exempting certain fire departments from licensure requirements for providing rapid response services
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring BOE create and provide course in family and consumer sciences in secondary schools. Description: Requiring BOE create and provide course in family and consumer sciences in secondary schools
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing WV veterans discounts on fees and charges at state parks. Description: Providing WV veterans 50 percent off fees and charges at state parks
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making contract consummation with state more efficient. Description: Making contract consummation with state more efficient
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring county boards of education and county superintendents to comply with instructions of State Board of Education. Description: Requiring county boards of education and county superintendents to comply with instructions of State Board of Education
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Removing restriction preventing medical marijuana from being in edible form. Description: Removing restriction preventing medical marijuana from being in edible form
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to public employees grievance procedure. Description: Relating generally to public employees grievance procedure
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring county commissions create districts for towing services. Description: Requiring WV State Police follow towing service policies of county
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing tuition and fee waivers at state higher education institutions for volunteers who have completed service in AmeriCorps programs in WV. Description: Providing tuition and fee waivers at state higher education institutions for volunteers who have completed service in AmeriCorps programs in WV
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding classification and base salaries of certain civilian employees of State Police Forensic Laboratory. Description: Adding classification and base salaries of certain civilian employees of State Police Forensic Laboratory
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing compensation for elected county officials. Description: Increasing compensation for elected county officials
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating regulation for purchase of automobile catalytic converters. Description: Updating regulation for purchase of automobile catalytic converters
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring training of certain officers for persons with autism spectrum disorder. Description: Requiring training of certain officers for persons with autism spectrum disorder
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring State Fire Commission propose rules for sprinkler protection in basements of certain buildings. Description: Requiring State Fire Commission propose rules for sprinkler protection in basements of certain buildings
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring certain history and civics courses be taught in schools. Description: Requiring certain history and civics courses be taught in schools
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing counties to use severance tax proceeds for litter cleanup programs. Description: Allowing counties to use severance tax proceeds for litter cleanup programs
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring legal advertisements by State Auditor be posted to central website. Description: Requiring legal advertisements by State Auditor be posted to central website
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting certain persons pursuing degree in speech pathology and audiology from license requirements. Description: Exempting certain persons pursing degree in speech pathology and audiology from license requirements
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing county boards of education to publish financial statements on website. Description: Allowing county boards of education to publish financial statements on website
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Eliminating sunset and legislative audit provisions for certain PSC rules. Description: Eliminating sunset and legislative audit provisions for certain PSC rules
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to free expression on state institution of higher education campuses. Description: Forming Open and Robust University Minds Act
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring sheriff's departments to participate and utilize Handle With Care Program for trauma-inflicted children. Description: Requiring sheriff's departments to participate and utilize Handle With Care Program for trauma-inflicted children
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing for cooperation between law-enforcement agencies and military authorities. Description: Providing for cooperation between law-enforcement agencies and military authorities
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting retailers to assume sales or use tax assessed on tangible personal property. Description: Permitting retailers to assume sales or use tax assessed on tangible personal property
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing fee for processing of criminal bonds. Description: Providing fee for processing of criminal bonds
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact. Description: Creating Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Appointing Director of Office of Emergency Medical Services. Description: Appointing Director of Office of Emergency Medical Services
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to venue for bringing civil action or arbitration proceedings under construction contracts. Description: Relating to venue for bringing civil action or arbitration proceedings under construction contracts
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying that unpaid restitution does not preclude person from obtaining driver's license. Description: Clarifying that unpaid restitution does not preclude person from obtaining driver's license
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to miners' safety, health, and training standards. Description: Relating generally to miners' safety, health, and training standards
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing State Superintendent of Schools define classroom teachers certified in special education. Description: Allowing State Superintendent of Schools define classroom teachers certified in special education
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding Curator of Division of Arts, Culture, and History as ex officio voting member to Library Commission. Description: Adding Curator of Division of Arts, Culture, and History as ex officio voting member to Library Commission
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating certain definitions and terms used in WV Personal Income Tax Act. Description: Updating certain definitions and terms used in WV Personal Income Tax Act
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing procedures for decreasing or increasing corporate limits by annexation. Description: Providing procedures for decreasing or increasing corporate limits by annexation
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to involuntary hospitalization, competency, and criminal responsibility of persons charged or convicted of certain crimes. Description: Relating to involuntary hospitalization, competency, and criminal responsibility of persons charged or convicted of certain crimes
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring impact statement in certain instances of school closing or consolidation. Description: Requiring impact statement in certain instances of school closing or consolidation
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to school aid formula and minimum student enrollment. Description: Relating to school aid formula and minimum student enrollment
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to inmate good time. Description: Relating generally to inmate good time
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to physician assistant practice act. Description: Relating to physician assistant practice act
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Recovery and Hope Act. Description: Creating Recovery and Hope Act
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation from General Revenue to WV Community and Technical College Education, Control Account. Description: Supplemental appropriation from General Revenue to WV Community and Technical College Education, Control Account
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to Coal Severance Tax Rebate. Description: Relating generally to Coal Severance Tax Rebate
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adopting Rules of the House of Delegates. Description: Adopting Rules of the House of Delegates
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the publication of a Legislative Manual and authorizing payment of travel and other expenses of the House. Description: Authorizing the publication of a Legislative Manual and authorizing payment of travel and other expenses of the House
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing printing and distribution of Acts of the Legislature and Journals of the House of Delegates. Description: Authorizing printing and distribution of Acts of the Legislature and Journals of the House of Delegates
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the appointment of employees for this, the First Regular Session of the Eighty-fifth Legislature, Two Thousand Twenty-one. Description: Authorizing the appointment of employees for this, the First Regular Session of the Eighty-fifth Legislature, Two Thousand Twenty-one
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Implementing pandemic safety procedures for the 2021 regular session. Description: Implementing pandemic safety procedures for the 2021 regular session
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending House Rules 104, 112 and 131, relating to the Delegate Console System. Description: Amending House Rules 104, 112 and 131, relating to the Delegate Console System
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Resolution to honor the life of Officer Cassie Johnson. Description: Resolution to honor the life of Officer Cassie Johnson
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Declaring National FFA Week in West Virginia. Description: Declaring National FFA Week in West Virginia
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Resolution on West Virginiaís Energy Future. Description: Resolution on West Virginiaís Energy Future
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging the President of the United States to appoint Dr. Rahul Gupta as the Director of the Office of National Drug Control. Description: Urging the President of the United States to appoint Dr. Rahul Gupta as the Director of the Office of National Drug Control
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing the importance of coal-fired power plants and coal resources to WVís future. Description: Recognizing the importance of coal-fired power plants and coal resources to WVís future
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending House Rule 65, relating to the daily order of business. Description: Amending House Rule 65, relating to the daily order of business
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Calling for the construction of an licensed Off Highway Vehicle (OHV) vehicle semi-contiguous trail to parallel the Appalachian Hiking Trail on the western side. Description: Calling for the construction of an licensed Off Highway Vehicle (OHV) vehicle semi-contiguous trail to parallel the Appalachian Hiking Trail on the western side
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging the Governor of West Virginia to form a task force regarding Mylan Pharmaceuticals plant in Morgantown. Description: Calling upon President to invoke Defense Production Act to employ the former Mylan Pharmaceuticals plant in Morgantown into production of vaccines, medications, and protective equipment.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Support the signing of a Bilateral Trade Agreement (BTA) between the United States and the Republic of China (Taiwan). Description: Support the signing of a Bilateral Trade Agreement (BTA) between the United States and the Republic of China (Taiwan)
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to study the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic has revealed efficiencies and/or inefficiencies in the executive branch of government in West Virginia. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to study the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic has revealed efficiencies and/or inefficiencies in the executive branch of government in West Virginia
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adopting rules of Senate. Description: Adopting rules of Senate
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying House of Delegates Senate has organized. Description: Notifying House of Delegates Senate has organized
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying Governor Legislature has organized. Description: Notifying Governor Legislature has organized
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing mailing of journals and bills. Description: Authorizing mailing of journals and bills
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing appointment of Senate employees. Description: Authorizing appointment of Senate employees
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adopting special rule of order relating to proxy voting due to COVID-19 pandemic. Description: Adopting special rule of order relating to proxy voting due to COVID-19 pandemic
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing pregnancy care centers for dedication to assisting women, men, and families facing unexpected pregnancy. Description: Recognizing pregnancy care centers for dedication to assisting women, men, and families facing unexpected pregnancy
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing 149th anniversary of Glenville State College. Description: Recognizing 149th anniversary of Glenville State College
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 25, 2021, as Fairmont State University Day. Description: Designating February 25, 2021, as Fairmont State University Day
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing WV Children's Home Society. Description: Recognizing WV Children's Home Society
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating Sexual Assault Awareness Day in WV. Description: Designating Sexual Assault Awareness Day in WV
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of John W. Small, Jr., WV's longest serving elected official and dedicated public servant. Description: Memorializing life of John W. Small, Jr., WV's longest serving elected official and dedicated public servant
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Benjamin Portaro, decorated US Army combat veteran and centenarian. Description: Recognizing Benjamin Portaro, decorated US Army combat veteran and centenarian
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Pierpont Community and Technical College Day. Description: Pierpont Community and Technical College Day
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Acknowledging WV Botanic Garden, Inc.. Description: Acknowledging WV Botanic Garden, Inc.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending Senate Rule 14 relating to introduction of concurrent resolutions. Description: Amending Senate Rule 14 relating to introduction of concurrent resolutions
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing Patrolman Cassie Marie Johnson. Description: Memorializing Patrolman Cassie Marie Johnson
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating Pocahontas County on its bicentennial. Description: Congratulating Pocahontas County on its bicentennial
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reaffirming sister-state partnership between WV and Taiwan. Description: Reaffirming sister-state partnership between WV and Taiwan
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Disability Advocacy Day. Description: Disability Advocacy Day
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing anniversary of SS Sultana tragedy. Description: Recognizing anniversary of SS Sultana tragedy
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging Governor to work with congressional members to save jobs and repurpose former Mylan plant in Morgantown. Description: Urging Governor form task force to ask President to invoke Defense Production Act of 1950
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating March 2021 as Red Cross Month. Description: Designating March 2021 as Red Cross Month
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging President appoint Dr. Rahul Gupta as Director of Office of National Drug Control Policy. Description: Urging President appoint Dr. Rahul Gupta as Director of Office of National Drug Control Policy
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing 100th anniversary of American Physical Therapy Association. Description: Recognizing 100th anniversary of American Physical Therapy Association
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating Wheeling Park High School Speech and Debate Team for winning state championship. Description: Congratulating Wheeling Park High School Speech and Debate Team for winning state championship
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating March 23, 2021, as Recovery Community Day. Description: Designating March 23, 2021, as Recovery Community Day
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing importance of coal-fired power plants and coal resources to WV's future. Description: Recognizing importance of coal-fired power plants and coal resources to WV's future
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing 20th anniversary of WV Rural Health Infrastructure Loan Fund. Description: Recognizing 20th anniversary of WV Rural Health Infrastructure Loan Fund
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of Honorable Mr. Shirley Dean Love. Description: Memorializing life of Honorable Mr. Shirley Dean Love
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating March as National Social Work Month. Description: Designating March as National Social Work Month
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating George Washington High School Patriots boys' soccer team. Description: Congratulating George Washington High School Patriots boys' soccer team
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing senior center personnel for their dedication throughout COVID-19 pandemic. Description: Recognizing senior center personnel for their dedication throughout COVID-19 pandemic
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Coalfield Health Center's contributions to rural health care. Description: Recognizing Coalfield Health Center's contributions to rural health care
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing clean energy's importance to WV's energy future. Description: Recognizing clean energy's importance to WV's energy future
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Cabell County Public Library on being named as finalist for 2021 National Medal for Museum and Library Service. Description: Recognizing Cabell County Public Library on being named as finalist for 2021 National Medal for Museum and Library Service
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of Gilbert Benton "Gib" Miller, Sr. Description: Memorializing life of Gilbert Benton "Gib" Miller, Sr
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Ben Ferrell on his achievements in archery. Description: Recognizing Ben Ferrell on his achievements in archery
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating Miss Pre-Teen USA, 2020, Tiarah Thornton, on her achievements. Description: Congratulating Miss Pre-Teen USA, 2020, Tiarah Thompson, on her achievements
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing 150th anniversary of Summers County. Description: Recognizing 150th anniversary of Summers County
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating George Washington High School History Bowl team. Description: Congratulating George Washington High School History Bowl team
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating Walker Combs for winning 2020 National History Bee Championship. Description: Congratulating Walker Combs for winning 2020 National History Bee Championship
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting construction of off-highway vehicle trail to parallel Appalachian Hiking Trail. Description: Requesting construction of off-highway vehicle trail to parallel Appalachian Hiking Trail
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing public service of Honorable Tod Kaufman. Description: Recognizing public service of Honorable Tod Kaufman
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing centennial of WV Board of Architects. Description: Recognizing centennial of WV Board of Architects
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Buffalo Elementary on being Imagine Learning's March MATH Madness champions. Description: Recognizing Buffalo Elementary on being Imagine Learning's March MATH Madness champions
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing AARP WV and Capitol Advocacy Team volunteers. Description: Recognizing AARP WV and Capitol Advocacy Team volunteers
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing 60th anniversary of WVU at Parkersburg. Description: Recognizing 60th anniversary of WVU at Parkersburg
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying House of Delegates Senate is ready to adjourn sine die. Description: Notifying House of Delegates Senate is ready to adjourn sine die
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying Governor Legislature is ready to adjourn sine die. Description: Notifying Governor Legislature is ready to adjourn sine die
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Raising a Joint Assembly to open and publish election returns. Description: Raising a Joint Assembly to open and publish election returns
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing for an adjournment of the Legislature until February 10, 2021. Description: Providing for an adjournment of the Legislature until February 10, 2021
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending an invitation to His Excellency, the Governor, to deliver an address to the Legislature and raising a Joint Assembly therefor. Description: Extending an invitation to His Excellency, the Governor, to deliver an address to the Legislature and raising a Joint Assembly therefor
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Private First Class Herman Harold Lucas Memorial Bridge. Description: Name bridge in Cabell County the Private First Class Herman Harold Lucas Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Army SFC Guy Hively Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Army SFC Guy Hively Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging Congress to call a convention of states to limit terms of office of the US House of Representatives. Description: The purpose of this resolution is to apply to and urge Congress to call a convention of the states, under the authority reserved to the states in Article V of the United States Constitution, limited to proposing amendments to the Constitution of the United States, and limit the terms of office for persons elected to the United States House of Representatives or to the United States Senate.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: James ìBig Jimî Shaffer Memorial Bridge. Description: James ìBig Jimî Shaffer Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Thomas Brothers Memorial Bridge. Description: Thomas Brothers Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Charles E. Jarvis Memorial Bridge. Description: Charles E. Jarvis Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: TEC 5 U. S. Army Donald ìTinyî Lucas Memorial Bridge. Description: TEC 5 U. S. Army Donald ìTinyî Lucas Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Rare Disease Day. Description: Rare Disease Day
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: PFC Franklin D. Frazier Memorial Road. Description: PFC Franklin D. Frazier Memorial Road
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U. S. Army SSG James C. Vickers Highway. Description: James C. Vickers Silver Star Highway
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Daniel Okey Cunningham Memorial Bridge. Description: Daniel Okey Cunningham Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: ìU.S. Army Pvt. Dallis H. Johnson WWII Memorial Bridge.î. Description: ìU.S. Army Pvt. Dallis H. Johnson WWII Memorial Bridge.î
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Bill Withers Memorial Road. Description: Bill Withers Memorial Road
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: SP4 Dennis Harvey Roberts Bridge, McDowell County. Description: SP4 Dennis Harvey Roberts Bridge, McDowell County
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Bill OíDell Memorial Bridge. Description: Bill OíDell Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Declaring March 4, 2021 to be Sexual Assault Awareness Day in West Virginia.. Description: Declaring March 4, 2021 to be Sexual Assault Awareness Day in West Virginia.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging Congress to extend federal tax incentives to participants in Jumpstart Savings programs that are similar to those that are currently provided to participants in College Savings plans, pursuant to 26 U.S.C. ß529. Description: Urging Congress to extend federal tax incentives to participants in Jumpstart Savings programs that are similar to those that are currently provided to participants in College Savings plans, pursuant to 26 U.S.C. ß529
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: William Edward Friese Memorial Bridge. Description: William Edward Friese Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Victor Yoak Memorial Bridge. Description: Victor Yoak Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Harvey Lemasters Memorial Bridge. Description: Harvey Lemasters Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Paul J. Hofe Memorial Bridge. Description: Paul J. Hofe Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: To name Gatewood Road in Fayette County as the ìSenator Shirley Love Memorial Road.î. Description: To name Gatewood Road in Fayette County as the ìSenator Shirley Love Memorial Road.î
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Norman A. and Carrie G. Silver Memorial Bridge. Description: Norman A. and Carrie G. Silver Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Declaring the ìpepperoni rollî to be the official state food of West Virginia. Description: Declaring the ìpepperoni rollî to be the official state food of West Virginia
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting the Department of Health and Human Resources to continuously evaluate the child welfare system. Description: Requesting the Department of Health and Human Resources to continuously evaluate the child welfare system
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: ìU.S. Marine Corps Sergeant David Andrew Green Memorial Bridge.î. Description: ìU.S. Marine Corps Sergeant David Andrew Green Memorial Bridge.î
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Guy Maywood Edwards Memorial Bridge. Description: Guy Maywood Edwards Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Halstead Brothers WWII Veterans Memorial Bridge.. Description: Halstead Brothers WWII Veterans Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army CSM Hugh H. ëSmokeyí Stover Memorial Road. Description: U. S. Army CSM Hugh H. ëSmokeyí Stover Memorial Road
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Timothy Wayne Farley Memorial Bridge. Description: Timoty Wayne Farley Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U. S. Navy BM1 Farris Burton Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Navy BM1 Farris Burton Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: SP5 Terry Lee McClanahan Memorial Bridge. Description: SP5 Terry Lee McClanahan Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To balance the judicial workload and realign the current court systems based on their caseloads. Description: To balance the judicial workload and realign the current court systems based on their caseloads.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U.S. Army Private Elmo Davis Memorial Road. Description: U.S. Army Private Elmo Davis Memorial Road
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: World War II Veterans Toothman Brothers Memorial Bridge. Description: World War II Veterans Toothman Brothers Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Studying the viability of creating a veterinary school in West Virginia. Description: Asking the HEPC to create a Committee to study the possibility of starting a veterinary school between Fairmont and Glenville State
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Create a resolution urging the FDA not to pass certain rules.. Description: Create a resolution urging the FDA not to pass certain rules.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Kohlton Red Haney Memorial Bridge. Description: Kohlton Red Haney Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Cpl. Billy F. Mann Memorial Bridge. Description: Cpl. Billy F. Mann Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Major Samuel Wilson Rogers Jr. Memorial Bridge. Description: Major Samuel Wilson Rogers Jr. Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: ìMayor George Karos Bridge.". Description: ìU.S. Navy 3/C Petty Officer George Karos Memorial Bridge.î
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Deputy Sheriff Scott D. Myers Memorial Bridge. Description: Deputy Sheriff Scott D. Myers Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Officer Cassie Johnson - Fallen Heroes Memorial Bridge. Description: Officer Cassie Johnson - Fallen Heroes Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Roy E. Givens Memorial Road. Description: Roy E. Givens Memorial Road
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing for the issuance of not to exceed $22 million of refunding bonds pursuant to the Safe Roads Amendment of 1996. Description: Providing for the issuance of not to exceed $22 million of refunding bonds pursuant to the Safe Roads Amendment of 1996
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Calling for the construction of an licensed Off Highway Vehicle (OHV) vehicle semi-contiguous trail to parallel the Appalachian Hiking Trail on the western side. Description: calling for the construction of an licensed Off Highway Vehicle (OHV) vehicle semi-contiguous trail to parallel the Appalachian Hiking Trail on the western side
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Doctor Enrique Aguilar Memorial Bridge. Description: Doctor Enrique and Mrs. Sallie H. Aguilar Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: David Allen Drake, Sr. Memorial Bridge. Description: David Allen Drake, Sr. Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U.S. Army Corporal Charles William ìBillî Knight Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Army Corporal Charles William ìBillî Knight Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U.S. Navy Seaman 1st Class Byrne Lee Singleton Memorial Bridge.. Description: U.S. Navy Seaman 1st Class Byrne Lee Singleton Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Elmer Galford Memorial Road. Description: Elmer Galford Memorial Road
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting an examination of juvenile proceedings. Description: Requesting an examination of juvenile proceedings
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to study the declining population of military service veterans in West Virginia. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to study the declining population of military service veterans in West Virginia
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: World War II Veterans Toothman Brothers Memorial Bridge. Description: World War II Veterans Toothman Brothers Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Study the recruitment and retention of Health Care Workers in West Virginia. Description: Study the recruitment and retention of Health Care Workers in West Virginia
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Study resolution regarding Courtesy Patrol submitting billing for reimbursement in certain instances. Description: Study resolution regarding Courtesy Patrol submitting billing for reimbursement in certain instances
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: To study considering methods of retaining native businesses. Description: To study considering methods of retaining native businesses
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Joint Committee and Government and Finance study the effect losing a Congressional district would have on boards, commissions and others. Description: Requesting Joint Committee and Government and Finance study the effect losing a Congressional district would have on boards, commissions and others
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: For West Virginias Public Employee Insurance Agency (PEIA) Finance Board to examine how they can enhance reimbursement rates to providers. Description: For West Virginias Public Employee Insurance Agency (PEIA) Finance Board to examine how they can enhance reimbursement rates to providers
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study childcare in the state of West Virginia. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study childcare in the state of West Virginia
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting study on how Local Health Departments are funded and supported. Description: Requesting study on how Local Health Departments are funded and supported
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting a study of the stateís laboratory needs and the utilization of private laboratories. Description: Requesting a study of the stateís laboratory needs and the utilization of private laboratories
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: A resolution to study attracting and retaining remote workers in West Virginia.. Description: A resolution to study attracting and retaining remote workers in West Virginia.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Interim study to improve the education system in West Virginia. Description: Interim study to improve the education system in West Virginia
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the expiration of certain emergency orders issued during the coronavirus pandemic declared on March 16, 2020 in West Virginia. Description: Providing for the expiration of certain emergency orders issued during the coronavirus pandemic declared on March 16, 2020 in West Virginia
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the current process of involuntary hospitalization, competency, and criminal responsibility of persons charged or convicted of certain crimes. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the current process of involuntary hospitalization, competency, and criminal responsibility of persons charged or convicted of certain crimes
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the effect of empowering the West Virginia Sentencing Commission to study the effect of a criminal code rewrite. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the effect of empowering the West Virginia Sentencing Commission to study the effect of a criminal code rewrite
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Extending the regular session of the Legislature, 2021. Description: Extending the regular session of the Legislature, 2021
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing for an adjournment of the Legislature until May 10, 2021. Description: Providing for an adjournment of the Legislature until May 10, 2021
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adopting joint rules of Senate and House of Delegates. Description: Adopting joint rules of Senate and House of Delegates
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing payment of expenses of 85th Legislature. Description: Authorizing payment of expenses of 85th Legislature
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging Congress reopen public lands in WV. Description: Urging Congress reopen public lands in WV
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing June 19 as Juneteenth Day. Description: Recognizing June 19 as Juneteenth Day
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Urging Congress call Article V convention to impose fiscal restraints on federal government. Description: Urging Congress call Article V convention to impose fiscal restraints on federal government
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Navy Seaman 2nd Class Wilbur 'Webb' Hahn and John W. Hahn Memorial Bridge. Description: US Navy Seaman 2nd Class Wilbur 'Webb' Hahn and John W. Hahn Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Fire Chief Kenneth Junior Russell Memorial Bridge. Description: Fire Chief Kenneth Junior Russell Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Haynie Family Veterans Memorial Bridge. Description: Haynie Family Veterans Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Urging Adjutant General to establish Honor Guard in each unit to perform military funeral honors. Description: Urging Adjutant General to establish Honor Guard in each unit to perform military funeral honors
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating WV Women's Suffrage Memorial. Description: Creating WV Women's Suffrage Memorial
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending certain leases between US Army Corps of Engineers and Nicholas County Airport Authority. Description: Extending certain leases between US Army Corps of Engineers and Nicholas County Airport Authority
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: USMC Corporal Roger Lee Boothe Memorial Road. Description: USMC Corporal Roger Lee Boothe Memorial Road
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: USMC Captain Dempsey Stowers Memorial Bridge. Description: USMC Captain Dempsey Stowers Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Curtis "Pap" and Millie "Mammie" Asbury Memorial Bridge. Description: Curtis "Pap" and Millie "Mammie" Asbury Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: US Army SSG Elson M. Kuhn Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army SSG Elson M. Kuhn Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supporting and celebrating centennial anniversary of Jones Act. Description: Supporting and celebrating centennial anniversary of Jones Act
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: US Army SGT Charles L. Toppings Memorial Road. Description: US Army SGT Charles L. Toppings Memorial Road
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: USMC CPL Guy Maywood Edwards Memorial Bridge. Description: USMC CPL Guy Maywood Edwards Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Walker Brothers Veterans Memorial Bridge. Description: Walker Brothers Veterans Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: William Gregory "Greg" White, PE, Memorial Bridge. Description: William Gregory "Greg" White, PE, Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Frye Brothers Veteran Memorial Bridge. Description: Frye Brothers Veteran Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Cox Brothers Veteran Memorial Bridge. Description: Cox Brothers Veteran Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: US Air Force TSGT Franklin A. Bradford Memorial Bridge. Description: US Air Force TSGT Franklin A. Bradford Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Nitro WW I Memorial Bridge. Description: Nitro WW I Living Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Home of Nick Saban. Description: Birthplace of Alabama Coach Nick Saban
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on legal process for collection and enforcement of delinquent taxes and lands. Description: Requesting study on legal process for collection and enforcement of delinquent taxes and lands
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Firefighter Marvin Layton Hughes Memorial Bridge. Description: Firefighter Marvin Layton Hughes Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: US Army PVT Joseph Stanley McKinney Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army PVT Joseph Stanley McKinney Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Harrison County Veterans Memorial Bridge. Description: Harrison County Veterans Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Dennis E. Davis Veterans Nursing Home. Description: Dennis E. Davis Veterans Nursing Home
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Stanley W. and Evelyn C. See Memorial Bridge. Description: Stanley W. and Evelyn C. See Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: US Army PFC Billy Keith Ford Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army PFC Billy Keith Ford Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on development and expansion of municipal recycling programs. Description: Requesting study on development and expansion of municipal recycling programs
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: USMC SGT MAJ Herman H. Brawner Memorial Bridge. Description: USMC SGT MAJ Herman H. Brawner and Fayma Brawner Memorial Bridge
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Encouraging certain facilities improve palliative care programs. Description: Ecouraging certain facilities improve palliative care programs
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Urging Congress and President to protect Second Amendment of US Constitution. Description: Urging Congress and President to protect Second Amendment of US Constitution
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supporting Atlantic Coast Pipeline. Description: Supporting Atlantic Coast Pipeline
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on electronic database publication of legal notices in lieu of newspaper publication. Description: Requesting study on electronic database publication of legal notices in lieu of newspaper publication
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on creating third tier within PERS for public safety employees. Description: Requesting study on creating third tier within PERS for public safety employees
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on program for suicide prevention for veterans and active-duty members of armed forces, National Guard, and reserves. Description: Requesting study on program for suicide prevention for veterans and active-duty members of armed forces, National Guard, and reserves
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on consolidating county boards of education to provide efficiencies and direct cost savings. Description: Requesting study on consolidating county boards of education to provide efficiencies and direct cost savings
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on existing and potential income sources for State Road Fund. Description: Requesting study on existing and potential income sources for State Road Fund
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on criteria for honorary infrastructure naming resolutions. Description: Requesting study on criteria for honorary infrastructure naming resolutions
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on paid family leave for state and county boards of education employees. Description: Requesting study on paid family leave for state and county boards of education employees
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on plan to promote adventure travel throughout WV. Description: Requesting study on plan to promote adventure travel throughout WV
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on population of children experiencing homelessness and services provided. Description: Requesting study on population of children experiencing homelessness and services provided
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on summer and non-school-day food programs by county boards of education. Description: Requesting study on summer and non-school-day food programs by county boards of education
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on reducing criminal activity and increasing online marketplace transparency. Description: Requesting study on reducing criminal activity and increasing online marketplace transparency
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on coinciding elections of political subdivisions with statewide and federal elections. Description: Requesting study on coinciding elections of political subdivisions with statewide and federal elections
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on mental health parity in WV. Description: Requesting study on mental health parity in WV
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on fiscal impact of elimination or reduction of current tangible property tax. Description: Requesting study on fiscal impact of elimination or reduction of current tangible property tax
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on structure of WV business and occupation tax. Description: Requesting study on structure of WV business and occupation tax
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on structure of state regulation and statutory construction on gambling entities. Description: Requesting study on structure of state regulation and statutory construction on gambling entities
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on moneys spent by state for public broadcasting and other public services. Description: Requesting study on moneys spent by state for public broadcasting and other public services
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Urging Governor develop taskforce to identify and facilitate new economic opportunities in certain areas. Description: Urging Governor develop taskforce to identify and facilitate new economic opportunities in certain areas
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Education Accountability Amendment. Description: The purpose of this resolution is to put a proposed amendment to the West Virginia Constitution on the ballot during the 2022 general elections.¬ The amendment would clarify that the general supervisory authority of the State Board of Education, including its rules, is subject to legislative enactments.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing that courts have no authority or jurisdiction to intercede or intervene in, or interfere with, any impeachment proceedings of the House of Delegates or the Senate. Description: The purpose of this resolution is to clarify that courts have no authority or jurisdiction to intercede or intervene in or interfere with impeachment proceedings of the House of Delegates or the Senate and that a judgment rendered by the Senate following an impeachment trial is not reviewable by any court of this state.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Property Tax Modernization Amendment. Description: The purpose of this resolution is to provide the Legislature with authority to establish the valuation, assessment value and classification of property in this state for purposes of ad valorem taxation, to fix maximum rates for the taxation thereof by the levying bodies, and to provide for the exemption thereof from taxation, fully or in part, all to be determined as provided by general law, effective on and after January 1, 2023; and to preserve all existing exemptions from taxation where provided by constitution. Underscoring indicates new language that would be added to the present law.
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Protection of the Right to Bear Arms Amendment. Description: The purpose of this resolution is to amend the State Constitution to prohibit the state, counties, municipalities, or other political subdivisions of the state from restricting the right to keep and bear arms.
In 2021, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Incorporation of Churches or Religious Denominations Amendment. Description: Incorporation of Churches or Religious Denominations Amendment
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Disabled Veterans' Exemption from Ad Valorem Property Taxation Amendment. Description: Disabled Veterans' Exemption from Ad Valorem Property Taxation Amendment
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Limiting the Terms of Members of the House of Delegates and Senate Amendment. Description: Limiting the Terms of Members of the House of Delegates and Senate Amendment
In 2021, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional Officer Term Limit Amendment. Description: Constitutional Officer Term Limit Amendment
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Limiting supervision of laying of lines on state rights-of-way. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit the state from requiring a public service district to have a state engineer on site during the entire construction period of projects on state rights-of-way.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Uniform Real Property Electronic Recording Act. Description: Uniform Real Property Electronic Recording Act
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to admissibility of certain evidence in a civil action for damages. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow admission of evidence in a civil action of the use or nonuse of a safety belt on the issues of negligence, contributory negligence, comparative negligence and failure to mitigate damages.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the Farm-To-Food Bank Tax Credit. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow the Farm-To-Food Bank Tax Credit to equal 100 percent of the value of the donated edible agricultural products when the value is $2,500 or less.
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying that appeals to the Supreme Court are a matter of right. Description: The purpose of this bill is to clarify that appeals to the Supreme Court are a matter of right and that every party has an opportunity to be heard and to obtain a written decision on the merits of the appeal.
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing workersí compensation benefits for first responders diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide workersí compensation to first responders diagnosed with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder by a psychiatrist from an event that occurred during their employment.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing the owner of an antique military vehicle to display alternate registration insignia. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow owners of antique military vehicles to display alternate registration insignia that is compatible with the vehicleís original markings in lieu of a registration plate.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the authorization to release a defendant or a person arrested upon his or her own recognizance. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify misdemeanor bail requirements. The bill requires a court or magistrate to release a person charged with certain¬ misdemeanor offenses on his or her own recognizance except for good cause shown. The bill also sets forth exceptions when a person may not be released on his or her own recognizance.¬ ¬
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying the Fair Trade Practices Act. Description: The purpose of this bill is to modify the Fair Trade Practices Act with regard to costs and damages.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the whistle-blower law. Description: The purpose of this bill is to extend or clarify protections under the stateís whistle-blower law.
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to forgery and other crimes concerning lottery tickets. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require that any sentence for violation of this statute be for a determinate period.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Including possession of known stolen property in the offense of receiving or transferring stolen property. Description: The purpose of this bill is to include possession of known stolen property in the offense of receiving or transferring stolen property.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing a safe harbor for employers to correct underpayment or nonpayment of wages and benefits due to separated employees. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide a safe harbor for employers to correct underpayment or nonpayment of wages and benefits due to separated employees prior to the filing of a lawsuit. The bill prohibits an employee from seeking liquidated damages or attorneyís fees when bringing an action for the underpayment or nonpayment of wages and benefits due upon the employeeís separation of employment without first making a written demand top that employer. The bill permits only those employees who have made a written demand on the employer to be included in a class action brought for the underpayment or nonpayment of wages and benefits due upon the employeeís separation of employment. The bill defines the term ìwritten demandî.
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to state issued identification cards. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit the issuance of a state issued identification card without a photo on the card, based upon certification that taking a photograph would violate religion tenet or religious belief.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating an additional index system for state-owned lands. Description: The purpose of this bill is to create a naming convention to records lands owned by the state in an index system for easy cross-reference to county indexes.
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring each high school student to complete a full credit course of study in personal finance. Description: The purpose of this bill is to require each high school student to complete a one- half credit course of study in personal finance as a requirement for high school graduation.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to telehealth insurance requirements. Description: Relating to telehealth insurance requirements
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to charging a fee for parking in an accessible parking space bearing the international symbol of access. Description: The purpose of this bill is to prohibit public entities, including state, county and municipal buildings and facilities, places of public accommodation and commercial facilities, from charging a fee for parking in an accessible parking space bearing the international symbol of access.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Including digital and virtual information in the definition of property that can be searched and seized by a warrant. Description: The purpose of this bill is to include digital and virtual information in the definition of property that can be searched and seized by a warrant.
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to driving restrictions in school zones. Description: The purpose of this bill is to ensure the safety of students participating in school activities outside of regular school hours by requiring activation of school zone flashing beacons whenever students are present at school for activities occurring outside of a schoolís regular hours of operation.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to requirements to obtain a final order of discharge and dismissal for possession of opiates or opioids. Description: The purpose of this bill is to authorize a court to require participation and successful completion of a drug court program or drug treatment program in order for a defendant, pleading or being found guilty of possession of a controlled substance, not including marijuana, or certain controlled substances containing an opioid or opiate, to qualify for a final order of discharge and dismissal.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting the West Virginia Tourism Office to decide to contract with the Division of Highways to sell advertising space on the WV511 website. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit the West Virginia Tourism Office to contract with the Division of Highways to sell advertising space on the WV511 website to promote in state tourism and raise capital for technological improvements to the website; permitting 50 percent of the funds from such sale to be deposited in the Tourism Promotion Fund; and requiring 50 percent of the funds from such sale be remitted to the Division of Highways.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting the commissioner to require a water supply system be equipped with a backflow prevention assembly. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit the commissioner to require a water supply system be equipped with a backflow prevention assembly; requiring the appropriate water utility to install the backflow prevention assembly at the meter; requiring the appropriate water utility to maintain the backflow prevention assembly; and requiring the water utility to provide information relating to maintenance and necessity for any backflow prevention assembly.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting a county to retain the excise taxes for the privilege of transferring title of real estate. Description: The purpose of this bill is to permit a county to retain the excise taxes for the privilege of transferring title of real estate in that county.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating the West Virginia Sentencing Commission. Description: Creating the West Virginia Sentencing Commission
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to a court's consideration of the expression of a preference by a child in certain child custody matters. Description: The purpose of this bill is to expand the courtís consideration of the expression of a preference by children in certain child custody matters by removing language giving priority to preferences of 14-year-old children.
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Improving dissemination of boiled water advisories to affected communities. Description: The purpose of this bill is to provide for more immediate dissemination of boiled water advisories through local health departments and local emergency management 911 answering points, and directly to interested customers.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing the same business owner to brew and sell beer to also distill and sell liquor. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow the same business owner to brew and sell beer to also distill and sell liquor.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the Secondary School Activities Commission and participation by home schooled students. Description: The purpose of this bill is to allow home-schooled students to participate in secondary school extracurricular activities.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating West Virginia Impact Fund. Description: Creating West Virginia Impact Fund
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating a felony crime relating to drug delivery resulting in death. Description: Creating a felony crime relating to drug delivery resulting in death
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the process for involuntary hospitalization. Description: Relating to the process for involuntary hospitalization
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Changing the licensing requirement for certain casino employees. Description: Changing the licensing requirement for certain casino employees
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Reorganizing various boards and authorities for the licensing and oversight of trades, occupations, and professions. Description: Reorganizing various boards and authorities for the licensing and oversight of trades, occupations, and professions
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Broadband Enhancement and Expansion. Description: Vertical Real Estate Management and Availability Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing country roads accountability and transparency. Description: Establishing country roads accountability and transparency
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Downstream Natural Gas Manufacturing Investment Tax Credit Act of 2020. Description: Downstream Natural Gas Manufacturing Investment Tax Credit Act of 2020
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing authority of municipalities to require occupational licensure if licensure for the occupation is required by the state. Description: Removing authority of municipalities to require occupational licensure if licensure for the occupation is required by the state
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying the qualifications of the Chancellor of the Higher Education Policy Commission. Description: Clarifying the qualifications of the Chancellor of the Higher Education Policy Commission
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting businesses transporting scrap tires, waste tires, or other used tires, from certain statutory provisions. Description: Exempting businesses transporting scrap tires, waste tires, or other used tires, from certain statutory provisions
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing limit for application for original appointment as a firefighter to 40 years of age for honorably discharged veterans. Description: Increasing the age limit of an honorably discharged veteran of the United States Armed Forces or National Guard to 40 years of age
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing limitations on nuisance actions against fire department and emergency medical services. Description: Providing limitations on nuisance actions against fire department and emergency medical services
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring agencies exempt from some or all of state purchasing requirements to adopt procedural rules. Description: Requiring agencies exempt from some or all of state purchasing requirements to adopt procedural rules
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to pharmacy benefit managers. Description: Relating to pharmacy benefit managers
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Health Benefit Plan Network Access and Adequacy Act. Description: Health Benefit Plan Network Access and Adequacy Act
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Reducing the cost of prescription drugs. Description: Reducing the cost of prescription drugs
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to crimes against property. Description: Relating to crimes against property
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: West Virginia Student Religious Liberties Act. Description: West Virginia Student Religious Liberties Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing the amount of the bond required to be posted by proprietary schools. Description: Increasing the amount of the bond required to be posted by proprietary schools
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the West Virginia Parkways Authority to accept the use of credit and debit cards for paying tolls. Description: Requiring the West Virginia Parkways Authority to accept the use of credit and debit cards for paying tolls
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Disposition of funds from certain oil and natural gas wells due to unknown or unlocatable interest owners. Description: Disposition of funds from certain oil and natural gas wells due to unknown or unlocatable interest owners
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring cursive writing to be taught. Description: Requiring cursive writing to be taught
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating the Oil and Gas Abandoned Well Plugging Fund. Description: Creating the Oil and Gas Abandoned Well Plugging Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing for expedited oil and gas well permitting upon payment of applicable expedited fees. Description: Allowing for expedited oil and gas well permitting upon payment of applicable expedited fees
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to foster care. Description: Relating to foster care
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Continuing the Foster Care Ombudsman. Description: Continuing the Foster Care Ombudsman
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Eliminating the permit for shampoo assistants. Description: Eliminating the permit for shampoo assistants
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to requiring a court to verify certain conditions are met before a child who has been removed from a home. Description: Relating to requiring a court to verify certain conditions are met before a child who has been removed from a home
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to opioid antagonists. Description: Relating to opioid antagonists
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to certificates of need for health care services. Description: Relating generally to certificates of need for health care services
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to motor fuel excise taxes. Description: Relating to motor fuel excise taxes
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the crime of torture. Description: Establishing the crime of torture
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying that 911 telecommunication workers are included in the definition of those individuals who perform "emergency services" during a disaster. Description: Clarifying that 911 telecommunication workers are included in the definition of those individuals who perform "emergency services" during a disaster
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to adoption. Description: Relating to adoption
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to competitive bidding for government construction contracts arising out of declared states of emergency. Description: Relating to competitive bidding for government construction contracts arising out of declared states of emergency
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing counties to store and maintain voter registration records in a digital format. Description: Allowing counties to store and maintain voter registration records in a digital format
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring the Department of Administration to publish its comprehensive annual financial report by the end of December. Description: Requiring the Department of Administration to publish its comprehensive annual financial report by the end of December
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to credit for reinsurance. Description: Relating to credit for reinsurance
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to insurance. Description: Relating to insurance
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to the regulation of plumbers. Description: Relating generally to the regulation of plumbers
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing a person to manufacture a stated amount of alcoholic liquor for personal consumption. Description: Allowing a person to manufacture a stated amount of alcoholic liquor for personal consumption
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making it illegal to scleral tattoo a person. Description: Making it illegal to scleral tattoo a person
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting certain sex offenders from being in a supervisory position over children. Description: Prohibiting certain sex offenders from being in a supervisory position over children
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: West Virginia Intelligence/Fusion Center Act. Description: West Virginia Intelligence/Fusion Center Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring calls which are recorded be maintained for a period of five years. Description: Requiring calls which are recorded be maintained for a period of five years
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognition of Emergency Medical Services Personnel Licensure Interstate Compact. Description: Recognition of Emergency Medical Services Personnel Licensure Interstate Compact
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting a person to obtain a 12-month supply of contraceptive drugs. Description: Permitting a person to obtain a 12-month supply of contraceptive drugs
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Department of Environmental Protection to promulgate legislative rules. Description: Department of Environmental Protection, ambient air quality standards
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing miscellaneous agencies and boards to promulgate legislative rules. Description: Board of Accountancy, board rules and rules of professional conduct
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Military Affairs and Public Safety promulgate legislative rules relating to the Fire Commission. Description: Fire Commission, state fire code
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing the use of post-criminal conduct in professional and occupational initial licensure or certification in decision making. Description: Removing the use of post-criminal conduct in professional and occupational initial licensure or certification in decision making
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating a rational nexus requirement between prior criminal conduct and initial licensure decision making. Description: Creating a rational nexus requirement between prior criminal conduct and initial licensure decision making
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding nabiximols to the permitted list of distributed and prescribed drugs. Description: Adding nabiximols to the permitted list of distributed and prescribed drugs
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the administration of anesthetics. Description: Relating to the administration of anesthetics
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting certain persons from heating, ventilating, and cooling system licensing requirements. Description: Exempting certain persons from heating, ventilating, and cooling system licensing requirements
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to insurance law violations. Description: Relating to insurance law violations
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to penalties for neglect, emotional abuse or death caused by a caregiver. Description: Relating to penalties for neglect, emotional abuse or death caused by a caregiver
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing the West Virginia Division of Natural Resources Police Officer Retirement System. Description: Establishing the West Virginia Division of Natural Resources Police Officer Retirement System
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Granting of college credit hours for learning English as a second language. Description: Granting of college credit hours for learning English as a second language
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Speech-Language Pathologists and Audiologists Compact. Description: Speech-Language Pathologists and Audiologists Compact
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: The Protection of Vulnerable Adults from Financial Exploitation Act. Description: The Protection of Vulnerable Adults from Financial Exploitation Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to disciplining teachers. Description: Relating to disciplining teachers
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Updating the regulatory board review schedule. Description: Updating the regulatory board review schedule
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to lifetime hunting, fishing and trapping licenses for adopted children. Description: Relating to lifetime hunting, fishing and trapping licenses for adopted children
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Donated Drug Repository Program. Description: Donated Drug Repository Program
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Limiting the Alcohol Beverage Control Commissioner's authority to restrict advertising. Description: Limiting the Alcohol Beverage Control Commissioner's authority to restrict advertising
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to making suffocation and asphyxiation crimes. Description: Relating to making suffocation and asphyxiation crimes
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to reporting suspected governmental fraud. Description: Relating to reporting suspected governmental fraud
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to required courses of instruction. Description: Relating to required courses of instruction
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to designation of early voting locations. Description: Relating to designation of early voting locations
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the reproduction of checks and other records. Description: Relating to the reproduction of checks and other records
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the State Board of Education to develop and implement an online database for the employment of school principals. Description: Creating an online database for school principals employment opportunities
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to transferring remaining funds from the Volunteer Fire Department Workers' Compensation Premium Subsidy Fund. Description: Relating to transferring remaining funds from the Volunteer Fire Department Workers' Compensation Premium Subsidy Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting directors and executive officers of a banking institution to borrow from a banking institution with which he or she is connected. Description: Permitting directors and executive officers of a banking institution to borrow from a banking institution with which he or she is connected
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the West Virginia Residential Mortgage Lender, Broker and Servicer Act. Description: Relating to the West Virginia Residential Mortgage Lender, Broker and Servicer Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to education benefits to members of the West Virginia Army National Guard and West Virginia Air National Guard. Description: Relating to education benefits to members of the West Virginia Army National Guard and West Virginia Air National Guard
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the selection of language and development milestones for the deaf and hard-of-hearing children. Description: Relating to the selection of language and development milestones for the deaf and hard-of-hearing children
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to missing and endangered children. Description: Relating to missing and endangered children
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to permitting professional boards. Description: Relating to permitting professional boards
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Controlled Substance Monitoring Database. Description: Relating to the Controlled Substance Monitoring Database
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Natural Gas Liquids Economic Development Act. Description: Natural Gas Liquids Economic Development Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: The Patient Brokering Act. Description: The Patient Brokering Act
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to deeds of trust. Description: Relating to deeds of trust
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: West Virginia health care workforce sustainability study. Description: West Virginia health care workforce sustainability study
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the West Virginia Pay Card program. Description: Relating to the West Virginia Pay Card program
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the licensing of advance deposit wagering. Description: Relating to the licensing of advance deposit wagering
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying the method for calculating the amount of severance tax attributable to the increase in coal production. Description: Clarifying the method for calculating the amount of severance tax attributable to the increase in coal production
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing Medals of Valor and Medals for Bravery for emergency medical services, firefighters, and law-enforcement officers. Description: Establishing Medals of Valor and Medals for Bravery for emergency medical services, firefighters, and law-enforcement officers
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating the shared table initiative for senior citizens who suffer from food insecurity. Description: Creating the shared table initiative for senior citizens who suffer from food insecurity
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to instruction permits issued by the Division of Motor Vehicles. Description: Relating to instruction permits issued by the Division of Motor Vehicles
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying the notice requirements for the redemption of delinquent properties. Description: Modifying the notice requirements for the redemption of delinquent properties
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Expanding the eligibility requirements for private investigator and security guard licensure. Description: Expanding the eligibility requirements for private investigator and security guard licensure
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring the Governor to fix the salaries of certain state appointed officers after the office is vacated or after July 1. Description: Requiring the Governor to fix the salaries of certain state appointed officers after the office is vacated or after July 1
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to driving privileges and requirements for persons under the age of 18. Description: Relating to driving privileges and requirements for persons under the age of 18
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Certificates of Insurance Act. Description: Certificates of Insurance Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to persons 18 years of age or older in the custody of the Bureau of Juvenile Services. Description: Relating to persons 18 years of age or older in the custody of the Bureau of Juvenile Services
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to peer-to-peer car sharing programs. Description: Relating to peer-to-peer car sharing programs
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing for the timely and efficient collection, submission, testing, retention, and disposition of forensic evidence in sexual assault cases. Description: Providing for the timely and efficient collection, submission, testing, retention, and disposition of forensic evidence in sexual assault cases
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: West Virginia Mutual to Mutual Insurance Holding Company Act. Description: West Virginia Mutual to Mutual Insurance Holding Company Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating a lifetime ban for commercial drivers involved in human trafficking. Description: Creating a lifetime ban for commercial drivers involved in human trafficking
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to legislative rules for the Higher Education Policy Commission. Description: Relating to legislative rules for the Higher Education Policy Commission
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the Hazardous Waste Management Fund. Description: Relating to the Hazardous Waste Management Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Tobacco Use Cessation Initiative. Description: Tobacco Use Cessation Initiative
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing the specific mandate of the Board of Risk and Insurance Management to purchase liability insurance for the Division of Corrections. Description: Removing the specific mandate of the Board of Risk and Insurance Management to purchase liability insurance for the Division of Corrections
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring an external defibrillator device at any secondary school athlete event. Description: Requiring an external defibrillator device at any secondary school athlete event
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to multicounty trail network authorities. Description: Relating to multicounty trail network authorities
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the ability to refuse offenders for commitment to a jail. Description: Relating to the ability to refuse offenders for commitment to a jail
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to insurance adjusters. Description: Relating to insurance adjusters
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to renewal application requirements for individuals with permanent disabilities. Description: Relating to renewal application requirements for individuals with permanent disabilities
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Transferring the Parole Board to the Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation for purposes of administrative and other support. Description: Transferring the Parole Board to the Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation for purposes of administrative and other support
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting bodily intrusion by an inmate upon any person at any correctional facility. Description: Prohibiting bodily intrusion by an inmate upon any person at any correctional facility
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing the replacement costs required of a person causing injury or death of game or protected species. Description: Increasing the replacement costs required of a person causing injury or death of game or protected species
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting the use of leashed dogs to track mortally wounded deer or bear. Description: Permitting the use of leashed dogs to track mortally wounded deer or bear
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to wildlife resources, eligibility for license or permit application. Description: Relating to wildlife resources, eligibility for license or permit application
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing a summer youth intern pilot program within Department of Commerce. Description: Establishing a summer youth intern pilot program within Department of Commerce
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing division to accept documents compliant with Real ID Act for proof of identity. Description: Allowing division to accept documents compliant with Real ID Act for proof of identity
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing the limitation of number of apprentice hunting and trapping licenses a person may purchase. Description: Removing the limitation of number of apprentice hunting and trapping licenses a person may purchase
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making the entire state "wet" or permitting the sale of alcoholic liquors for off-premises consumption. Description: Making the entire state "wet" or permitting the sale of alcoholic liquors for off-premises consumption
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the collection of assessments and the priority of liens on property within a resort area. Description: Relating to the collection of assessments and the priority of liens on property within a resort area
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing daily passenger rental car companies to charge reasonable administrative fees. Description: Authorizing daily passenger rental car companies to charge reasonable administrative fees
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Permitting DNR to issue up to 100 permits for boats greater than 10 horsepower on Upper Mud River Lake. Description: Establishing a study conducted by the Division of Natural Resources on the Upper Mud River Lake
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to insurance coverage for diabetics. Description: Relating to insurance coverage for diabetics
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to possession of any controlled substance on the premises of or within 200 feet of a public library. Description: Relating to possession of any controlled substance on the premises of or within 200 feet of a public library
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to tuberculosis testing for school superintendents. Description: Relating to tuberculosis testing for school superintendents
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to subsidized adoption. Description: Relating to subsidized adoption
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to centers and institutions that provide the care and treatment of mentally ill or intellectually disabled individuals. Description: Relating to centers and institutions that provide the care and treatment of mentally ill or intellectually disabled individuals
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating a personal income tax credit for volunteer firefighters in West Virginia. Description: Creating a personal income tax credit for volunteer firefighters in West Virginia
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying the limitations on civil actions against the perpetrator of sexual assault or sexual abuse upon a minor. Description: Modifying the limitations on civil actions against the perpetrator of sexual assault or sexual abuse upon a minor
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to deliveries by a licensed wine specialty shop. Description: Relating to deliveries by a licensed wine specialty shop
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing Just Transition support for coal and timber related jobs. Description: Establishing Just Transition Support for Coal-Related Jobs
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing a procedure for correcting errors in deeds, deeds of trust and mortgages. Description: Establishing a procedure for correcting errors in deeds, deeds of trust and mortgages
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to West Virginia Clearance for Access: Registry and Employment Screening. Description: Relating to West Virginia Clearance for Access: Registry and Employment Screening
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Declaring certain claims against agencies of the state to be moral obligations of the state. Description: Declaring certain claims against agencies of the state to be moral obligations of the state
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing immunity from civil or criminal liability for making good faith reports of suspected or known instances of child abuse or neglect. Description: Providing immunity from civil or criminal liability for making good faith reports of suspected or known instances of child abuse or neglect
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modernizing the Public Service Commission's regulation of solid waste motor carriers and solid waste facilities. Description: Modernizing the Public Service Commission's regulation of solid waste motor carriers and solid waste facilities
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Conducting study for an appropriate memorial for West Virginians killed in the War on Terror. Description: Conducting study for an appropriate memorial for West Virginians killed in the War on Terror
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the assignment of poll workers to serve more than one precinct under certain circumstances. Description: Authorizing the assignment of poll workers to serve more than one precinct under certain circumstances
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing poll workers to be appointed to work in precincts outside their county. Description: Allowing poll workers to be appointed to work in precincts outside their county
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the definition of the term member regarding distributing premium tax proceeds. Description: Relating to the definition of the term member regarding distributing premium tax proceeds
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to distribution of premium tax proceeds to municipal policemen's and firemen's pension and relief funds. Description: Relating to distribution of premium tax proceeds to municipal policemen's and firemen's pension and relief funds
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the penalty for DUI causing death when a child is present. Description: Increasing the penalty for DUI causing death when a child is present
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Listing contractor classifications on a contractor license. Description: Listing contractor classifications on a contractor license
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the operation of mobile shops for hair, nail, cosmetology, and aesthetics services. Description: Authorizing the operation of mobile shops for hair, nail, cosmetology, and aesthetics services
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: West Virginia Critical Infrastructure Protection Act. Description: West Virginia Critical Infrastructure Protection Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to deadly weapons for sale or hire. Description: Relating to deadly weapons for sale or hire
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Approving plans proposed by electric utilities to install middle-mile broadband fiber. Description: Approving plans proposed by electric utilities to install middle-mile broadband fiber
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Redefining definition of "recovery residence". Description: Redefining definition of "recovery residence"
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: West Virginia FinTech Regulatory Sandbox Act. Description: West Virginia FinTech Regulatory Sandbox Act
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: West Virginia Development Achievements Transparency Act. Description: West Virginia Development Achievements Transparency Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expanding county commissions' ability to dispose of county or district property. Description: Expanding county commissions' ability to dispose of county or district property
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Southern West Virginia Lake Development Study Commission Act. Description: Southern West Virginia Lake Development Study Commission Act
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the Office of Regulatory and Fiscal Affairs under the Joint Committee on Government and Finance. Description: Establishing the Office of Regulatory and Fiscal Affairs under the Joint Committee on Government and Finance
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to limited video lottery permit holders. Description: Relating to limited video lottery permit holders
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: The Parenting Fairness Act of 2020. Description: The Parenting Fairness Act of 2020
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting military personnel in areas where on-the-job emergency medicine is part of the training to be granted automatic EMS or EMT certification. Description: Permitting military personnel in areas where on-the-job emergency medicine is part of the training to be granted automatic EMS or EMT certification
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the powers of the Public Service Commission and the regulation of natural gas utilities. Description: Relating to the powers of the Public Service Commission and the regulation of natural gas utilities
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying the offense of driving under the influence of alcohol, controlled substances, or drugs. Description: Clarifying the offense of driving under the influence of alcohol, controlled substances, or drugs
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reducing the amount of rebate going to the Purchasing Improvement Fund. Description: Reducing the amount of rebate going to the Purchasing Improvement Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to competitive bids for intergovernmental relations and urban mass transportation. Description: Relating to competitive bids for intergovernmental relations and urban mass transportation
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating the misdemeanor crime of trespass for entering a structure that has been condemned. Description: Creating the misdemeanor crime of trespass for entering a structure that has been condemned
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the juvenile restorative justice programs. Description: Relating to the juvenile restorative justice programs
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to employment in areas of critical need in public education. Description: Relating to employment in areas of critical need in public education
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expanding the scope of the Veterans to Agriculture Program. Description: Expanding the scope of the Veterans to Agriculture Program
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing the restriction that a mini-distillery use raw agricultural products originating on the same premises. Description: Removing the restriction that a mini-distillery use raw agricultural products originating on the same premises
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Including three types of cancer for which rebuttable presumption of injury from employment exists for firefighters. Description: Including three types of cancer for which rebuttable presumption of injury from employment exists for firefighters
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to reports concerning funds due to unknown or unlocatable interest owners. Description: Relating to reports concerning funds due to unknown or unlocatable interest owners
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing the monetary threshold for requiring nonprofit organizations to register as a charitable organization. Description: Increasing the monetary threshold for requiring nonprofit organizations to register as a charitable organization
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing municipalities to take action to grant certain fire department employees limited power of arrest. Description: Authorizing municipalities to take action to grant certain fire department employees limited power of arrest
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Seizure and Forfeiture Reporting Act. Description: Seizure and Forfeiture Reporting Act
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Uniform Worker Classification Act. Description: Creating Uniform Worker Classification Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring higher education institutions to use previous versions or editions of instructional materials. Description: Requiring higher education institutions to use previous versions or editions of instructional materials
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Rewriting the article on registered professional nurses. Description: Rewriting the article on registered professional nurses
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying student eligibility for state-sponsored financial aid. Description: Clarifying student eligibility for state-sponsored financial aid
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending electronic submission of various applications and forms for nonprofit and charitable organizations, professionals and licensees. Description: Extending electronic submission of various applications and forms for nonprofit and charitable organizations, professionals and licensees
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the increase of fees that private nongovernment notary publics may charge for notarial acts. Description: Relating to the increase of fees that private nongovernment notary publics may charge for notarial acts
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing more efficient application processes for private investigators, security guards, and firms. Description: Providing more efficient application processes for private investigators, security guards, and firms
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying video lottery retailer licensing eligibility requirements. Description: Modifying video lottery retailer licensing eligibility requirements
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating a workgroup to investigate and recommend screening protocols for adverse childhood trauma in this state. Description: Creating a workgroup to investigate and recommend screening protocols for adverse childhood trauma in this state
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the right of disposition of remains. Description: Relating to the right of disposition of remains
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting county boards to offer elective courses of instruction on the Bible. Description: Permitting a school-based decision-making council to offer elective courses of instruction on the Bible
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Career Technical Education for middle school students. Description: Relating to Career Technical Education for middle school students
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing municipalities to enact ordinances that allow the municipal court to place a structure, dwelling or building into receivership. Description: Authorizing municipalities to enact ordinances that allow the municipal court to place a structure, dwelling or building into receivership
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to certification of electrical inspectors. Description: Directing the State Fire Commission to promulgate a legislative rule related to code official certification standards
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to comprehensive systems of support for teacher and leader induction and professional growth. Description: Relating to comprehensive systems of support for teacher and leader induction and professional growth
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Developing a plan for periodic audits of the expenditure of the fees from the emergency 911 telephone system and wireless enhanced 911. Description: Developing a plan for periodic audits of the expenditure of the fees from the emergency 911 telephone system and wireless enhanced 911
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the penalties for the manufacture, delivery, possession, or possession with intent to manufacture or deliver methamphetamine. Description: Relating to the penalties for the manufacture, delivery, possession, or possession with intent to manufacture or deliver methamphetamine
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to a customer constructing a connection or other infrastructure necessary for the customer to connect to the public utility. Description: Relating to a customer constructing a connection or other infrastructure necessary for the customer to connect to the public utility
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Accounting for state funds distributed to volunteer and part-volunteer fire companies and departments. Description: Accounting for state funds distributed to volunteer and part-volunteer fire companies and departments
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to performance reviews of state agencies and regulatory boards. Description: Relating to performance reviews of state agencies and regulatory boards
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring certain boards that seek to increase a fee or seek to impose a new fee to also submit cost saving measures. Description: Requiring certain boards that seek to increase a fee or seek to impose a new fee to also submit cost saving measures
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the criminal penalties imposed on a parent, guardian or custodian for child abuse. Description: Modifying the criminal penalties imposed on a parent, guardian or custodian for child abuse
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing limited sampling and limited sale of wine for off-premises consumption to wineries not licensed in the state. Description: Authorizing limited sampling and limited sale of wine for off-premises consumption to wineries not licensed in the state
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the PSC and the DOH to submit reports concerning activity on the Coal Resource Transportation Road System. Description: Requiring the PSC and the DOH to submit reports concerning activity on the Coal Resource Transportation Road System
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to revocation, cancellation, or suspension of business registration certificates. Description: Relating to revocation, cancellation, or suspension of business registration certificates
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Reducing personal income tax rates when personal income tax reduction fund is funded at a certain threshold. Description: Reducing personal income tax rates when personal income tax reduction fund is funded at a certain threshold
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring the Secondary Schools Athletic Commission to recognize preparatory athletic programs. Description: Requiring the Secondary Schools Athletic Commission to recognize private, parochial, or church schools
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to the administrative closing of stale or unprogressed estates. Description: Relating to the administrative closing of stale or unprogressed estates
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Eliminating the requirement that municipal police civil service commissions certify a list of three individuals for every position vacancy. Description: Eliminating the requirement that municipal police civil service commissions certify a list of three individuals for every position vacancy
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to reducing the cost of fees for state licenses to carry concealed deadly weapons and provisional state licenses to carry concealed deadly weapons. Description: Relating to reducing the cost of fees for state licenses to carry concealed deadly weapons and provisional state licenses to carry concealed deadly weapons
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to the partition of real property. Description: Relating generally to the partition of real property
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to eliminating the ability of a personís driver license to be suspended for failure to pay court fines and costs. Description: Relating to eliminating the ability of a personís driver license to be suspensed for failure to pay court fines and costs
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to clarifying the ability of the Economic Development Authority Board of Directors to enter into any contracts necessary to carry out its duties. Description: Relating to clarifying the ability of the Economic Development Authority Board of Directors to enter into any contracts necessary to carry out its duties
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to exempting from licensure as an electrician. Description: Relating to exempting from licensure as an electrician
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to providing tax credit for the donation or sale of a vehicle to certain charitable organizations. Description: Relating to providing tax credit for the donation or sale of a vehicle to certain charitable organizations
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to a closing hospital. Description: Relating to a closing hospital
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing DOH issue permits for certain tractors with certain trailers not exceeding specified maximum axle weights. Description: Increasing weight limits for vehicles on certain state highways
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Exempting certain armed forces veterans from payment of fees for license to carry deadly weapon. Description: Exempting certain armed forces veterans from payment of fees for license to carry deadly weapon
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Protect Our Right to Unite Act. Description: Creating Protect Our Right to Unite Act
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing WV Board of Medicine investigators to carry concealed weapons. Description: Allowing WV Board of Medicine investigators to carry concealed weapons
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Limiting civil penalty for littering conviction to $2,000. Description: Limiting civil penalty for littering conviction to $2,000
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring schools provide elective course on Hebrew Scriptures or Bible. Description: Requiring schools provide elective course on Hebrew Scriptures or Bible
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting faith-based electives in classroom drug prevention programs. Description: Permitting faith-based electives in classroom drug prevention programs
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Defining "pepper spray" and exempting from definition of "deadly weapons". Description: Providing certain persons be allowed to carry pepper spray in State Capitol Complex
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Specifying forms of grandparent visitation. Description: Specifying forms of grandparent visitation
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring State Police to follow towing services policies of county of location. Description: Requiring State Police to follow towing services policies of county of location
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing persons with physical disabilities ability to vote by electronic absentee ballot. Description: Providing persons with physical disabilities ability to vote by electronic absentee ballot
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting municipalities from limiting persons' rights to possess certain weapons. Description: Prohibiting municipalities from limiting persons' rights to possess certain weapons
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing senior judge to continue receiving per diem compensation beyond annual salary of sitting judge due to delay by Governor in filling vacancy. Description: Allowing senior judge to continue receiving per diem compensation beyond annual salary of sitting judge due to delay by Governor in filling vacancy
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Making daylight saving time official time year round in WV. Description: Making daylight saving time official time year round in WV
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing continued eligibility for developmental disability services to dependents of military members. Description: Providing continued eligibility for developmental disability services to dependents of military members
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing priorities for expenditures for plugging abandoned gas or oil wells. Description: Establishing priorities for expenditures for plugging abandoned gas or oil wells
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting victim from being subjected to certain physical examinations for sexual offenses. Description: Prohibiting victim from being subjected to certain physical examinations for sexual offenses
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to procedure for driver's license suspension and revocation for DUI. Description: Relating to procedure for driver's license suspension and revocation for DUI
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Tim Tebow Act. Description: Creating Tim Tebow Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Prohibiting certain misleading lawsuit advertising practices. Description: Prohibiting certain misleading lawsuit advertising practices
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Incentives for consolidating local governments. Description: Incentives for consolidating local governments
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Changing rate at which certain judges are paid for mileage when traveling within state. Description: Changing rate at which certain judges are paid for mileage when traveling within state
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Expanding Coyote Control Program through voluntary assessment on breeding cows. Description: Expanding Coyote Control Program through voluntary assessment on breeding cows
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating misdemeanor penalty for making materially false statement in course of misdemeanor investigation. Description: Creating misdemeanor penalty for making materially false statement in course of misdemeanor investigation
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Budget Bill. Description: Budget Bill
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Voluntary WVU Rifle Team Check-Off Program on hunting and fishing licenses. Description: Creating Voluntary WVU Rifle Team Check-Off Program on hunting and fishing licenses
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Alleviating double taxation on foreign income at state level. Description: Alleviating double taxation on foreign income at state level
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring certain agencies maintain website which contains specific information. Description: Requiring certain agencies maintain website which contains specific information
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Second Chance Driver's License Program. Description: Relating to Second Chance Driver's License Program
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Modifying requirement that racetrack participate in WV Thoroughbred Development Fund by certain date. Description: Modifying requirement that racetrack participate in WV Thoroughbred Development Fund by certain date
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating felony offense of aggravated cruelty to animals. Description: Creating felony offense of aggravated cruelty to animals
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Setting forth timeframes for continuing purchases of commodities and services over $1 million. Description: Establishing deadlines for spending units to submit certain procurements
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating powers of personal representatives of deceased person's estate. Description: Updating powers of personal representatives of deceased person's estate
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to criminal offenses of stalking and harassment. Description: Relating generally to stalking and harassment
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing one member of PSD board to be county commissioner. Description: Allowing one member of PSD board to be county commissioner
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing certain deductions from personal income tax refunds. Description: Allowing certain deductions from personal income tax refunds
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing for nonpartisan elections of county prosecuting attorneys. Description: Providing for nonpartisan elections of county prosecuting attorneys
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Prosecuting Attorney's Detectives Act. Description: Creating Prosecuting Attorney's Detectives Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Protecting consumers from unfair pricing practices during state of emergency. Description: Protecting consumers from unfair pricing practices during state of emergency
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to annexation by minor boundary adjustment. Description: Repealing annexation by minor boundary adjustment
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to administration of trusts. Description: Relating to administration of trusts
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring DHHR collaborate with Workforce Development Board and WV Division of Personnel for job placement. Description: Requiring DHHR collaborate with Workforce Development Board and WV Division of Personnel for job placement
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Empowering municipalities to enact Adopt-A-Street programs. Description: Authorizing municipalities to enact Adopt-A-Street programs
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring State Board of Education provide routine education in suicide prevention. Description: Requiring State Board of Education provide instruction to personnel on student suicide prevention
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing outdated prohibitions against electronic or mechanical ticket dispensers and readers. Description: Removing outdated prohibitions against electronic or mechanical ticket dispensers and readers
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring hotels and restaurants secure manhole covers of certain grease traps. Description: Relating to food service establishments securing covers for grease traps
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring State Board of Education develop method for student transportation costs as stand-alone consideration. Description: Requiring State Board of Education develop method for student transportation costs as stand-alone consideration
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Including family court judges in retirement system for judges. Description: Including family court judges in retirement system for judges
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing for fair pay and maximized employment of disabled persons. Description: Providing for fair pay and maximized employment of disabled persons
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating criminal penalties for introducing ransomware into computer with intent to extort. Description: Creating criminal penalties for introducing ransomware into computer with intent to extort
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing DEP to develop Reclamation of Abandoned and Dilapidated Properties Program. Description: Authorizing DEP to develop Reclamation of Abandoned and Dilapidated Properties Program
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying and updating language regarding Fairmont State alumni license plates. Description: Clarifying and updating language regarding Fairmont State alumni license plates
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating offenses of conversion of leased or rented personal property. Description: Relating to criminal possession of rented or leased personal property
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing advisory council on rare diseases. Description: Establishing advisory council on rare diseases
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Intermediate Court of Appeals. Description: Creating Intermediate Court of Appeals
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing various methods to deal with defendant who becomes incompetent during trial. Description: Providing various methods to deal with defendant who becomes incompetent during trial
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring dental insurance plans honor assignment made in writing by person covered. Description: Requiring dental insurance plans honor assignment made in writing by person covered
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing residency requirement for persons applying for reappointment to municipal police dept. Description: Removing residency requirement for persons applying for reappointment to municipal police dept
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating WV Health Care Continuity Act. Description: Creating WV Health Care Continuity Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to family planning and child spacing. Description: Relating to family planning and child spacing
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Green Alert Plan. Description: Creating Green Alert Plan
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring PEIA and health insurance providers provide mental health parity. Description: Requiring PEIA and health insurance providers provide mental health parity
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring Board of Education create family and consumer sciences course. Description: Requiring Board of Education create home economics course
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating certain terms in WV Corporation Net Income Tax Act. Description: Updating certain terms in WV Corporation Net Income Tax Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Enacting Students' Right to Know Act. Description: Enacting Students' Right to Know Act
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Licensing of drivers utilizing bioptic telescopic devices. Description: Licensing of drivers utilizing bioptic telescopic devices
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Correcting code citation relating to certain tax liens. Description: Correcting code citation relating to certain tax liens
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating criminal penalties for violation of orders issued for protection of victims of financial exploitation. Description: Penalizing individuals who violate financial exploitation protective order
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating certain terms used in WV Personal Income Tax Act. Description: Updating certain terms used in WV Personal Income Tax Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to court-ordered community service. Description: Relating to court-ordered community service
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to provisional licensure of social workers. Description: Relating to child protective caseworkers
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to oil and gas conservation commission membership. Description: Relating to oil and gas conservation commission membership
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to collection of tax and priority of distribution of estate or property in receivership. Description: Relating to collection of tax and priority of distribution of estate or property in receivership
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to prequalifications for state contract vendors. Description: Relating to prequalifications for state contract vendors
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Administration promulgate legislative rules. Description: Dept of Administration rule for records management and preservation
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing DHHR promulgate legislative rules. Description: DHHR rule relating to public water systems
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Fire Commission rule relating to State Fire Code. Description: Fire Commission rule relating to State Fire Code
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Revenue promulgate legislative rules. Description: Insurance Commission rule relating to Medicare supplement insurance
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Transportation promulgate legislative rules. Description: DOH rule relating to use of state road rights-of-way
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Department of Commerce promulgate legislative rules. Description: Dept of Commerce rule relating to small business innovation research and small business technology transfer matching funds program
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to eligibility for license or permit application. Description: Relating to eligibility for license or permit application
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to use of crossbow to hunt. Description: Relating to use of crossbow to hunt
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing alternative sentencing program for work release. Description: Providing alternative sentencing program for work release
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Eliminating permit requirement for storing concealed handgun in vehicle on school property for persons over 21. Description: Eliminating permit requirement for storing concealed handgun in vehicle on school property for persons over 21
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring free feminine hygiene products be provided to female prisoners. Description: Requiring free feminine hygiene products be provided to female prisoners
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing exception that all DNR payments be deposited within 24 hours. Description: Providing exception that all DNR payments be deposited within 24 hours
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to criminal offenses against agricultural facilities. Description: Relating to protection of animal and crop facilities
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Seed Certification Program. Description: Relating to Seed Certification Program
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Class Y special crossbow hunting permit. Description: Relating to Class Y special crossbow hunting permit
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding protection, operation of North Bend Rail Trail, Greenbrier River Trail, and Elk River Trail to Parks and Recreation Section of DNR. Description: Relating to North Bend Rail Trail, Greenbrier River Trail, and Elk River Trail
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to methamphetamine criminal penalty. Description: Relating to methamphetamine criminal penalty
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing limitations on claims and benefits against state. Description: Establishing limitations on claims and benefits against state
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to custodial allocation actions independent of divorce. Description: Relating to custodial allocation actions independent of divorce
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Making permanent land reuse agency or municipal land bank's right of first refusal on certain tax sale properties. Description: Making permanent land reuse agency or municipal land bank's right of first refusal on certain tax sale properties
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Regulating pawnbrokers. Description: Regulating pawnbrokers
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Protecting consumers against businesses using automatic renewals without consent. Description: Protecting consumers against businesses using automatic renewals without consent
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating WV FinTech Regulatory Sandbox Act. Description: Creating WV FinTech Regulatory Sandbox Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating State Parks and Recreation Endowment Fund. Description: Creating State Parks and Recreation Endowment Fund
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to job creation and economic incentives. Description: Creating Tax and Economic Incentives Review Committee
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to compensation awards to crime victims. Description: Relating to compensation awards to crime victims
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending deadline for municipalities to offer Social Security coverage to certain municipal retirement system members. Description: Extending deadline for municipalities to offer Social Security coverage to certain municipal retirement system members
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Distributing assets remaining in municipal policemen's or firemen's pension and relief fund on death of last retiree or beneficiary. Description: Distributing assets remaining in municipal policemen's or firemen's pension and relief fund on death of last retiree or beneficiary
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing temporary legislative employees be eligible for unemployment benefits coverage. Description: Removing workers' compensation exclusion for temporary legislative employees
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing pharmacists and pharmacy interns administer vaccines. Description: Authorizing pharmacists and pharmacy interns administer vaccines
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing transfer of moneys from Insurance Commission Fund to Workers' Compensation Old Fund. Description: Authorizing transfer of moneys from Insurance Commission Fund to Workers' Compensation Old Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to employer testing, notice, termination, and forfeiture of unemployment compensation. Description: Relating to employer testing, notice, termination, and forfeiture of unemployment compensation
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Permitting leashed dogs track mortally wounded deer or bear. Description: Permitting leashed dogs track mortally wounded deer or bear
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to Water and Wastewater Investment and Infrastructure Improvement Act. Description: Relating to Water and Wastewater Investment and Infrastructure Improvement Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring contracts of $25,000 or more be competitively bid. Description: Requiring contracts of $25,000 or more be competitively bid
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to termination, expiration, or cancellation of oil or natural gas leases. Description: Relating to termination, expiration, or cancellation of oil or natural gas leases
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting nursing home use trained individuals administer medication. Description: Permitting nursing home use trained individuals administer medication
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expunging certain criminal convictions. Description: Expunging certain criminal convictions
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds from various accounts to DHHR, Medical Services Program Fund. Description: Expiring funds from various accounts to DHHR, Medical Services Program Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds from State Excess Lottery Revenue Fund to DHHR, Medical Services Program Fund. Description: Expiring funds from State Excess Lottery Revenue Fund to DHHR, Medical Services Program Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds from State Excess Lottery Revenue Fund to various accounts. Description: Expiring funds from State Excess Lottery Revenue Fund to various accounts
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Expiring funds from General Revenue and Lottery Net Profits to various accounts. Description: Expiring funds from General Revenue and Lottery Net Profits to various accounts
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplementing, amending, and increasing appropriations of public moneys for claims against state. Description: Supplementing, amending, and increasing appropriations of public moneys for claims against state
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating local fire department as safe-surrender site to accept physical custody of certain children from lawful custodian. Description: Designating local fire department as safe-surrender site to accept physical custody of certain children from lawful custodian
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to management of public records. Description: Relating to management of public records
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recalculating tax on generating, producing, or selling electricity from solar energy facilities. Description: Recalculating tax on generating, producing, or selling electricity from solar energy facilities
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Changing and adding fees to wireless enhanced 911 fee. Description: Authorizing establishment of enhanced emergency telephone systems
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating program to further development of renewable energy resources. Description: Creating program to further development of renewable energy resources
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reorganizing and re-designating Department of Military Affairs and Public Safety as Department of Homeland Security. Description: Reorganizing and re-designating Department of Military Affairs and Public Safety as Department of Homeland Security
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Critical Needs/Failing Systems Sub Account. Description: Relating to critical needs in state water and sewer systems
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to judicial branch members' salaries and pensions. Description: Relating to judicial branch members' salaries and pensions
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating special revenue account designated Military Authority Fund. Description: Creating special revenue account designated Military Authority Fund
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Reporting motor vehicle crashes to owners. Description: Reporting motor vehicle crashes to owners
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing resident manager requirement for Alcohol Beverage Control Administration. Description: Removing resident manager requirement for Alcohol Beverage Control Administration
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Changing method of allocating funding from Safe School Funds. Description: Changing method of allocating funding from Safe School Funds
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Declaring certain claims against state as moral obligations of state. Description: Declaring certain claims against state as moral obligations of state
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to employment grievance procedure for public employees. Description: Relating to employment grievance procedure for public employees
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Conforming WV law to federal distance requirements for locations of salvage yards. Description: Conforming WV law to federal distance requirements for locations of salvage yards
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation approve home plans for inmates. Description: Authorizing Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation approve home plans for inmates
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing noncitizen of US be eligible for teaching certificate. Description: Allowing noncitizen of US be eligible for teaching certificate
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating one-day annual license to permit charitable auction of sealed rare, antique, or vintage liquor bottles. Description: Creating one-day annual license to permit charitable auction of sealed rare, antique, or vintage liquor bottles
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying alcohol by volume percentage for certain wines. Description: Clarifying alcohol by volume percentage for certain wines
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Medicaid Families First Reserve Fund account. Description: Creating Medicaid Families First Reserve Fund account
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Allowing administration of small estates. Description: Allowing administration of small estates
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating new private club licenses and requirements. Description: Creating new private club licenses and requirements
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing WVCHIP flexibility in rate setting. Description: Allowing WVCHIP flexibility in rate setting
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Correcting incorrect code citation in WV Consumer Credit and Protection Act. Description: Correcting incorrect code citation in WV Consumer Credit and Protection Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting physician's assistants and advanced practice registered nurses issue do-not-resuscitate orders. Description: Permitting physician assistants and advanced practice registered nurses issue do-not-resuscitate orders
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing dental coverage for adult Medicaid recipients. Description: Providing dental coverage for adult Medicaid recipients
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting county emergency phone system directors negotiate contracts for mobile phones. Description: Permitting county emergency phone system directors negotiate contracts for mobile phones
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to definition of "mortgage loan originator". Description: Relating to definition of "mortgage loan originator"
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing School Building Authority promulgate legislative rules. Description: Authorizing School Building Authority promulgate legislative rules
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing number of magistrates in certain counties. Description: Increasing number of magistrates in Putnam County
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing certain sheriffs transfer from PERS to Deputy Sheriff Retirement System. Description: Allowing certain sheriffs transfer from PERS to Deputy Sheriff Retirement System
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to valuation of natural resources land property. Description: Relating to valuation of natural resources land property
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing designation of tourism development districts. Description: Allowing designation of tourism development districts
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Regulating electric bicycles. Description: Regulating electric bicycles
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Replacing minimum minutes of instructional time required per day. Description: Replacing minimum minutes of instructional time required per day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Removing restrictions on fiduciary commissioners. Description: Removing restrictions on fiduciary commissioners
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Adding physician's assistant to list of medical professionals capable of determining if individual lacks capacity. Description: Adding physician's assistant to list of medical professionals capable of determining if individual lacks capacity
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring persons convicted of certain crimes on or after March 8, 1995, provide DNA samples. Description: Requiring persons convicted of certain crimes on or after March 8, 1995, provide DNA samples
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Enacting Uniform Trust Decanting Act. Description: Enacting Uniform Trust Decanting Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending service of process on nonresident persons or corporate entities. Description: Amending service of process on nonresident persons or corporate entities
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating special registration plate recognizing Girl Scouts. Description: Creating special registration plate recognizing Girl Scouts
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Permitting DOH purchase hardware items and equipment from local seller. Description: Permitting DOH purchase hardware items and equipment from local seller
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting fees from Central Abuse Registry be used for information technology support costs. Description: Permitting fees from Child Abuse Registry be used for information technology support costs
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Waiving fines and fees for completing Getting Over Addicted Lifestyles Successfully Program. Description: Waiving fines and fees for completing Getting Over Addicted Lifestyles Successfully Program
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Qualifying not-for-profit private baccalaureate institutions for Advanced Career Education programs and WV Invests Grant Program. Description: Qualifying not-for-profit private baccalaureate institutions for Advanced Career Education programs and WV Invests Grant Program
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Exempting contract and common carrier laws for certain vehicles. Description: Exempting contract and common carrier laws for certain vehicles
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Increasing compensation of elected county officials. Description: Increasing compensation of elected county officials
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Enacting Requiring Accountable Pharmaceutical Transparency, Oversight, and Reporting Act. Description: Enacting Requiring Accountable Pharmaceutical Transparency, Oversight, and Reporting Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Permitting street-legal special purpose vehicles on highways. Description: Relating to overland recreation
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Limiting programs adopted by State Board of Education. Description: Limiting programs adopted by State Board of Education
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Exempting physicians from specified traffic laws when responding to emergencies. Description: Exempting physicians from specified traffic laws when responding to emergencies
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Designating specific grade levels in which nutrition and physical fitness programs are taught. Description: Designating specific grade levels in which nutrition and physical fitness programs are taught
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing earning limit for employees who accept separation incentive. Description: Increasing earning limit for employees who accept separation incentive
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing military veterans with certain experience qualify for examination as electrician or plumber. Description: Allowing military veterans with certain experience qualify for examination as electrician or plumber
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying duties of law-enforcement training and certification subcommittee. Description: Clarifying duties of law-enforcement training and certification subcommittee
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to nursing career pathways. Description: Relating to nursing career pathways
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing pilot program to evaluate telemedicine health services. Description: Establishing pilot program to evaluate telemedicine health services
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to juvenile jurisdiction of circuit courts. Description: Relating to juvenile jurisdiction of circuit courts
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Correcting name of Forensic Analysis Laboratory. Description: Correcting name of Forensic Analysis Laboratory
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring DHHR pay for tubal ligation without 30-day wait between consent and sterilization. Description: Requiring DHHR pay for tubal ligation without 30-day wait between consent and sterilization
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating generally to adult protective services. Description: Relating generally to adult protective services
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Imposing health care-related provider tax on certain health care organizations. Description: Imposing health care-related provider tax on certain health care organizations
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to special license plates for public and private nonprofit transit providers. Description: Relating to special license plates for public and private nonprofit transit providers
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring Department of Education develop plan based on analyzed data on school discipline. Description: Requiring Department of Education develop plan based on analyzed data on school discipline
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation to various Department of Education accounts. Description: Supplemental appropriation to various Department of Education accounts
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to disbursement of funds for highway road repair. Description: Relating to disbursement of funds for highway road repair
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Exempting all property used for agricultural purposes from county property maintenance codes or ordinances. Description: Exempting all property used for agricultural purposes from county property maintenance codes or ordinances
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to awards and disability under Deputy Sheriff Retirement Act. Description: Relating to awards and disability under Deputy Sheriff Retirement Act
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing fee payment and expense reimbursement for attorneys who participate on court teams established by Supreme Court of Appeals. Description: Authorizing fee payment and expense reimbursement for attorneys who participate on court teams established by Supreme Court of Appeals
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing political party status. Description: Recognizing political party status
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying powers and duties of DOH in acquiring property for state road purposes. Description: Clarifying powers and duties of DOH in acquiring property for state road purposes
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Flatwater Trail Commission. Description: Creating Flatwater Trail Commission
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing PSC protect consumers of distressed and failing water and wastewater utilities. Description: Authorizing PSC protect consumers of distressed and failing water and wastewater utilities
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying authorized users of Ron Yost Personal Assistance Services Fund. Description: Clarifying authorized users of Ron Yost Personal Assistance Services Fund
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating exemption to state sales and use tax for rental and leasing of equipment. Description: Creating exemption to state sales and use tax for rental and leasing of equipment
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing contracted managed care companies access to uniform maternal screening tool. Description: Providing contracted managed care companies access to uniform maternal screening tool
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring Bureau for Public Health develop Diabetes Action Plan. Description: Requiring Bureau for Public Health develop Diabetes Action Plan
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Increasing awareness of palliative care services. Description: Increasing awareness of palliative care services
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring Fatality and Mortality Review Team share data with CDC. Description: Requiring Fatality and Mortality Review Team share data with CDC
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing extended learning opportunities. Description: Establishing extended learning opportunities
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Removing certain requirements of municipality annexing property within urban growth boundary. Description: Removing certain requirements of municipality annexing property within urban growth boundary
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating generally to medical cannabis. Description: Relating generally to medical cannabis
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to High-Wage Growth Business Tax Credit Act. Description: Relating to High-Wage Growth Business Tax Credit Act
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to authority of Emergency Medical Services Advisory Council. Description: Relating to authority of Emergency Medical Services Advisory Council
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Allowing state college or university apply to HEPC for designation as administratively exempt school. Description: Allowing state college or university apply to HEPC for designation as administratively or financially exempt school
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating Preserving Patient Stability Act of 2020. Description: Creating Preserving Patient Stability Act of 2020
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Modifying "Habitual Offender" statute. Description: Modifying "Habitual Offender" statute
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to licensure of hospitals. Description: Relating to licensure of hospitals
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Revising requirements for post-doctoral training. Description: Revising requirements for post-doctoral training
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying American Law Institute's Restatements of Law. Description: Clarifying American Law Institute's Restatements of Law
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation expiring funds from State Excess Lottery Revenue Fund to DHHR. Description: Supplemental appropriation of expiring funds from State Excess Lottery Revenue Fund to DHHR
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation expiring funds in State Excess Lottery Revenue to Department of Veterans' Assistance. Description: Supplemental appropriation of expiring funds in State Excess Lottery Revenue to Department of Veterans' Assistance
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation by decreasing and adding new appropriation out of Treasury to DMAPS. Description: Supplemental appropriation by decreasing and adding new appropriation out of Treasury to DMAPS
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to reports regarding collaborative agreements between community and technical colleges and federally registered apprenticeship programs. Description: Relating to reports regarding collaborative agreements between community and technical colleges and federally registered apprenticeship programs
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to fees assessed by Health Care Authority on certain hospitals. Description: Relating to fees assessed by Health Care Authority on certain hospitals
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Establishing uniform electioneering prohibition area. Description: Establishing uniform electioneering prohibition area
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Providing benefits to pharmacists for rendered care. Description: Providing benefits to pharmacists for rendered care
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Repealing obsolete sections of WV Code relating to Legislature. Description: Repealing obsolete sections of WV Code relating to Legislature
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to business and occupation taxes imposed on certain coal-fired electric generating units. Description: Relating to B&O taxes imposed on certain coal-fired electric generating units
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing governing boards of public and private hospitals employ hospital police officers. Description: Authorizing governing boards of public and private hospitals employ hospital police officers
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring dairy foods processed in state be added to list of items to be purchased by state-funded institutions. Description: Requiring dairy foods processed in state be added to list of items to be purchased by state-funded institutions
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing electric utilities construct and operate project within electric utility distribution system. Description: Authorizing electric utilities construct and operate project within electric utility distribution system
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to public utilities generally. Description: Relating to public utilities generally
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation of money out of General Revenue Fund to DHHR. Description: Supplemental appropriation of money out of General Revenue Fund to DHHR
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation of moneys from Treasury to PSC, Consumer Advocate Fund. Description: Supplemental appropriation of moneys from Treasury to PSC, Consumer Advocate Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation of moneys from Treasury to WV Commuter Rail Access Fund. Description: Supplemental appropriation of moneys from Treasury to WV Commuter Rail Access Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation out of federal funds in Treasury to DOT. Description: Supplemental appropriation out of federal funds in Treasury to DOT
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Implementing federal Affordable Clean Energy rule. Description: Implementing federal Affordable Clean Energy rule
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation from Lottery Net Profits to Bureau of Senior Services. Description: Supplemental appropriation from Lottery Net Profits to Bureau of Senior Services
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Updating North American Industry Classification System code references. Description: Updating North American Industry Classification System code references
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Relating to DOH management of Coal Resource Transportation roads. Description: Relating to DOH management of Coal Resource Transportation roads
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing DHHR transfer comprehensive community mental health centers and intellectual disability facilities to regional centers and facilities. Description: Authorizing DHHR transfer comprehensive community mental health centers and intellectual disability facilities to regional centers and facilities
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing immunity from civil liability to facilities and employees providing crisis stabilization. Description: Providing immunity from civil liability to facilities and employees providing crisis stabilization
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying municipal B&O taxation where business activity occurs. Description: Clarifying municipal B&O taxation where business activity occurs
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Establishing Overland Recreation Fund. Description: Establishing Overland Recreation Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Eliminating special merit-based employment system for health care professionals. Description: Eliminating special merit-based employment system for health care professionals
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Permitting retailers assume sales or use tax assessed on tangible personal property. Description: Permitting retailers assume sales or use tax assessed on tangible personal property
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Providing exemptions from ad valorem taxes for certain types of personal property. Description: Providing exemptions from ad valorem taxes for certain types of personal property
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Directing state police establish referral program for substance abuse treatment. Description: Directing state police establish referral program for substance abuse treatment
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating State Advisory Council on Postsecondary Attainment Goals. Description: Creating State Advisory Council on Postsecondary Attainment Goals
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Creating statutory fee for modifying permits issued by DEP Office of Oil and Gas. Description: Creating statutory fee for modifiying permits issued by DEP Office of Oil and Gas
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring Governor to fix salaries of certain appointed officers after office is vacated. Description: Requiring Governor to fix salaries of certain appointed officers after office is vacated
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring Superintendent of Schools establish a Behavior Interventionist Pilot Program in two school districts for five years. Description: Requiring Superintendent of Schools establish a Behavior Interventionist Pilot Program in two schoool districts for five years
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation of funds from Treasury to DHHR Energy Assistance Fund. Description: Supplemental appropriation of funds from Treasury to DHHR Energy Assistance Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation from Treasury to DHHR Birth-to-Three Fund. Description: Supplemental appropriation from Treasury to DHHR Birth-to-Three Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation from Treasury to DHHR, Division of Human Services. Description: Supplemental appropriation from Treasury to DHHR, Division of Human Services
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring hospital publish notification prior to facility closure regarding patient medical records. Description: Requiring hospital publish notification prior to facility closure regarding patient medical records
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Updating controlled substance lists in Schedules I and V. Description: Updating controlled substance lists in schedules I and V
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarifying persons charged with DUI may not participate in Military Service Members Court. Description: Clarifying persons charged with DUI may not participate in Military Service Members Court
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Relating to military service as factor in certain insurance coverage rates. Description: Relating to military service as factor in certain insurance coverage rates
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting racial discrimination based on certain hair textures and hairstyles. Description: Prohibiting racial discrimination based on certain hair textures and hairstyles
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requiring Governor's Committee on Crime, Delinquency, and Correction propose rule in coordination with law enforcement and certain medical boards. Description: Requiring Governor's Committee on Crime, Delinquency, and Correction propose rule in coordination with law enforcement and certain medical boards
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation of public moneys from Treasury to Department of Education, School Building Fund. Description: Supplemental appropriation of public moneys from Treasury to Department of Education, School Building Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 23, 2020, as Human Resources Day. Description: Designating January 23, 2020, as Human Resources Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation of public moneys from Treasury to Department of Education, School Building Authority. Description: Supplemental appropriation of public moneys from Treasury to Department of Education, School Building Authority
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Expiring funds to Division of Culture and History from Auditor's Office, Purchasing Card Administration Fund. Description: Expiring funds to Division of Culture and History from Auditor's Office, Purchasing Card Administration Fund
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Expiring funds to State Rail Authority, WV Commuter Rail Access Fund from Auditor's Office, Purchasing Card Administration Fund. Description: Expiring funds to State Rail Authority, WV Commuter Rail Access Fund from Auditor's Office, Purchasing Card Administration Fund
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Expiring funds from WV Development Office, Synthetic Fuel, Producing County Fund to Market and Communications Operating Fund. Description: Expiring funds from WV Development Office, Synthetic Fuel, Producing County Fund to Market and Communications Operating Fund
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing the appointment of employees for this, the Second Regular Session of the Eighty-fourth Legislature, 2020.. Description: Authorizing the appointment of employees for this, the Second Regular Session of the Eighty-fourth Legislature, 2020.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing printing and distribution of Acts of the Legislature and Journals of the House. Description: Authorizing printing and distribution of Acts of the Legislature and Journals of the House
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing the life of the Honorable Roy Givens. Description: Memorializing the life of the Honorable Roy Givens
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating a single state funeral to be held upon the death of the last living Medal of Honor recipient from World War II. Description: Designating a single state funeral to be held upon the death of the last living Medal of Honor recipient from World War II
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing the life of the Honorable Jody Guthrie Smirl. Description: Memorializing the life of the Honorable Jody Guthrie Smirl
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing the life of the Honorable Sally Matz Susman. Description: Memorializing the life of the Honorable Sally Matz Susman
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Calling upon the Attorney General to investigate the business practices of Alecto. Description: Calling upon the Attorney General to investigate the business practices of Alecto
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging Major League Baseball to rescind the ill-advised proposal that threatens the future of professional baseball in West Virginia. Description: Urging Major League Baseball to rescind the ill-advised proposal that threatens the future of professional baseball in West Virginia
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Raising committee to notify House of Delegates Senate has assembled. Description: Raising committee to notify House of Delegates Senate has assembled
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Raising committee to notify Governor Legislature has assembled. Description: Raising committee to notify Governor Legislature has assembled
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Creating Select Committee on Children and Families. Description: Creating Select Committee on Children and Families
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Amending Senate Rule 15 relating to bill and resolution introduction. Description: Amending Senate Rule 15 relating to bill and resolution introduction
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Authorizing appointment of Senate employees. Description: Authorizing appointment of Senate employees
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing OMEGA for support of Children's Home Society of WV. Description: Recognizing OMEGA for support of Children's Home Society of WV
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 15, 2020, as Tourism Day at Legislature. Description: Designating January 15, 2020, as Tourism Day at Legislature
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 16, 2020, as Aviation Day. Description: Designating January 16, 2020, as Aviation Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 20, 2020, as Down Syndrome Awareness Day. Description: Designating January 20, 2020, as Down Syndrome Awareness Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 21, 2020, as West Virginia University Day. Description: Designating January 21, 2020, as West Virginia University Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 22, 2020, as Disability Advocacy Day. Description: Designating January 22, 2020, as Disability Advocacy Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 24, 2020, as Women's and Girls' Day. Description: Designating January 24, 2020, as Women's and Girls' Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 24, 2020, as Corrections Day. Description: Designating January 24, 2020, as Corrections Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing contributions of American Civil Liberties Union on its centennial anniversary. Description: Recognizing contributions of American Civil Liberties Union on its centennial anniversary
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing 75th anniversary of liberation of Auschwitz and creation of International Holocaust Remembrance Day. Description: Recognizing 75th anniversary of liberation of Auschwitz and creation of International Holocaust Remembrance Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Leadership Berkeley. Description: Recognizing Leadership Berkeley
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating Chad Nuzum for winning Earle S. Dillard Insurance Agent of Year Award. Description: Congratulating Chad Nuzum for winning Earle S. Dillard Insurance Agent of Year Award
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Prestera Center for Mental Health Services. Description: Recognizing Prestera Center for Mental Health Services
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 29, 2020, as Preston County Day. Description: Designating January 29, 2020, as Preston County Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Celebrating achievements and contributions of Monongalia County. Description: Celebrating achievements and contributions of Monongalia County
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating January 30, 2020, as Marshall University Day. Description: Designating January 30, 2020, as Marshall University Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating University of Charleston men's soccer team. Description: Congratulating University of Charleston men's soccer team
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating Lukas and Gabby Newcomer, of Noble Farms, Inc., for winning Conservation Farm of Year Award. Description: Congratulating Lukas and Gabby Newcomer, of Noble Farms, Inc., for winning Conservation Farm of Year Award
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating George Washington High School Patriots boys' tennis team for winning 2019 Class AAA State Tennis Championship. Description: Congratulating George Washington High School Patriots boys' tennis team for winning 2019 Class AAA State Tennis Championship
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating George Washington High School Patriots volleyball team for winning 2019 Class AAA State Volleyball Championship. Description: Congratulating George Washington High School Patriots volleyball team for winning 2019 Class AAA State Volleyball Championship
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating George Washington High School Patriots boys' soccer team for winning 2019 Class AAA State Championship. Description: Congratulating George Washington High School Patriots boys' soccer team for winning 2019 Class AAA State Championship
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 4, 2020, as WV Homeschool Day. Description: Designating February 4, 2020, as WV Homeschool Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 4, 2020, as WV Alzheimer's Association Day. Description: Designating February 4, 2020, as WV Alzheimer's Association Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 5, 2020, as Tucker County Day. Description: Designating February 5, 2020, as Tucker County Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 5, 2020, as Cancer Survivorship Day. Description: Designating February 5, 2020, as Cancer Survivorship Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 6, 2020, as Veterans Visibility Day. Description: Designating February 6, 2020, as Veterans Visibility Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Reaffirming sister-state relationship between WV and Taiwan. Description: Reaffirming sister-state relationship between WV and Taiwan
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 7, 2020, as Dental Hygienists Day. Description: Designating February 7, 2020, as Dental Hygienists Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating Gary Young, WV Outstanding Tree Farmer for 2020. Description: Congratulating Gary Young, WV Outstanding Tree Farmer for 2020
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing 75th birthday of Smokey Bear. Description: Recognizing 75th birthday of Smokey Bear
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 12, 2020, as WV Literacy Day. Description: Designating February 12, 2020, as WV Literacy Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing contributions of AARP President Rich Stonestreet to WV and its people. Description: Recognizing contributions of AARP President Rich Stonestreet to WV and its people
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 13, 2020, as Tiny Hearts Day. Description: Designating February 13, 2020, as Tiny Hearts Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing WV Gold Star Mothers for dedication and commitment to veterans and families. Description: Recognizing WV Gold Star Mothers for dedication and commitment to veterans and families
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 17, 2020, as Pancreatic Cancer Day. Description: Designating February 17, 2020, as Pancreatic Cancer Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Commemorating centennial of ratification of 19th Amendment to the US Constitution. Description: Commemorating centennial of ratification of 19th Amendment to the US Constitution
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing President George Washington and President Abraham Lincoln on President's Day. Description: Recognizing President George Washington and President Abraham Lincoln on President's Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging Major League Baseball rescind ill-advised proposal that threatens future of professional baseball in WV. Description: Urging Major League Baseball rescind ill-advised proposal that threatens future of professional baseball in WV
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating St. Mary's High School golf team for winning 2019 Class A state golf championship. Description: Congratulating St. Mary's High School golf team for winning 2019 Class A state golf championship
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating Victory Baptist Academy volleyball team for winning 2019 WV Christian Education Association state volleyball tournament. Description: Congratulating Victory Baptist Academy volleyball team for winning 2019 WV Christian Education Association state volleyball tournament
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Clay County High School "We the People" team for winning sixth consecutive WV state championship. Description: Recognizing Clay County High School "We the People" team for winning sixth consecutive WV state championship
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing 125th Anniversary of Bluefield State College. Description: Recognizing 125th Anniversary of Bluefield State College
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 21, 2020, as WV State University Day. Description: Designating February 21, 2020, as WV State University Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 25, 2020, as Fairmont State Day. Description: Designating February 25, 2020, as Fairmont State Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Shinnston Fire Department's 90th anniversary. Description: Recognizing Shinnston Fire Department's 90th anniversary
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 26, 2020, as WV Child Care Association Celebrating Children and Families Day. Description: Designating February 26, 2020, as WV Child Care Association Celebrating Children and Families Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Jennifer Schwertfeger as 2020 WV Teacher of Year. Description: Recognizing Jennifer Schwertfeger as 2020 WV Teacher of Year
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Cabell Midland High School Marching Band. Description: Recognizing Cabell Midland High School Marching Band
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Red Hots and Heatwave Show Choirs. Description: Recognizing Red Hots and Heatwave Show Choirs
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Jason Gibbs of Wayne High School for being PLTW Biomedical Science Teacher of Year. Description: Recognizing Jason Gibbs of Wayne High School for being PLTW Biomedical Science Teacher of Year
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 28, 2020, as Honeybee and Beekeeper's Day at Capitol. Description: Designating February 28, 2020, as Honeybee and Beekeeper's Day at Capitol
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Congratulating Herbert Hoover High School softball team for winning 2019 Class AA State Championship. Description: Congratulating Herbert Hoover High School softball team for winning 2019 Class AA State Championship
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating February 28, 2020, as Domestic and Sexual Violence Awareness Day. Description: Designating February 28, 2020, as Domestic and Sexual Violence Awareness Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of Katherine Johnson, WV native, NASA mathematician, and Presidential Medal of Freedom recipient. Description: Memorializing life of Katherine Johnson, WV native, NASA mathematician, and Presidential Medal of Freedom recipient
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Leadership Jefferson. Description: Recognizing Leadership Jefferson
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing October as National Dwarfism Month. Description: Recognizing October as National Dwarfism Month
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating March 4, 2020, as Recovery Community Day. Description: Designating March 4, 2020, as Recovery Community Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing efforts of Kanawha State Forest Foundation. Description: Recognizing efforts of Kanawha State Forest Foundation
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating WV State Folk Festival as official site of WV State Pepperoni Roll Championship. Description: Designating WV State Folk Festival as official site of WV State Pepperoni Roll Championship
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing March as Red Cross Month. Description: Recognizing March as Red Cross Month
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating March 5, 2020, as Treatment Court Day. Description: Designating March 5, 2020, as Treatment Court Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing Buckhannon-Upshur 4-H Air Rifle Club. Description: Recognizing Buckhannon-Upshur 4-H Air Rifle Club
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing WV Kids Cancer Crusaders. Description: Recognizing WV Kids Cancer Crusaders
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Designating March 6, 2020, as McDowell County Day. Description: Designating March 6, 2020, as McDowell County Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of Karl Cameron "Butch" Lilly, III, former Assistant Clerk of WV Senate. Description: Memorializing life of Karl Cameron "Butch" Lilly, III, former Assistant Clerk of WV Senate
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging Congress safeguard pharmaceutical supply chains. Description: Urging Congress safeguard pharmaceutical supply chains
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Memorializing life of Dorothy Vaughan, NASA mathematician and computer programmer. Description: Memorializing life of Dorothy Vaughan, NASA mathematician and computer programmer
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Urging US Senate support Stop Looting American Pensions Act. Description: Urging US Senate support Stop Looting American Pensions Act
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Roman W. Prezioso, Jr.. Description: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Romano W. Prezioso, Jr.
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Corey Palumbo. Description: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Corey Palumbo
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Kenny Mann. Description: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Kenny Mann
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Paul Hardesty. Description: Recognizing dedicated public service of Honorable Paul Hardesty
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying House of Delegates Senate is ready to adjourn sine die. Description: Notifying House of Delegates Senate is ready to adjourn sine die
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Notifying Governor Legislature is ready to adjourn sine die. Description: Notifying Governor Legislature is ready to adjourn sine die
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending an invitation to His Excellency, the Governor, to deliver an address to the Legislature and raising a Joint Assembly. Description: Extending an invitation to His Excellancy, the Governor, to deliver an address to the Legislature and raising a Joint Assembly
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting the Division of Highways name a portion of WV 3 Vietnam Veterans Memorial Highway. Description: Requesting the Division of Highways name a portion of WV 3 Vietnam Veterans Memorial Highway
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Marine Corps LCpl Michael Linn Cooper Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Marine Corps LCpl Michael Linn Cooper Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Clarence Watson Meadows Memorial Boulevard. Description: Clarence Watson Meadows Memorial Boulevard
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Navy MM2 Carl E. Keeney, U. S. Navy SN1 Frank Keeney and U. S. Army PFC Carl M. Nicholas Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Navy MM2 Carl E. Keeney, U. S. Navy SN1 Frank Keeney and U. S. Army PFC Carl M. Nicholas Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Robert 'Glen' Schoonover Memorial Bridge. Description: Robert 'Glen' Schoonover Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army SGT Robert R. "Bob" Defibaugh Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army SGT Robert R. "Bob" Defibaugh Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Feasibility study of extracting rare earth elements from coal ash. Description: Feasibility study of extracting rare earth elements from coal ash
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Watts Brothers Memorial Road. Description: Watts Brothers Memorial Road
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army, Staff Sargent Wendell Otho Casto Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army, Staff Sargent Wendell Otho Casto Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Rose Agnes Rolls Cousins Bridge. Description: Rose Agnes Rolls Cousins Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army PFC William E. "Ed" Smith and W. Va. Army Nat. Guard SSG Edward L. "Eddie" Smith Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army PFC William E. "Ed" Smith and W. Va. Army Nat. Guard SSG Edward L. "Eddie" Smith Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Gold Star Families Highway. Description: Gold Star Families Highway
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army PFC James Ray Miller Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army PFC James Ray Miller Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Specialist, Four, Franklin D. Ashley II Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army Specialist, Four, Franklin D. Ashley II Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Spec. 4, Roger Dale Griffith Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army Spec. 4, Roger Dale Griffith Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting the Division of Highways name a portion of Cannelton Road "In Memory of Fallen Corrections Officers". Description: Requesting the Division of Highways name a portion of Cannelton Road "In Memory of Fallen Corrections Officers"
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army PFC Thomas Howard Wills, Jr. Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army PFC Thomas Howard Wills, Jr. Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U.S.M.C. Cpl Andrew Ryan White Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S.M.C. Cpl Andrew Ryan White Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Corporal C. O. 'Skip' Johnson Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army Corporal C. O. 'Skip' Johnson Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Air Corp PFC James W. Brown Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army Air Corp PFC James W. Brown Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Wolfe Brothers, Edward, William, Paul, George and Fred, WW II Veterans Memorial Bridge. Description: Wolfe Brothers, Edward, William, Paul, George and Fred, WW II Veterans Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S.A.F. Lt Col Frederick Donald Belknap Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S.A.F. Lt Col Frederick Donald Belknap Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting the Division of Highways to place at least 10 additional signs along highways entering West Virginia honoring fallen veterans and Gold Star Families. Description: Requesting the Division of Highways to place at least 10 additional signs along highways entering West Virginia honoring fallen veterans and Gold Star Families
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U.S. Navy BT 2nd Wade E. Burnside Memorial Bridge. Description: U.S. Navy BT 2nd Wade E. Burnside Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army PFC Nile C. Ballard Memorial Road. Description: U. S. Army PFC Nile C. Ballard Memorial Road
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Coach Kenny Wright Road. Description: Coach Kenny Wright Road
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: The Hall Brothers Veterans Bridge. Description: The Hall Brothers Veterans Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. PFC Dennis Warren Baxter, USMC, Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. PFC Dennis Warren Baxter, USMC, Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: PFC David Henry Shifflet Memorial Bridge. Description: PFC David Henry Shifflet Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U. S. Army Sgt John Matthew Tully Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army Sgt John Matthew Tully Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Air Corps SSGT Charles Dexter Duncan Memorial Road. Description: U. S. Army Air Corps SSGT Charles Dexter Duncan Memorial Road
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Gunsmiths Trace. Description: Gunsmiths Trace
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army PFC Paul Eugene Gregg Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army PFC Paul Eugene Gregg Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Air Corps T SGT Ralph H. Ray Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army Air Corps T SGT Ralph H. Ray Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: PFC Marvin K. "Sonny" Sherman Memorial Bridge. Description: PFC Marvin K. "Sonny" Sherman Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Pendleton County Veterans Killed in Action Memorial Bridge. Description: Pendleton County Veterans Killed in Action Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Marine Corps Lance Corporal Eddie Dean Starcher Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Marine Corps Lance Corporal Eddie Dean Starcher Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army PFC Teddy Ray Chandler Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army PFC Teddy Ray Chandler Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: USMC Cpl Guy Maywood Edwards Memorial Bridge. Description: USMC Cpl Guy Maywood Edwards Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Sharp Military Brothers Bridge. Description: Sharp Military Brothers Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army SP5 Benny Ray Snodgrass Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army SP5 Benny Ray Snodgrass Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U. S. Army TEC5 Donald "Tiny" Lucas Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army TEC5 Donald "Tiny" Lucas Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Sgt. Joseph W. McCutcheon Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army Sgt. Joseph W. McCutcheon Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: First Lieutenant Fred Omar Pratt Memorial Bridge. Description: First Lieutenant Fred Omar Pratt Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Kidd Brothers Veterans Memorial Bridge. Description: Kidd Brothers Veterans Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Air Force Senior Airman Luke Christopher Wamsley Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Air Force Senior Airman Luke Christopher Wamsley Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U. S. Army Air Corps Private Albert J. Sutphin Memorial Highway. Description: U. S. Army Air Corps Private Albert J. Sutphin Memorial Highway
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army PFC Roger Lee Carpenter Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army PFC Roger Lee Carpenter Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Naming the highest peak on Wolf Creek Mountain in Monroe County, Booneís Peak. Description: Naming the highest peak on Wolf Creek Mountain in Monroe County, Booneís Peak
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Nurses Corps CPT Nancy Margret Kiess Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army Nurses Corp CPT Nancy Margret Kiess Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army Major Michael Alphonse Rafferty Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army Major Michael Alphonse Rafferty Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Naming a portion of Buffalo Creek Road, In Memory of Tootsie Hensley, Please keep Buffalo Creek Litter Free. Description: Naming a portion of Buffalo Creek Road, In Memory of Tootsie Hensley, Please keep Buffalo Creek Litter Free
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: U. S. Army SFC Guy R. Hively Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army SFC Guy R. Hively Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Joint Committee on Government and Finance to study ways the state can leverage technology. Description: Requesting Joint Committee on Government and Finance to study ways the state can leverage technology
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing the last day of February every year as Rare Disease Day. Description: Recognizing the last day of February every year as Rare Disease Day
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Johnnie Bryant Moore Memorial Bridge. Description: Johnnie Bryant Moore Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army SGT James Shellace Armentrout Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army SGT James Shellace Armentrout Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Wood Brothers Memorial Bridge. Description: Wood Brothers Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Caldwell Brothers Memorial Road. Description: Caldwell Brothers Memorial Road
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Mayor Abraham E. Huddleston Memorial Bridge. Description: Mayor Abraham E. Huddleston Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Calling for the construction of a licensed Off Highway Vehicle semi-contiguous trail to parallel the Appalachian Hiking Trail on the western side. Description: Calling for the construction of a licensed Off Highway Vehicle semi-contiguous trail to parallel the Appalachian Hiking Trail on the western side
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the hiring exemptions of the West Virginia State Tax Department and the West Virginia Division of Highways--Department of Transportation. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the hiring exemptions of the West Virginia State Tax Department and the West Virginia Division of Highways--Department of Transportation
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Delegate Emily Warden Yeager Memorial Bridge. Description: Delegate Emily Warden Yeager Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army CPL Russell Allen Taylor Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Army CPL Russell Allen Taylor Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Claude Markle Hill. Description: Claude Markle Hill
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requiring the development of funding formulas for West Virginiaís public institutions of higher education. Description: Requiring the development of funding formulas for West Virginiaís public institutions of higher education
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: French & Indian War Veterans Memorial Bridge. Description: French & Indian War Veterans Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Air Force Colonel Rishel C. Walker Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Air Force Colonel Rishel C. Walker Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Navy PO3 Heath ìScrappyî Shilling Memorial Road. Description: U. S. Navy PO3 Heath ìScrappyî Shilling Memorial Road
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Airman Thomas Harry Honaker, Jr. Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Airman Thomas Harry Honaker, Jr. Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Speaker Clyde M. See, Jr. Exit. Description: Speaker Clyde M. See, Jr. Exit
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Air Force Major Mary Lafferty Coll, D.O. Memorial Bridge. Description: U. S. Air Force Major Mary Lafferty Coll, D.O. Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study the impact on counties that pay for the cost of transporting persons requiring mental health treatment and/or substance abuse treatment to mental health facilities or state hospitals outside of that county. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study the impact on counties that pay for the cost of transporting persons requiring mental health treatment and/or substance abuse treatment to mental health facilities or state hospitals outside of that county
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the licensing categories and regulation of contractors by the West Virginia Contractors Licensing Board. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the licensing categories and regulation of contractors by the West Virginia Contractors Licensing Board
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study of licensure, certification and registration forms of occupational and professional regulation. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study of licensure, certification and registration forms of occupational and professional regulation
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study of the feasibility of a single building to house all occupational and professional regulatory boards. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study of the feasibility of a single building to house all occupational and professional regulatory boards
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study duplicative and unnecessary professional and occupational regulations. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study duplicative and unnecessary professional and occupational regulations
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study of state procurement policies to identify best practices, including exploring exceptions to the statewide contract and purchasing policies generally. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study of state procurement policies to identify best practices, including exploring exceptions to the statewide contract and purchasing policies generally
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study of state logging regulations regarding trucking and related insurance requirements compared to other logging intensive states. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study state logging regulations regarding trucking and related insurance requirements compared to other logging intensive states
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Eustice Frederick Memorial Road. Description: Eustice Frederick Memorial Road
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Extending the Committee of Conference relating to consideration of Com. Sub. for H. B. 4275. Description: Extending the Committee of Conference relating to consideration of Com. Sub. for H. B. 4275
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the Division of Personnel regarding the policies and practices. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the Division of Personnel regarding the policies and practices
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Kaylee Grace Whetzel Memorial Bridge. Description: Kaylee Grace Whetzel Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study how state agencies can better manage the amount of state taxpayer dollars spend on utilities. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study how state agencies can better manage the amount of state taxpayer dollars spend on utilities
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the professional and occupational licensing policies. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study the professional and occupational licensing policies
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to study the adoption and enforcement of the municipal building codes and property maintenance codes. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to study the adoption and enforcement of the municipal building codes and property maintenance codes
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study to research the obstacles preventing private school students from attending vocational school in West Virginia. Description: Requesting a study to research the obstacles preventing private school students from attending vocational school in West Virginia
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study to consider the Icelandic Model for substance use prevention. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance to conduct a study to consider the Icelandic Model for substance use prevention
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study of involuntary commitment practices for persons suffering from severe psychiatric illnesses. Description: Requesting a study of involuntary commitment practices for persons suffering from severe psychiatric illnesses
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study to determine the usage and whereabouts of federal money allocated to the State of West Virginia for the purpose of prevention and treatment efforts regarding the state opioid crisis. Description: Requesting a study to determine the usage and whereabouts of federal money allocated to the State of West Virgina for the purpose of prevention and treatment efforts regarding the state opiod crisis
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study of prescription drug transparency laws, including reports on data submitted by health insurers, manufacturers, and pharmacy benefit managers. Description: Requesting a study of prescription drug transparency laws, including reports on data submitted by health insurers, manufacturers, and pharmacy benefit managers
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study to present a plan for the combination of the Board of Medicine and the Board of Osteopathic Medicine. Description: Requesting a study to present a plan for the combination of the Board of Medicine and the Board of Osteopathic Medicine
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study of appropriate identification and medical and rehabilitative interventions for persons who sustain a traumatic brain injury. Description: Requesting a study of appropriate identification and medical and rehabilitative interventions for persons who sustain a traumatic brain injury
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting a study of sexual violence prevention and intervention services. Description: Requesting a study of sexual violence prevention and intervention services
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: U. S. Army TSGT Denver E. Short Memorial Road. Description: U. S. Army TSGT Denver E. Short Memorial Road
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Urging the President and Congress of the United States of America take no action to employ military forces of the United States in active duty combat unless the United States Congress has passed an official declaration of war. Description: Urging the President and Congress of the United States of America take no action to employ military forces of the United States in active duty combat unless the United States Congress has passed an official declaration of war
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study and analyze the continued impact of human trafficking in West Virginia. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study and analyze the continued impact of human trafficking in West Virginia
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study ongoing issues relating to providing resources and processes to support and assist ìGrandfamiliesî caring for minor children in West Virginia. Description: Requesting the Joint Committee on Government and Finance study ongoing issues relating to providing resources and processes to support and assist ìGrandfamiliesî caring for minor children in West Virginia
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Designating dogs adopted from animal shelters and rescues as WV official state dog. Description: Designating dogs adopted from animal shelters and rescues as WV official state dog
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Frederick County, Virginia, consider becoming part of State of West Virginia. Description: Requesting Frederick County, Virginia, consider becoming part of State of West Virginia
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army MSG Richard A. "Dick" Smoot Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army MSG Richard A. "Dick" Smoot Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Urging Congress call convention to propose amendment on congressional term limits. Description: Urging Congress call convention to propose amendment on congressional term limits
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Walter E. Swiger, Jr., Memorial Bridge. Description: Walter E. Swiger, Jr., Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: US Army PFC Clifford O. Eckard Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army PFC Clifford O. Eckard Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army 1LT Harold H. Frazier Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army 1st Lieutenant Harold H. Frazier Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army SSG Nick P. Markos Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army SSG Nick P. Markos Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting study of current WV laws relating to anti-bullying measures in schools. Description: Requesting study of current WV laws relating to anti-bullying measures in schools
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army PFC Gary Alcott Birkhimer Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army PFC Gary Alcott Birkhimer Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Ira "Noon" Copley and Marie Copley Memorial Bridge. Description: Ira "Noon" Copley and Marie Copley Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Firefighter Marvin Layton Hughes Memorial Bridge. Description: Firefighter Marvin Layton Hughes Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: USMC PFC Manuel P. Markos Memorial Bridge. Description: USMC PFC Manuel P. Markos Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: William "Bill" Thurman King Memorial Bridge. Description: William "Bill" Thurman King Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: USMC LCpl Fred Michael Kerns Memorial Bridge. Description: USMC LCpl Fred Michael Kerns Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: US Senator Joseph Rosier Memorial Highway. Description: US Senator Joseph Rosier Memorial Highway
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: George M. Hall Memorial Bridge. Description: George M. Hall Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study of State Police's increased duties and responsibilities. Description: Requesting study of State Police's increased duties and responsibilities
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Fire Chief Lee Thomas Memorial Bridge. Description: Fire Chief Lee Thomas Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting study on impact of future electromagnetic pulse catastrophe. Description: Requesting study on impact of future electromagnetic pulse catastrophe
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting study on ways to make State Capitol building more handicap accessible. Description: Requesting study on ways to make State Capitol building more handicap accessible
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Curtis "Pap" and Millie "Mammie" Asbury Bridge. Description: Curtis "Pap" and Millie "Mammie" Asbury Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting DEA and USDA promulgate rule allowing state to take custody of certain cannabis plants for testing on lowering THC levels in processed hemp. Description: Requesting DEA and USDA promulgate rule allowing state to take custody of certain cannabis plants for testing on lowering THC levels in processed hemp
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Stanley W. and Evelyn C. See Memorial Bridge. Description: Stanley W. and Evelyn C. See Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Marine Corps PFC James R. "Johnny" Corder Memorial Bridge. Description: US Marine Corps PFC James R. "Johnny" Corder Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Air Force MSGT Dvon Duncan Memorial Bridge. Description: US Air Force MSGT Dvon Duncan Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army CPL Dane Hampton Hamric Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army CPL Dane Hampton Hamric Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Veterans Memorial Drive. Description: Veterans Memorial Drive
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Shafer Brothers US Military Veterans Memorial Bridge. Description: Shafer Brothers US Military Veterans Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Navy PO1 Jeffrey S. Taylor Memorial Bridge. Description: US Navy PO1 Jeffrey S. Taylor Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army CPL Richard "Warren" Ellison Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army CPL Richard "Warren" Ellison Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: US Army 1LT Fred Omar Pratt Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army 1LT Fred Omar Pratt Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Naming portion of road in Wayne County "In Memory of Tootsie Hensley, Please Keep Buffalo Creek Litter Free". Description: Naming portion of road in Wayne County "In Memory of Tootsie Hensley, Please Keep Buffalo Creek Litter Free"
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Requesting DEP and DHHR propose public source-water supply study plan. Description: Requesting DEP and DHHR propose public source-water supply study plan
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: US Army PFC Ronald Lee Berry Memorial Bridge. Description: US Army PFC Ronald Lee Berry Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting DOT, DOH evaluate October 1, 2018, "Updated Oil and Gas Road Policy". Description: Requesting DOT, DOH evaluate October 1, 2018, "Updated Oil and Gas Road Policy"
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Requesting DEP and Commerce Dept. research constructing lake where headwaters of Guyandotte and Coal rivers meet. Description: Requesting DEP and Commerce Dept. research constructing lake where headwaters of Guyandotte and Coal rivers meet
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Haynie Family Veterans Memorial Bridge. Description: Haynie Family Veterans Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Frye Brothers Memorial Bridge. Description: Frye Brothers Memorial Bridge
In 2020, West Virginia passed a bill titled: Rachel Hershey Smith Memorial Shelter. Description: Rachel Hershey Smith Memorial Shelter
In 2020, West Virginia engrossed a bill titled: Urging Congress to allow US DOT create pilot study with WV, Kentucky, and Indiana on vehicle weight capacity. Description: Urging Congress to allow US DOT create pilot study with WV, Kentucky, and Indiana on vehicle weight capacity
