Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Wyoming:
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Manufacturing sales and use tax exemption-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; repealing the sunset date for the manufacturing sales tax and use tax exemptions; repealing provisions for the manufacturing use tax exemption to align with the manufacturing sales tax exemption; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Solid waste municipal cease and transfer funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to the prioritization of cease and transfer projects for municipal solid waste facilities; authorizing expenditure of previously appropriated funds; establishing a prioritized list of projects; establishing a maximum amount to be expended on projects; granting the department of environmental quality limited discretionary authority to modify the prioritized list; specifying expenditures for a carcass management project; providing definitions; requiring reports; repealing a prior priority list of cease and transfer projects; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Career technical education equipment grants amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to career technical education equipment grants for K-12 public school districts; increasing the maximum grant award; reducing the years required to expend funds for grant eligibility; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Career technical education funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; modifying the career and technical education equipment and supplies component within the education resource block grant model; making conforming amendments; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: What is a Woman Act.. Description: AN ACT relating to common law, statutes and rules of construction; specifying definitions and standards for the application of a person's biological sex in law, rules or regulations; providing for the law to distinguish between accommodations for males and females; requiring the collection of vital statistics and other data to identify persons as male or female at birth; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Removing otters as protected animals.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; removing otters from the definition of protected animals for purposes of hunting regulations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Homeschool freedom act.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; removing the requirement that a home-based educational program submit curriculum to the local school board; removing a provision relating to the failure to submit curriculum; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Secretary of state-expedited filings.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; allowing the secretary of state to charge a fee to expedite filings of documents as specified; authorizing a position; providing an appropriation; specifying a contingency; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Recreation safety-rock climbing.. Description: AN ACT relating to recreation safety; adding rock climbing as a recreation activity for purposes of the Recreation Safety Act and for liability of the land owner whose land is used for recreation purposes; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Stop ESG-State funds fiduciary duty act.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of the government; specifying requirements for the hiring and retention of investment managers, trustees and fiduciaries who invest state funds as specified; specifying proxy voting requirements for investment managers, trustees and fiduciaries who invest state funds; providing definitions; making conforming amendments; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Provider enrollment-standards.. Description: AN ACT relating to the insurance code; requiring health insurance carriers to follow specified guidelines regarding health care provider credentialing; specifying that health carriers shall not be required to violate or fail to meet requirements of a nationally recognized accrediting entity; providing definitions; specifying applicability; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Charter school authorizations-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; removing a limitation on the number of charter schools that the Wyoming charter school authorizing board may authorize; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting mask, vaccine and testing discrimination.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; prohibiting discrimination and publishing or advertising based on a person's vaccination, face covering or medical testing status as specified; providing a civil cause of action; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Driver's licenses-unauthorized alien restrictions.. Description: AN ACT relating to driver's licenses; specifying that driver's licenses and driving operating privilege cards issued by other jurisdictions to unauthorized aliens are invalid in Wyoming; providing definitions; providing a penalty; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; and provide for effective dates.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Limitations on net land gains for the federal government.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands and conveyances; limiting conveyances, exchanges and sales of land to prohibit the federal government from net increases in land within Wyoming; providing definitions; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Prohibition of institutional discrimination.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; prohibiting governmental entities from engaging in any diversity, equity or inclusion program, activity or policy; prohibiting governmental entities engaging in institutional discrimination; prohibiting required attendance for certain programs or trainings; providing definitions; requiring rulemaking; providing applicability; and providing for effective dates.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Proof of voter residency-registration qualifications.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; requiring a qualified elector to be a bona fide resident of the state of Wyoming for not less than thirty (30) days before the date of the election in which they offer to vote; requiring documentation proving residence to register to vote; prohibiting registration based on documentation showing noncitizen status; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Proof of voter citizenship.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; requiring proof of United States citizenship to register to vote as specified; providing a definition of "proof of United States citizenship"; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Homeowner tax exemption-2025 and 2026.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; establishing a homeowner property tax exemption; specifying applicability; providing a sunset date; providing legislative findings; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Repeal gun free zones and preemption amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to concealed weapons; repealing gun free zones; providing for the carrying of concealed weapons as specified; creating a criminal offense for prohibiting entry to a person carrying a concealed weapon as specified; clarifying that only the state legislature may regulate firearms, weapons and ammunition; providing for exceptions; requiring rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: State park peace officers-definition and scope of authority.. Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; amending the definition of peace officer to clarify and expand the scope of authority for park rangers, superintendents and assistant superintendents; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Residential property-removal of unlawful occupant.. Description: AN ACT relating to civil procedure; authorizing property owners to request law enforcement assistance for the removal of unauthorized occupants as specified; specifying requirements for the law enforcement assistance; specifying liability; providing civil remedies; prohibiting unlawful use of false property documents; amending the offense of property destruction and defacement by creating an additional felony offense; providing definitions; specifying penalties; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Protection order amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to stalking, sexual assault and domestic violence protection orders; amending provisions regarding the appointment of counsel; amending filing, service and notice requirements for protection orders; authorizing orders extending protection orders to be served upon the respondent by mail as specified; specifying who may file a petition on behalf of a victim of domestic abuse; amending definitions; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Protection orders-effective during appeal or review.. Description: AN ACT relating to protection orders; specifying the applicability of stalking, sexual assault and domestic violence protection orders during appeal or review; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Abandonment of water rights-limitations.. Description: AN ACT relating to water; amending the conditions under which abandonment of water rights applies as specified; requiring rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Use of fraudulent documents to wrongfully possess property.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; establishing the offense of using fraudulent documents to gain or remain in possession of property; specifying penalties; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Reading assessment and intervention amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to reading assessment and intervention; eliminating the permissive use of group reading plans in individualized reading plans; modifying the requirements for school and district improvement plans; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Oil and gas conservation commission-regulation of pits.. Description: AN ACT relating to oil and gas; amending the authority of the Wyoming oil and gas conservation commission to regulate noncommercial reserve pits, produced water retention pits and emergency overflow pits as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Industrial siting-tribal notification.. Description: AN ACT relating to industrial development and siting; requiring the provision of notice to tribal governments of applications for industrial siting permits; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; specifying applicability; and providing for effective dates.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Impact assistance payments-maximum percentages and review.. Description: AN ACT relating to industrial development and siting; specifying that the industrial siting council may increase the impact assistance payments of specified projects beyond the maximum allowable percentages; requiring approval of increases; specifying that approvals are not subject to judicial review; making conforming amendments; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Handicap placards-health care providers' approval.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; expanding the types of health care providers who have the authority to submit a letter on behalf of a patient applying for a handicap placard; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Electronic lien and title system.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; creating an electronic lien and title system; requiring the department of transportation to implement and administer an electronic lien and title system; providing a definition; exempting mobile homes; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; requiring a report; and providing for effective dates.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Protection of military equipment.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; providing an affirmative defense for use of force to protect military equipment; extending immunity for civil or criminal liability for acts committed in the performance of necessary duties to state security officers employed by the military department; providing a definition; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Wyoming national guard member referral-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to defense forces and affairs; expanding eligibility for the Wyoming national guard member referral incentive program; providing a definition; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: ROTC endowment program.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; creating the University of Wyoming reserve officers' training corps endowment; creating accounts for the endowment; providing for distributions and transfers from the accounts to the University of Wyoming's reserve officers' training corps programs; providing for the investment of the endowment fund in equities; specifying authorized expenditures; requiring reporting; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Unpaved roads speed limits-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to speed limits; authorizing local authorities to set maximum speed limits on unpaved roadways without first conducting a speed study or justifying the maximum speed limit; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Noncitizen driver's license and ID card-revisions.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; specifying requirements for driver's licenses and identification cards issued to a person who is not a United States citizen but who has lawful alien status as recognized by federal law; specifying applicability; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: School finance-routine and major maintenance calculations.. Description: AN ACT relating to K-12 public school finance; increasing the allowable square footage utilized to calculate routine and major maintenance for school districts; increasing the percentage utilized to calculate major maintenance payments to school districts; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Music therapy-use of title.. Description: AN ACT relating to professions and occupations; authorizing title protection for board certified music therapists; providing exceptions; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Performance compensation-investment performance amendment.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of the government; amending the calculation of investment performance for purposes of performance compensation for investment staff; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Zoning protest petition-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to cities and towns; amending the zoning protest process as specified; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Temporary water use agreements amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to water; extending the number of years for which temporary water rights may be granted; providing exceptions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Fairness in sports-intercollegiate athletics.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring students at the University of Wyoming and Wyoming community colleges to compete in intercollegiate athletic competitions based on their biological sex; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Business property exemption.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; providing a business property tax exemption as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Tangible personal property-index and depreciation.. Description: AN ACT relating to ad valorem taxation; requiring tangible personal property to be valued using valuation indexes and depreciation schedules as specified; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Insurance holding company regulations-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the insurance holding company system regulatory act; specifying requirements regarding group capital calculations, group capital ratios, liquidity stress tests, liquidity stress test results, and related information; amending confidentiality provisions; providing definitions; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Insurance amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the insurance code; amending the definition of insurance transaction; making requirements applicable to original certificates of authority apply to all certificates of authority; requiring insurers to update their contact information as specified; amending service of process requirements; clarifying requirements regarding reporting of actions; clarifying the applicability of statutes governing property and casualty insurance; repealing the requirement for insurers to deliver certificates of authority to the insurance commissioner upon expiration, suspension or termination of the certificates; repealing disclosure requirements regarding the extent to which disability, group disability and blanket disability insurance policies include comprehensive adult wellness benefits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Trademarks and trade names-administrative cancellation.. Description: AN ACT relating to trade and commerce; authorizing the secretary of state to administratively cancel trademarks, service marks and trade names as specified; providing the right to appeal administrative cancellations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Providing false information to registered agents.. Description: AN ACT relating to corporations, partnerships and associations; amending the grounds for administrative dissolution, revocation and forfeiture to include providing false or fraudulent information to the registered agent; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: 911 service reporting.. Description: AN ACT relating to emergency telephone service; requiring reporting of 911 outages; clarifying provisions related to reporting of revenues and expenditures; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Registered agents-release of records.. Description: AN ACT relating to registered offices and agents; authorizing the secretary of state to release confidential information maintained by registered agents as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: State lands-fencing 2.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; allowing the fencing of state lands and maintenance of fencing as specified; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Investment modernization-state nonpermanent funds.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds; amending specified statutory funds to remove their inviolate status in order to enhance their investment potential; establishing spending policies for specified statutory funds; providing for the investment of specified statutory funds; redirecting the deposit of investment earnings into the corpuses of specified statutory funds; removing specified statutory funds from the pool A investment account; making conforming amendments; repealing inconsistent and obsolete statutory provisions; providing for the treatment of prior deposits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Summer vacation preservation act.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; modifying the duties of the state board of education in approval of alternative scheduling for a school year; reducing the minimum number of class days required for public schools; reducing the number of professional development days for public schools as specified; requiring the school year to begin after Labor Day and recess prior to Memorial Day except as specified; specifying legislative intent; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Youth organizations in schools.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring school districts to allow participation of youth patriotic organizations in schools as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2025, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Game and fish property tax exemption.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; exempting  real property owned by the Wyoming game and fish commission from property taxation except for property that is used for wildlife management purposes or employee residences and subject to special taxation; amending a special tax on real property owned by the Wyoming game and fish commission that is used for any other purpose; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: General government appropriations.. Description: AN ACT to make appropriations for the fiscal biennium commencing July 1, 2024 and ending June 30, 2026; providing definitions; providing for appropriations and transfers of funds for the period of the budget and for the remainder of the current biennium ending June 30, 2024 as specified; providing for carryover of certain funds beyond the biennium as specified; providing for employee positions as specified; providing for duties, terms and conditions and other requirements relating to appropriations for the remainder of the current biennium ending June 30, 2024 and the period of the budget as specified; providing for position and other budgetary limitations; authorizing rulemaking; authorizing a charter school; providing appropriations for purposes related to state funded capital construction; creating accounts; amending existing law by redirecting revenues for the period of the budget; making conforming amendments; amending and repealing prior appropriations; providing for reports related to appropriations; continuing an account; amending and repealing prior appropriations of COVID-19 relief funds; specifying conditions on the appropriation and expenditure of COVID-19 relief funds; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Property tax exemption for long-term homeowners.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; establishing a tax exemption for long-term homeowners; providing a penalty for false claims; providing a sunset date; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Property tax refund program.. Description: AN ACT relating to property tax; amending qualifications for the property tax refund program; amending qualifications for the county optional property tax refund program; amending the maximum refund under the property tax refund program; requiring audits; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Commercial driver license-hazardous materials endorsement.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; specifying that a driver who has attained eighteen (18) years of age may receive a hazardous materials endorsement for a commercial driver's license; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Fuel tax-licensee information deadline.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; amending the deadline for providing fuel tax return and license information when requested by the department of transportation; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Grace period-state land lease renewals.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; authorizing the director of the office of state lands and investments to grant state land lessees additional time to renew their leases; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State land lease amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; removing specific types of payments for land lease payments; amending the process for how state land lease payments are made; providing that state land lease renewals and rental payments are considered filed on the date the renewal or rental is postmarked; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming dairy marketing act-repeal.. Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture, livestock and other animals; repealing the Wyoming Dairy Marketing Act of 1971; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Flow-through pools-exemption.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; exempting flow-through pools from the public pool and spa health and safety act; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Prior authorization regulations.. Description: AN ACT relating to the insurance code; requiring health insurers and contracted utilization review entities to follow prior authorization regulations as specified; providing definitions; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Health insurance-reimbursement of overpayments.. Description: AN ACT relating to health insurance; specifying a time limit to seek reimbursement for health insurance overpayments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Sutton state archaeological site-legal description.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; removing an inconsistent legal description of the Sutton state archaeological site; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School finance-regional cost adjustment study.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; requiring reporting and data collection to study the regional cost adjustments utilized in the education resource block grant model during recalibration; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Charter school leasing.. Description: AN ACT relating to K-12 school facilities; repealing the requirement that charter schools operate successfully for three (3) years to receive reimbursement for leasing expenses; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Vehicle registration e-certificate and grace period.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; confirming the ability of county treasurers to provide vehicle certificates of registration in electronic form as specified; amending requirements for the display of vehicle registrations, license plates, validation stickers and permits as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Medicaid-third party payor conditions.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Wyoming Medical Assistance and Services Act; requiring health insurers to respond to state inquiries within sixty (60) days; prohibiting health insurers from denying Medicaid payments as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Emergency protective services-effective period.. Description: AN ACT relating to adult protective services; extending the effective period of emergency protective services; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: DFS and law enforcement-cross reporting.. Description: AN ACT relating to adult protective services; requiring law enforcement to notify the department of family services upon receiving a report of a vulnerable adult in need of potential protective services; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Cold case database and investigations.. Description: AN ACT relating to the attorney general; requiring the division of criminal investigation to develop and maintain a cold case database; requiring law enforcement agencies in the state to provide cold case information to the division as specified; requiring rulemaking; requiring a report; authorizing funds for cold case investigations; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Controlled Substances Act-possession amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to controlled substances; eliminating the form of a controlled substance as an element of the misdemeanor offense of unlawful possession of a controlled substance; amending prohibitions on the possession of controlled substances as specified; specifying and amending penalties based on the amount of controlled substances; repealing obsolete provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Peace officers-records and reporting.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; requiring personnel files of peace officers, detention officers, corrections officers and dispatchers to be available to the peace officer standards and training commission as specified; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Geologic sequestration-unitization amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to environmental quality; specifying that pore space utilization is a purpose of geologic sequestration unitization; providing definitions; amending permit types related to geologic sequestration; amending application requirements for the unitization of interests in pore space in a unit area; amending the findings required by the oil and gas conservation commission before entry of a unitization order; amending notice requirements for unitization applications; clarifying that a unitization order may provide for the use of directional wells; making conforming amendments; specifying applicability; requiring rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Mining operations-blasting requirements.. Description: AN ACT relating to environmental quality; specifying requirements for the use of explosives in noncoal surface mining operations; requiring a blasting plan for specified mining operations; requiring rulemaking; making conforming amendments; authorizing positions; providing an appropriation; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Solid waste municipal cease and transfer funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to the prioritization of municipal solid waste facilities cease and transfer projects; authorizing expenditure of previously appropriated funds; establishing a prioritized list of projects; establishing a maximum amount to be expended on projects; granting the department of environmental quality limited discretionary authority to modify the prioritized list; specifying expenditures for a carcass management project; providing definitions; requiring reports; repealing a prior list of priority cease and transfer projects; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Limitation on environmental rulemaking.. Description: AN ACT relating to environmental quality; requiring the environmental quality council to promulgate rules no more stringent than federal law, rules or regulations; providing exceptions; specifying applicability; requiring rulemaking; requiring reporting; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Natural Resource Protection Act.. Description: AN ACT relating to protection of constitutional rights; providing a declaration of authority and policy; prohibiting the enforcement of federal rules or regulations regarding federal land management as specified; providing an exception; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School district trustee oath of office.. Description: AN ACT relating to school district trustees; clarifying when school district trustees are required to take the oath of office; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State forestry good neighbor-positions.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; authorizing additional employees funded through the Wyoming state forestry good neighbor authority revolving account; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Property tax exemption-residential structures and land.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; establishing a property tax exemption for single family residential structures based on the prior year assessed value; establishing a property tax exemption for land associated with a single family residential structure based on the prior year assessed value; providing definitions; requiring information related to the tax exemption to be included on the tax assessment schedule and tax notice; providing rulemaking authority; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Chancery court-timeline for resolution of disputes.. Description: AN ACT relating to courts; amending the timeline for the effective and expeditious resolution of disputes filed in the chancery court; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming Reads Day.. Description: AN ACT relating to legal time and holidays; designating Wyoming Reads Day as a state recognized commemorative day to be observed as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Forensic genetic genealogy pilot program.. Description: AN ACT relating to law enforcement; establishing a pilot program for forensic genetic genealogical DNA analyses and searches as specified; providing grants; providing a sunset date; providing an appropriation; requiring rulemaking; and providing an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Fire prevention and electrical safety-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; modifying the distribution of fees collected for electrical inspections, licenses, work permits, examinations and apprentice registrations; clarifying local enforcement certification requirements for electrical inspectors; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Firefighter-cancer screening benefits.. Description: AN ACT relating to labor and employment; authorizing firefighters to receive annual cancer screenings under the Wyoming worker's compensation act; making conforming amendments; providing definitions; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Outdoor Recreation and Tourism Trust Fund Administration-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; providing for the administration of the Wyoming outdoor recreation and tourism trust fund; creating the Wyoming outdoor recreation and tourism trust fund income account; establishing new duties for the select natural resource funding committee; providing for the distribution of funds; requiring audits and reports; providing for rulemaking; providing  appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Local government distributions.. Description: AN ACT relating to local government funding; providing funding to cities and towns; providing funding to counties; providing local government funding formulas and distributions; providing legislative intent; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Broadband development subaccount-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to economic development; authorizing the use of broadband development subaccount funds as matching grant funds and for administrative expenses as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Worker's compensation-provision for adverse deviation.. Description: AN ACT relating to worker's compensation; authorizing consideration of specified investment earnings for determining rates under the worker's compensation program; conforming provisions for the actuarially reasonable provision for adverse deviation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Abandoned mine reclamation accounts.. Description: AN ACT relating to environmental quality; creating the long-term abandoned mine reclamation account; specifying permissible uses of the account; authorizing investment of funds in the account; specifying the limits of liability for funds in the account; repealing the abandoned mine lands fund balancing account; specifying transfers of funds from repealed accounts; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public health nursing-budget requests.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; providing a process for public health nursing employee compensation increases as specified to be included in the department of health's budget request; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Public property-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to public property and buildings; amending and creating provisions related to budgeting, expenditure of funds and reporting for capital construction projects, major maintenance and routine maintenance; conforming and repealing definitions; amending requirements for contracting for public works; specifying duties related to capital construction projects, major maintenance and routine maintenance for the state construction department, the state building commission, school districts, the board of trustees of the University of Wyoming and the community college commission; repealing major maintenance funding requirements; requiring reports; requiring rulemaking; specifying applicability; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Simple assault-menacing.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; amending simple assault to include menacing or threatening behavior; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public officer training-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to administration of the government; removing minimum fiscal training requirements for public officers; limiting the duration of training for public officers; authorizing public officers to complete training on personal time; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public retirement-actuarially determined contributions.. Description: AN ACT relating to public employee retirement; requiring the calculation and collection of employee and employer contributions for the public employee retirement plan to be based on an actuarially determined contribution rate; specifying procedures for the calculation of rates; requiring reports; removing obsolete language; making conforming amendments; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Vehicle lien-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to personal property liens; requiring any towing and recovery service to request title searches as specified; requiring the department of transportation to make reasonable efforts to identify vehicle owners and lienholders; requiring notice to lienholders; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Newborn child safe havens-age of child.. Description: AN ACT relating to children; amending the age of newborn children who may be relinquished to a safe haven provider; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Protection of parental rights.. Description: AN ACT relating to parental rights; specifying applicability of parental rights protections; specifying duties for school district boards of trustees; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Animal reimbursement program account amendments-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture, livestock and other animals; increasing the amount the Wyoming livestock board may reimburse for any single quarantine of livestock; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Omnibus water bill-planning.. Description: AN ACT relating to water development projects; authorizing specified level I and level II studies; providing appropriations; requiring reports; providing for the reversion of unexpended funds; authorizing unobligated funds to be used to complete other designated projects as specified; providing an appropriation for the office of water programs; transferring funds from the general fund to water development account I; clarifying authority of the Wyoming water development commission regarding Inflation Reduction Act funding for drought mitigation projects and regional conservation partnership program funding; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Sage grouse implementation-notice to landowners.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; specifying landowner notice and public comment requirements for the sage grouse implementation team; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Child care is a residential use of property.. Description: AN ACT relating to property; providing that day care is a residential use of property for the purposes of restrictive covenants; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Property tax deferral program-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to property taxes; providing that the property tax deferral program shall be administered by the department of revenue; revising the amount of taxes that can be deferred; revising the calculation of interest; making deferral of taxes contingent on the availability of funds; authorizing the department of revenue to defer lien priority; clarifying eligibility; modifying record keeping requirements; making conforming changes; requiring rulemaking; repealing a conflicting provision; providing an appropriation; specifying applicability; requiring a report; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State funds-pool A participation and fund limits.. Description: AN ACT relating to the investment of state funds; specifying a minimum size for new accounts added to the pool A investment account; removing specified accounts from participation in the pool A investment account; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State land oil and gas leases-operator requirement.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; specifying evaluation and review requirements before issuance of oil and gas leases on state lands; requiring rulemaking; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Open banking-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to banking; defining who is a customer for purposes of open banking; limiting the release of customer data through open banking as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Education savings accounts-1.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; authorizing education savings accounts; creating the Wyoming education savings accounts expenditure account; providing for a transfer of funds to the Wyoming education savings accounts expenditure account; providing for the use and administration of education savings accounts for education; specifying duties of the state superintendent of public instruction; providing rulemaking authority; making conforming amendments; providing appropriations; authorizing full-time positions; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Air Force 75th Anniversary.. Description: A JOINT RESOLUTION to recognize and congratulate the United States Air Force on the 75th anniversary of its founding.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Sales tax administration revisions.. Description: AN ACT relating to sales tax; revising provisions related to administration of the sales tax; clarifying a definition; clarifying the imposition of the tax; amending exemptions; revising reporting requirements; clarifying licensing and compliance provisions; repealing obsolete and other provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Acceptance of retrocession-federal military installations.. Description: AN ACT relating to defense forces and affairs; authorizing the governor to accept retrocession over military reservations and lands as specified; correcting obsolete references; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State fair board-powers and responsibilities.. Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture, livestock and other animals; authorizing the state fair board to make disbursements from its budget; authorizing the state fair board to make and execute contracts; removing the requirement that the director of the department of agriculture be the chairman of any subcommittee created to execute the annual state fair; allowing the director of the department of agriculture to assign a designee to serve on the state fair board; authorizing rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: General government appropriations-2.. Description: AN ACT to make appropriations for the fiscal biennium commencing July 1, 2024 and ending June 30, 2026; providing definitions; providing for appropriations and transfers of funds for the period of the budget and for the remainder of the current biennium ending June 30, 2024 as specified; providing for carryover of certain funds beyond the biennium as specified; providing for employee positions as specified; providing for duties, terms and conditions and other requirements relating to appropriations for the remainder of the current biennium ending June 30, 2024 and the period of the budget as specified; providing for position and other budgetary limitations; creating accounts; amending existing law by redefining terms related to school finance and redirecting revenues for the period of the budget; making conforming amendments; amending and repealing prior appropriations; increasing the state employer paid contribution for state employee retirement; providing for reports related to appropriations; continuing an account; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State employee leave for volunteer emergency services.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; providing state employees leave to serve as volunteer emergency response personnel; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Rehiring retired firefighters-continued retirement benefits.. Description: AN ACT relating to firemen pensions; allowing retired firefighters to be rehired while continuing to receive retirement benefits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Organ transplant recipient protection.. Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; prohibiting discrimination against organ transplant recipients by insurers as specified; providing definitions; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Nursing home administrators-temporary licenses.. Description: AN ACT relating to professions and occupations; authorizing the board of nursing home administrators to issue temporary licenses for nursing home administrators as specified; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Behavioral health redesign-vulnerable adults.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; including vulnerable adults within the behavioral health redesign; clarifying advanced age or a physical or mental disability does not establish a presumption of severe mental illness; providing a sunset date; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Health insurance for volunteer emergency responders.. Description: AN ACT relating to compensation and benefits; authorizing volunteer firefighters, volunteer emergency medical technicians and volunteer search and rescue persons to participate in the state employees' and officials' group insurance plan as specified; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Parental rights in education-1.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; specifying procedures and requirements for school districts to provide parents and guardians notice of information regarding students and the rights of parents and guardians to make decisions regarding their children; specifying that school districts cannot prohibit parental or guardian notifications and involvement in critical decisions involving students; specifying procedures for resolving parent or guardian concerns and complaints; specifying duties for school districts; requiring adoption of necessary policies, rules and procedures; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Meat processing plants-hides and carcasses.. Description: AN ACT relating to hides and carcasses; requiring hide buyers to keep records of hides or pelts purchased as specified; making a conforming amendment; repealing existing provisions relating to the inspection of hides; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Plane coordinates system-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the plane coordinates system; updating the plane coordinates system for Wyoming; providing for the use of other datums, systems and networks for the system; providing definitions; making conforming amendments; repealing provisions related to obsolete coordinate standards; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Indian child welfare act-safe haven amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to children; amending the safe haven statutes to require compliance with the Wyoming Indian Child Welfare Act as specified; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Developmental preschool funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to developmental preschool funding; modifying the per child amounts used to calculate payments to service providers; modifying requirements for the department of health's budget request for developmental preschool services as specified; modifying the date utilized to count the number of children that participate in the program; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Electricity rates for costs that do not benefit Wyoming.. Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; specifying that costs of interstate electric public utilities that do not benefit Wyoming ratepayers shall be excluded from costs apportioned to Wyoming; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public utilities-net power cost sharing ratio.. Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; specifying the sharing of electric supply costs between a public utility and its customers in specified cost-tracking mechanisms; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public service commission-electricity reliability.. Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; requiring the public service commission to establish standards related to electricity reliability; specifying that failing to comply with standards is subject to penalties; providing that the public service commission shall not allow for rate recovery for new or modified facilities that are likely to result in failure to comply with reliability standards; specifying that public utilities may enter into individualized energy contracts and may utilize customer-specific energy portfolios; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public utilities-energy resource procurement.. Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; establishing a solicitation process for specified electrical utilities acquiring or constructing significant energy resources; providing a waiver process; providing for the use of independent evaluators; providing rulemaking authority; authorizing a full time position; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public service commission-integrated resource plans.. Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; providing for the review of integrated resource plan action plans by the public service commission; providing rulemaking authority; authorizing a position; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Special district vacancies.. Description: AN ACT relating to special districts; clarifying the term of office for members of a special district governing body that filled a vacancy; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Special districts bond elections exception.. Description: AN ACT relating to special districts; providing an exception to special district bond elections for improvement and service districts and water and sewer districts as specified; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Influencing jurors and witnesses-judges amendment.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; clarifying that judges are covered under the offense of influencing, intimidating or impeding jurors, witnesses and officers; amending the penalty for intimidating or impeding jurors, judges, witnesses and officers; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Hemp-limitations on psychoactive substances.. Description: AN ACT relating to hemp production and controlled substances; prohibiting the addition of synthetic substances or other additives to hemp; prohibiting the sale of hemp with THC or psychoactive substances as specified; providing and amending definitions; including naturally occurring THC as a scheduled substance in the Controlled Substances Act; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Sex offender registration-registerable offenses.. Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; inserting and amending offenses for which convicted offenders must register as a sex offender; repealing a definition associated with sex offender registration; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public records-DOC investigations.. Description: AN ACT relating to public records; applying the investigatory records disclosure exception to department of corrections records as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Uniform Child Abduction Prevention Act.. Description: AN ACT relating to domestic relations; adopting the Uniform Child Abduction Prevention Act; authorizing a district court to order child abduction prevention measures when the evidence establishes a credible risk of abduction; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Indian child welfare act-delinquency amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to domestic relations; providing that the Wyoming Indian Child Welfare Act does not apply to delinquency petitions; repealing a provision; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Financial reporting amendments-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to financial reporting to the department of audit; amending enforcement of financial reporting requirements through limiting disbursement of certain tax revenues; clarifying good cause for extending reporting deadline; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Banking division-classification and salary exemptions.. Description: AN ACT relating to banks, banking and finance; generally exempting employees of the division of banking from state personnel classification and compensation provisions; requiring the state banking commissioner with the approval of the governor to establish personnel classifications and salaries for positions within the division of banking as specified; requiring reports; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Low-carbon reliable energy standards-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; amending requirements and deadlines for low-carbon energy generation standards; amending reporting requirements for meeting the low-carbon energy standards; amending rate recovery mechanisms associated with low-carbon energy standards; requiring rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Vulnerable adults-civil cause of action-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to adult protective services; providing a civil cause of action for the exploitation of vulnerable adults as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Law enforcement retirement-contributions.. Description: AN ACT relating to compensation and benefits; increasing employee and employer contributions for law enforcement officers under the Wyoming Retirement Act; providing a monthly death benefit for officers killed in the line of duty; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Patrol, warden and investigator retirement-contributions.. Description: AN ACT relating to compensation and benefits; increasing employee contributions under the Wyoming State Highway Patrol, Game and Fish Warden and Criminal Investigator Retirement Act; striking archaic provisions; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Judicial retirement program-contributions.. Description: AN ACT relating to compensation and benefits; increasing the employee contribution required for employees under the Wyoming Judicial Retirement Act; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Unincorporated nonprofit DAO's.. Description: AN ACT relating to corporations, partnerships and associations; providing for the formation and management of decentralized unincorporated nonprofit associations; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming Stable Token Act-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to trade and commerce; amending the Wyoming Stable Token Act to allow for investments in cash and government securities as specified; authorizing the Wyoming stable token commission to issue different types and amounts of stable tokens and to contract with financial service providers; requiring reporting only for fully reserved stable tokens as specified; providing for a competitive bidding and procurement process; making conforming amendments to criminal history records statutes; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Sixth judicial district-number of judges.. Description: AN ACT relating to the judiciary; providing for an additional district judge for the sixth judicial district; specifying requirements for suitable facilities; providing an appropriation; authorizing positions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Board of equalization-questions before the board.. Description: AN ACT relating to the state board of equalization; specifying the power of the board to decide questions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming adult hearing aid program.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; creating a hearing aid program for hearing impaired adults as specified; requiring rulemaking; providing appropriations; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Investment of state unemployment insurance trust fund.. Description: AN ACT relating to unemployment compensation funds; providing for the investment of the state unemployment insurance trust fund as specified; amending procedures related to the payment of benefits; amending the distribution of investment earnings; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Federal unemployment compensation trust fund-adjustment.. Description: AN ACT relating to unemployment compensation; amending the distribution of contributions collected for noncharged and ineffectively charged unemployment benefits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: 2024 large project funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Wyoming Wildlife and Natural Resource Funding Act; providing for funding of large projects under the act; specifying large projects approved for funding in 2024; specifying conditions for large project funding; authorizing distributions from the Wyoming wildlife and natural resource trust income account for approved large projects; providing for the reversion of funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Water exchange amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to water; clarifying that water rights are not lost in an exchange as specified; clarifying the applicable source of water in an exchange; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Hospice care reimbursements.. Description: AN ACT relating to welfare; increasing the Medicaid reimbursement rate for hospice care as specified; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Investment modernization-state nonpermanent funds-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds; amending specified statutory funds to remove their inviolate status in order to enhance their investment potential; establishing spending policies for specified statutory funds; providing for the investment of specified statutory funds; redirecting the deposit of investment earnings into the corpuses of specified statutory funds; removing specified statutory funds from the pool A investment account; making conforming amendments; repealing inconsistent statutory provisions; repealing obsolete statutory provisions; providing for the treatment of prior deposits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Concealed firearms-permit eligibility.. Description: AN ACT relating to weapons; amending the eligibility requirements for a person to receive a permit to carry a concealed firearm as specified; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Special districts-reversal of dissolution for noncompliance.. Description: AN ACT relating to special districts; providing a process by which special districts required to dissolve for audit report noncompliance may reinstate the special district or cease the dissolution; specifying requirements for reinstatement; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Omnibus water bill-construction.. Description: AN ACT relating to water development projects; authorizing construction of designated water projects; describing projects; specifying terms and conditions of funding for projects; providing grants; providing appropriations; amending the sponsor's contingency fund; amending amounts and terms of appropriations for specified prior projects; repealing the sunset for the small water projects program; transferring funds from water development account I to water development account II; transferring funds from the general fund to water development accounts I and II; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Homeland defense-infrastructure reporting and investigating.. Description: AN ACT relating to homeland security; requiring county clerks to report conveyances and property transactions to the office of homeland security and the division of criminal investigation as specified; requiring the designation of critical infrastructure zones; authorizing the office of homeland security and the division of criminal investigation to investigate land transactions that threaten critical infrastructure; requiring the division of criminal investigation to investigate homeland security incidents; providing definitions; making conforming amendments; providing an appropriation; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Malt beverage franchise agreements.. Description: AN ACT relating to malt beverages; providing a process for specified malt beverage manufacturers to terminate franchise agreements with malt beverage distributors without cause; providing for compensation to the distributor; providing for arbitration; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Solid waste management-definition amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to environmental quality; amending the definitions of solid waste and solid waste management facility; providing definitions of advanced recycling and advanced recycling facilities; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Hospital or healthcare district created entities-immunity.. Description: AN ACT relating to civil procedure; providing that entities formed by county memorial hospitals and other healthcare districts that are wholly owned by governmental entities are subject to the Wyoming Governmental Claims Act; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Revisor's bill.. Description: AN ACT relating to the revision of statutes and other legislative enactments; correcting statutory references and language resulting from inadvertent errors and omissions in previously adopted legislation; amending obsolete references; repealing an obsolete provision; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School safety and security-funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; creating the firearms on school property account; providing for reimbursement to school districts for costs related to possession of firearms on school property; authorizing rulemaking; providing a continuous appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Veterans ad valorem exemption-amount.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; increasing the amount of exemption for veterans for ad valorem taxation; requiring rulemaking; specifying applicability; providing an appropriation; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State-managed local government equity investment pool.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds; authorizing the establishment of a local government investment equities pool; authorizing the investment of local government funds in equities; specifying duties for the state treasurer and state treasurer's office; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Trusts and bank assets in bankruptcy-clarification.. Description: AN ACT relating to banks, banking and finance; specifying when certain accounts shall not be deemed assets or liabilities of financial institutions for purposes of receivership, conservatorship or bankruptcy; amending requirements for banks providing custodial or fiduciary services for digital assets; providing definitions; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Children gender change prohibition.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; prohibiting physicians from performing procedures for children related to gender transitioning and gender reassignment; providing an exception; providing that gender transitioning and reassignment procedures are grounds for suspension or revocation of a physician's or health care provider's license; providing definitions; specifying applicability; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Prompt payment of insurance claims.. Description: AN ACT relating to the insurance code; providing regulations for payment of claims from insurers or the insurer's intermediary to pharmacies; providing definitions; requiring rulemaking; providing applicability; and providing for effective dates.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming Second Amendment Financial Privacy Act.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; prohibiting disclosure or use of protected information relating to firearms and ammunition sales as specified; providing exceptions; providing requirements for disclosure; authorizing civil actions; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: E-cigarette and vapor material directory.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; requiring manufacturers of electronic cigarettes and vapor material to file certifications as specified; creating a product directory; prohibiting the sale of electronic cigarettes and vapor material that are not included in the product directory; providing penalties; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; requiring reports; making an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Prohibit Red Flag Gun Seizure Act.. Description: AN ACT relating to the protection of constitutional rights; prohibiting the implementation or enforcement of a red flag gun seizure; preempting local law; providing definitions; providing for a civil action; providing a penalty; waiving sovereign immunity; authorizing attorney's fees; authorizing the attorney general to initiate a civil action; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Mule and whitetail deer-separate hunting seasons.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; requiring separate hunting licenses and seasons for mule deer and whitetail deer; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Light and high profile vehicle closures-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to highways; creating a penalty for violating signs and markers for closures to light and high profile vehicles and other weight based closures; requiring fines imposed to be paid by the driver of the vehicle at the time of the violation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Contractor licenses-reciprocal recognition requirements.. Description: AN ACT relating to city, county, state and local powers; requiring local governments to recognize and grant reciprocity to contractor licenses issued by a Wyoming county, city or town; specifying conditions for reciprocity; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Behavioral health redesign amendments-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; requiring the department of health to pay behavioral health services claims as specified; requiring the department of health to collect information regarding payment of behavioral health services claims; requiring a report; amending definitions; providing a sunset date; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Bighorn and domestic sheep relocation-federal action.. Description: AN ACT relating to wildlife and livestock; providing legislative findings; requiring the game and fish department to relocate or remove bighorn sheep from the Sweetwater Rocks herd unit in response to specified federal action; providing for the reimbursement of costs for relocation or removal of bighorn sheep; requiring and authorizing attorney general action as specified; amending the duties of the wildlife/livestock research partnership board; providing appropriations; and providing for a delayed effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Minor name changes.. Description: AN ACT relating to the code of civil procedure; authorizing natural or adoptive parents or legal guardians to change a minor child's name without giving public notice of the name change; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Pari-mutuel wagering activities-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to gaming; specifying persons involved in horse racing and pari-mutuel wagering activities who shall be subject to criminal background checks; specifying rulemaking requirements for the Wyoming gaming commission; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: American rescue plan act appropriations-amendments-4.. Description: AN ACT relating to the emergency expenses of government; providing definitions; providing appropriations; amending and repealing prior appropriations of COVID-19 relief funds; specifying conditions on the appropriation and expenditure of COVID-19 relief funds; amending prior conditions on the reduction and prioritization of COVID-19 relief funds; providing for the reversion of unexpended and unobligated funds; authorizing emergency government programs; authorizing rulemaking; requiring reporting; specifying applicability; providing for priority of appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Town officers-salary waiver.. Description: AN ACT relating to cities and towns; providing that elected and appointed officers may elect not to receive a salary or compensation while serving as elected or appointed officers; providing legislative intent; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Medicaid twelve month postpartum coverage.. Description: AN ACT relating to medical assistance and services; temporarily extending Medicaid medical assistance to qualifying pregnant women for twelve (12) months postpartum; making a conforming amendment; providing an appropriation; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Voter registry list-voter ID and absentee ballots.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; amending the definition of registry list to include voter identification numbers, absentee ballot status and registration dates; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Underage marriage-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to domestic relations; amending the minimum marriageable age; specifying that marriages involving persons under age sixteen (16) are void; making conforming amendments; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Juvenile courts-concurrent jurisdiction clarification.. Description: AN ACT relating to juveniles; clarifying that the juvenile court has concurrent jurisdiction over Juvenile Justice Act proceedings involving persons under the age of 21 who are alleged to have committed offenses or delinquent acts as minors; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: County officers-bond amounts and surety requirement.. Description: AN ACT relating to county officers; increasing the amount of the bond that county officers are required to give as specified; eliminating a requirement for multiple sureties for county officers; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State park rangers-retirement.. Description: AN ACT relating to retirement; providing for full-time state park ranger participation in the law enforcement plan under the Wyoming Retirement Act; making conforming amendments; authorizing election by current full-time state park rangers; specifying implementation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Presumptive child support amounts-updated tables.. Description: AN ACT relating to child support; amending the presumptive child support amounts; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Office of guardian ad litem-program references.. Description: AN ACT relating to children; clarifying the duties, powers, and authority of the office of guardian ad litem by amending references from the guardian ad litem program to the office of guardian ad litem; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Civil case filing fees-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to courts; increasing the original filing fee required for commencing or filing civil matters in district court; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: County authority to dissolve museum boards-clarification.. Description: AN ACT relating to counties; clarifying that boards of county commissioners do not have authority to dissolve archaeological, geological and historical museums under their general authority to dissolve county-created boards and commissions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State land leasing-improvements.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; increasing the monetary threshold for improvements to leased state lands that do not require permission of the director of the office of state lands; replacing the standard to determine payment for the use and benefit of improvements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State lands-grazing of non-owned livestock.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; providing for lessees of state lands to graze livestock they do not own, but for which they retain management responsibility, on leased lands without obtaining permission from the director of the office of state lands and investments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Missing person alert systems.. Description: AN ACT relating to missing person alert systems; amending duties for the office of homeland security and highway patrol for emergency alert communications networks; amending state cooperation with federal, tribal and local law enforcement for alert systems; providing a definition; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State Indian Child Welfare Act Task Force.. Description: AN ACT relating to children; creating the state Indian Child Welfare Act task force; specifying members and duties of the task force; requiring a report; providing a termination date for the task force; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Land exchanges-notice.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; requiring notice and opportunity to comment before completing an exchange; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State lands-use of land qualification requirements.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; requiring an applicant to have actual and necessary use of state lands to be qualified to lease state lands; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State land lease deficiencies-cure process.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; providing for notification of noncompliance in a state land lease renewal; providing opportunities for compliance; conforming time frames for lessee compliance; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State investments-compensation and relocation amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; amending performance compensation payment limits for senior analysts and analysts employed by the state treasurer and the Wyoming retirement system; authorizing relocation expenses for investment staff hired by the state treasurer and the Wyoming retirement system; establishing maximum compensation amounts for investment staff employed by the state treasurer and the Wyoming retirement system; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School facilities-appropriations.. Description: AN ACT relating to appropriations for K-12 school facilities; modifying the required budget recommendation from the select committee on school facilities; clarifying the legislature's ability to appropriate one (1) sum for design and construction for each project; clarifying reporting requirements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School facilities-consolidated remediation schedule.. Description: AN ACT relating to the consolidated school facility remediation schedule for public schools; eliminating the consolidated remediation index and associated rulemaking authority; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Community college capital construction.. Description: AN ACT relating to the duties of the Wyoming community college commission; increasing the minimum estimated cost of community college capital construction projects which require approval of the community college commission; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Community college funding-distance education credit hours.. Description: AN ACT relating to community college funding; modifying the definition of distance education for community colleges; eliminating the full-time weighted equivalency for distance education class credit hours for calculations in the community college funding allocation model; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: BOCES as local education agencies.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; authorizing a board of cooperative educational services to act as a local education agency for the purpose of applying for and receiving state and federal grants; authorizing rulemaking; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School finance-career technical education grants.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; establishing competitive grants for public schools to purchase career and technical education supplies, materials and equipment; requiring rulemaking; requiring reporting; making conforming amendments; appropriating funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Day-care certification requirement amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to child care facilities; providing an exception to child care facility certification for specified part-time day-care facilities; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming national guard member referral.. Description: AN ACT relating to defense forces and affairs; creating the Wyoming national guard member referral incentive program; authorizing monetary incentive bonus payments as specified; providing definitions; requiring an annual report; providing a sunset date for the program; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Verifying the veteran designation on a WY driver's license.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; authorizing the department of transportation to accept specified documentation to verify honorable discharge of a veteran for the veteran designation on a Wyoming driver's license; amending the veteran designation on a Wyoming driver's license; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Lightweight trailers-permanent registration.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; providing for the permanent registration of specified trailers; providing a fee exemption for permanently registered trailers; specifying requirements upon transfer of ownership; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Off-road recreational vehicle operation.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; specifying requirements for operating an off-road recreational vehicle near an interstate; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Road and bridge construction-alternative contracting.. Description: AN ACT relating to highways; providing for the transportation commission to use alternate contracting methods as specified; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Peace officer retirement and rehiring.. Description: AN ACT relating to administration of the government; allowing rehiring of persons who have retired under the Wyoming State Highway Patrol, Game and Fish Warden and Criminal Investigator Retirement Act; repealing the mandatory retirement age under the Wyoming State Highway Patrol, Game and Fish Warden and Criminal Investigator Retirement Act; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Election equipment-federal certification.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; codifying the secretary of state's rules for certification of electronic voting systems; providing a definition of vendor; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Solid waste cease and transfer program funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to the prioritization of municipal solid waste facilities cease and transfer projects; authorizing expenditure of previously appropriated funds; establishing a prioritized list of projects; establishing a maximum amount to be expended on projects; granting the department of environmental quality limited discretionary authority to modify the prioritized list; specifying expenditures for a carcass management project; providing definitions; requiring reports; repealing a prior list of priority cease and transfer projects; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Legislator constituent service allowance.. Description: AN ACT relating to the legislature; increasing the quarterly legislator constituent service allowance; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Revisor's bill.. Description: AN ACT relating to the revision of statutes and other legislative enactments; correcting statutory references and language resulting from inadvertent errors and omissions in previously adopted legislation; amending obsolete references; repealing obsolete provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Purple star schools.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; providing for the designation of purple star schools that take specific actions to assist military connected students; specifying requirements for purple star schools; providing rulemaking authority; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Armed forces-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to defense forces and affairs; adopting uniform definitions of armed forces and uniformed services to align with federal law; expanding uniformed service members entitled to participate in programs under state law; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming national guard tuition benefits.. Description: AN ACT relating to defense forces and affairs; extending existing educational assistance benefits for Wyoming national guard members in exchange for additional service commitments; allowing transfer of educational assistance benefits to spouses and dependents; correcting terminology; providing appropriations; authorizing a full-time position; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Source material associated with mining-agreement.. Description: AN ACT relating to environmental quality; authorizing the governor to begin negotiations with the nuclear regulatory commission to seek an agreement for the state to assume regulation of source material recovered from any mineral resources processed primarily for purposes other than obtaining the source material content; authorizing the governor to negotiate and enter into a final agreement with the nuclear regulatory commission; providing definitions; providing for the department of environmental quality to administer the agreement; providing rulemaking authority; requiring the department of environmental quality to adopt fees as specified; making conforming amendments; providing an appropriation; authorizing positions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Open banking.. Description: AN ACT relating to banking; authorizing state chartered banks to participate in open banking as specified; providing definitions; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Legislative stabilization reserve account-obligations.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds; amending or eliminating unnecessary or obsolete borrowing authority or guarantees from the legislative stabilization reserve account as specified; repealing interfund loan authority for the unemployment compensation fund; repealing borrowing authority for the department of administration and information for purposes of school districts joining the state employees' and officials' group insurance plan; amending the source and amount of loans for the department of transportation as specified; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: 988 suicide prevention.. Description: AN ACT relating to suicide prevention; establishing the 988 system for suicide prevention and mental health crises; providing requirements for the 988 system; establishing duties of the department of health; providing rulemaking authority; providing for an advisory board; establishing the 988 trust fund and a related reserve account; providing for allocation of funds within and between the accounts; specifying immunity for telecommunications providers; specifying confidentiality of information; providing for implementation of the act; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Special license plate decals-women veterans.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; providing for a decal designating a woman veteran to attach to a veteran's special license plate; making clarifying amendments; providing for a decal fee; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Coal-fired facility closures litigation funding-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; continuing the coal-fired facility closures litigation funding account; amending permissible purposes and uses for the coal-fired facility closures litigation funding account for commencing and prosecuting lawsuits against states relating to coal exportation and coal-fired electric generation facilities; making conforming amendments; requiring reports; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Definition of home-based educational program.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; modifying the definition of home-based educational program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming outdoor recreation and tourism trust fund.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; creating a Wyoming outdoor recreation and tourism trust fund account; providing funding for the trust account; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Licensing boards amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to professions and occupations; removing a requirement that examinations for cosmetology and related licensure be conducted by the state board of cosmetology; reducing the number of practice years required for a license to practice veterinary medicine without an examination; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Voter I.D. requirements.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; providing that a concealed carry permit is acceptable identification for purposes of in-person voter identification requirements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Hospital supplemental payments-statutory fix.. Description: AN ACT relating to medical assistance and services; amending the Wyoming private hospital assessment act to include healthcare providers affiliated with a hospital and psychiatric residential treatment facilities; increasing permissible administrative fee amounts; increasing assessment amounts; authorizing the department of health to modify payment or qualification provisions as specified; authorizing the department of health to negotiate with the United States department of health and human services as specified; making conforming amendments; providing appropriations; authorizing an additional position; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Defendant mental illness examinations-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; specifying that orders for examination of mentally ill criminal defendants charged with misdemeanors shall not occur at the state hospital on an inpatient basis; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Tribal agreements to hunt and fish.. Description: AN ACT relating to  game and fish; authorizing the governor to negotiate and enter into agreements with tribes concerning hunting, fishing, trapping and gathering rights claims as specified; providing for a report; providing rulemaking authority; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Disclosure of private cryptographic keys.. Description: AN ACT relating to digital assets; prohibiting the compelled production of a private key that relates to a digital asset, digital identity or other interest or right except as specified; providing a definition; repealing a definition; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State investment returns-adequate reserve funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to the investment of state funds; authorizing specified state permanent fund reserve accounts to maintain larger balances for the benefit of state investment strategies; providing that balances in specified reserve accounts are intended to be inviolate; removing encumbrances on specified reserve accounts; defining legislative intent for future appropriations and budget requests; providing legislative findings; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Omnibus water bill-construction.. Description: AN ACT relating to water development projects; authorizing construction of designated water projects; describing projects; specifying terms and conditions of funding for projects; providing grants; providing appropriations; amending the sponsor's contingency fund; amending amounts and terms of appropriations for specified prior projects; transferring funds from water development account I to water development account II; transferring funds from the general fund to water development account III; clarifying fund limits to the emergency water projects account; repealing obsolete provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Transfer on death deed-insurance coverage.. Description: AN ACT relating to insurance and probate; requiring the extension of insurance coverage applicable to a property under a transfer on death deed as specified; requiring notice and coverage for a grace period before termination of insurance coverage; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Chancery court jurisdiction amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to civil procedure; amending the jurisdiction for lawsuits related to government contracts filed under the Wyoming Governmental Claims Act to include the chancery court as specified; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Property tax refund program.. Description: AN ACT relating to property tax; amending qualifications for the property tax refund program; amending qualifications for the county optional property tax refund program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Acquisition value study.. Description: AN ACT relating to property tax; requiring a study on the changes necessary to convert the property tax system to a system based on the acquisition value of the property; requiring a report; requiring the joint revenue interim committee to review the report; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Uniform trust code-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to trusts; amending default and mandatory rules for trusts; amending provisions related to the duty of loyalty of trustees; amending who can modify or terminate a trust as specified; amending applicability of provisions as specified; amending definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Political party affiliation declaration and changes.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; revising provisions relating to political party affiliation changes and declarations by electors; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Hunting of predatory animals-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; allowing for the use of artificial light including thermal or infrared imaging or other imaging outside the normal visible light spectrum while hunting predatory animals at night; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Sale of THC vaping devices and edibles to minors-prohibited.. Description: AN ACT relating to children; prohibiting the sale of edible products and vaping products containing tetrahydrocannabinol to persons under eighteen (18) years of age; providing definitions; specifying penalties, exceptions and affirmative defenses; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Endangering children-fentanyl.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; adding fentanyl to the list of controlled substances that qualify as a child endangerment offense; clarifying the applicability of provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Theft-penalty for fifth or subsequent offense.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; establishing separate felony penalties for fifth or subsequent theft offenses; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Volunteer firefighter pension-funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to the volunteer firefighter, EMT and search and rescue pension account; specifying distribution of fire insurance premium taxes to the account; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Collection of antler or horns by residents and nonresidents.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; requiring the game and fish commission to promulgate rules to establish seasons for the collection of antlers and horns; specifying the start of horn and antler collection seasons for residents and nonresidents; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Health care facilities and clergy.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; requiring health care facilities to allow clergy members to visit health care facilities as specified; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Voyeurism within enclosed spaces.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; specifying that the offense of voyeurism may be committed by looking within an area where the person being viewed has a reasonable expectation of privacy; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Alcohol sales to licensees.. Description: AN ACT relating to alcohol; specifying that a licensee may purchase alcoholic beverages from a retail licensee or a manufacturer; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Mental Health care Access-Collaborative Care Model.. Description: AN ACT relating to health insurance; specifying reimbursement requirements for mental health and substance use disorder benefits as specified; providing definitions; requiring rulemaking; specifying applicability; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Notice of annexation.. Description: AN ACT relating to cities and towns; requiring notice to specified landowners prior to the annexation of territory; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Senior citizen district programs and services.. Description: AN ACT relating to senior citizen service districts; specifying how senior citizen service revenues may be expended; specifying requirements for the provision of services and programs; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Disclosure of sensitive information-law enforcement.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; allowing the office of homeland security to access criminal identification and intelligence information as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Voter identification requirements.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; requiring that acceptable voter identification be presented for a voter to obtain an absentee ballot in person; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Unlawful trespass signage-taking of wildlife.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; amending the crime of interference with lawful taking of wildlife; prohibiting acts that restrict access to or use of state or federal land as specified; providing an exception; specifying applicability; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Airport liquor licenses-amendment.. Description: AN ACT relating to alcoholic beverages; specifying where alcoholic beverages may be sold under a retail liquor license in a commercial airport; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Life is a Human Right Act.. Description: AN ACT relating to abortion; creating the Life is a Human Right Act; providing findings and purposes; prohibiting abortion; specifying criminal and regulatory penalties and civil remedies; providing exceptions; specifying applicability and severability; making conforming amendments; renumbering current provisions on abortion; repealing and removing obsolete or conflicting provisions; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Drivers license veterans designation replacing DD form 214.. Description: AN ACT relating to defense forces and affairs; authorizing veterans to present their driver's licenses or identification cards as proof of their veteran status as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Living organ donor protection.. Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; prohibiting discrimination against living organ donors by certain insurers; providing definitions; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State land leases.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; providing that thirty (30) days notice shall be given before the lease of state lands; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Homestead exemption-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the code of civil procedure; increasing the limit on the value of the homestead applicable to the homestead exemption; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Excused absence-state fair events.. Description: AN ACT relating to student attendance; modifying the duties of local boards of trustees; modifying excused absences for events associated with the state fair; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Brucellosis testing-notification requirements.. Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture, livestock and other animals; requiring the Wyoming livestock board to establish a communication protocol to provide information related to brucellosis testing; requiring the state veterinarian to provide information to livestock owners regarding brucellosis testing; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Online sports wagering-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to gaming; requiring permitting and licensure for online sports wagering as specified; specifying fees; specifying persons subject to criminal background checks for online sports wagering; specifying limitations and procedures on revenue calculation for purposes of remitting online sports wagering revenue to the gaming commission; amending requirements for application review for online sports wagering permits and licenses; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Local government distributions-revisions.. Description: AN ACT relating to local government funding; increasing a prior appropriation; making conforming changes to the related formulas; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wolf depredation compensation.. Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture; recreating a gray wolf depredation compensation program; imposing additional duties on the department of agriculture; requiring rulemaking; providing for termination of the program as specified; providing an appropriation; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: License plate decal-breast cancer awareness.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; providing for a decal designating breast cancer awareness to attach to a license plate; providing for a decal fee; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Nonresident hunting licenses-application fees.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; modifying the provisions of elk, deer, antelope, bighorn sheep, mountain goat, moose, grizzly bear and wild bison hunting licenses issued to nonresident applicants; increasing nonresident license fees to hunt elk, deer, antelope, bighorn sheep, mountain goat, moose, grizzly bear and wild bison; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: School foundation program reserve account-investments.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; authorizing the investment of the school foundation program reserve account in equities; amending the deposit of investment earnings into the account; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Hathaway scholarship accounts-transfer timing.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; amending the date of transfers from the Hathaway scholarship expenditure account to the Hathaway student scholarship reserve account; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Energy production inventory exemption.. Description: AN ACT relating to ad valorem taxation; providing an exemption for the storage of energy production equipment before installation in this state; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Colorado river advisory committee.. Description: AN ACT relating to water; creating a Wyoming Colorado River advisory committee; establishing the purpose and duties of the committee; providing duties of the state engineer; authorizing a position; providing an appropriation; requiring a report; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Electronic payment of sales and use taxes.. Description: AN ACT relating to sales and use taxes; clarifying that the department of revenue and county treasurers may collect sales and use taxes electronically; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Vehicle idling-decriminalization.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; repealing requirements on leaving a motor vehicle unattended; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Improvement and service districts-limitations.. Description: AN ACT relating to improvement and service districts; providing a limitation on the imposition of fees, charges, mill levies, taxes and other assessments by improvement and service districts; providing exceptions; providing a limitation on the imposition of rules, regulations and procedures by improvement and service districts; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Shed antlers and horns conservation stamp.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; providing that any shed antlers and horns on state or public land are the property of the state; requiring nonresidents to obtain a conservation stamp to collect shed antlers and horns on state or public land; providing exceptions specifying fees; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Collection agency regulation-debt buyers.. Description: AN ACT relating to collection agencies; specifying that debt buyers are collection agencies for purposes of regulation; making conforming amendments; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: ETS consolidation.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; consolidating the department of enterprise technology services and the duties of the state chief information officer into the department of administration and information; making conforming amendments; providing applicability; transferring employees; transferring appropriations; providing rulemaking authority; requiring reports; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: General government appropriations-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to supplemental appropriations for the operation of state government for the fiscal biennium commencing July 1, 2022 and ending June 30, 2024; providing definitions; providing for additional appropriations and transfers of funds for the period of the budget; increasing or decreasing specified amounts; adjusting the number of positions; modifying prior appropriations; providing for duties, terms and conditions and other requirements relating to appropriations for the period of the budget as specified; providing for position and other budgetary limitations; amending existing law by redirecting revenues and making transfers for the period of the budget; providing for carryover of funds beyond the fiscal biennium; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming telecommunications act-sunset date.. Description: AN ACT relating to telecommunications; extending the sunset date of the Wyoming Telecommunications Act; making conforming changes; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: North American Industry Classification System amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to worker's compensation; amending the extrahazardous industries codes to conform with changes to the North American Industry Classification System manual; repealing a related law; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Medical malpractice statutory update.. Description: AN ACT relating to the insurance code; granting the insurance commissioner discretion to require reporting of medical malpractice claims; specifying the amount of notice to be given to insurers when reports are required; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Insurance rebating modernization.. Description: AN ACT relating to the insurance code; authorizing specified insurance rebates; clarifying language in the unfair insurance discrimination and insurance rebate statutes; authorizing rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Definition of opiate antagonist-amendment.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; amending the definition of opiate antagonist under the Emergency Administration of Opiate Antagonist Act; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Essential subsidy payments to behavioral health centers.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; providing that the department of health may make essential subsidy payments to behavior health centers based on service needs; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Medicaid coverage-licensed pharmacists.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Medical Assistance and Services Act; authorizing payment for services rendered by a licensed pharmacist under the Medical Assistance and Services Act; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Licensed professional counselor compact.. Description: AN ACT relating to professions and occupations; entering into a compact with other states to allow licensed professional counselors licensed in one compact state to exercise a multistate licensure privilege in other states that are party to the compact; retaining authority to license counselors only in Wyoming; approving and specifying terms of the compact; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Cancer early detection amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; amending eligibility requirements and the reimbursement system for the Wyoming colorectal cancer early detection and prevention program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Bar and grill liquor license phaseout.. Description: AN ACT relating to alcoholic beverages; amending bar and grill liquor license requirements; specifying sunset dates for bar and grill license population formulas; providing for rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming national guard professional malpractice liability.. Description: AN ACT relating to Wyoming national guard; extending Wyoming national guard malpractice indemnity to other professionals serving as members of the Wyoming national guard; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Military leave for state employees.. Description: AN ACT relating to defense forces and affairs; striking the one-year employment requirement for a leave of absence for military duty for state employees; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State employee-moving expenses.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of the government; authorizing payment of moving expenses for state officers and employees; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Off-road recreational vehicles-safety and insurance.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; requiring specified insurance and safety equipment for off-road recreational vehicles when operated on a public road right-of-way, street, road or highway; providing an exception; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Benefits for spouses of law enforcement members.. Description: AN ACT relating to administration of the government; amending death benefits for the law enforcement retirement plan and the state highway patrol, game and fish warden and criminal investigator retirement plan; conforming provisions; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Driver's license and ID card photo quality.. Description: AN ACT relating to driver's licenses and identification cards; striking the requirement for the photograph on the driver's license and identification card to be in color; authorizing rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: High occupancy vehicle lanes.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; authorizing the director of the department of transportation or a local authority to designate a high occupancy vehicle lane; providing exemptions from high occupancy vehicle lane requirements; defining terms; specifying a penalty; requiring rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Support for Taiwan.. Description: A JOINT RESOLUTION in support of Taiwan.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Treatment courts-transfer to judicial branch.. Description: AN ACT relating to courts; transferring responsibility and oversight of the court supervised treatment programs from the department of health to the Wyoming supreme court; specifying terms and conditions of the transfer; amending application approval and expense requirements for treatment programs; making conforming amendments; renumbering provisions; requiring reports; providing for rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Financial exploitation of vulnerable adults.. Description: AN ACT relating to banks, banking and finance; requiring financial institutions to report financial exploitation of vulnerable adults as specified; authorizing discretionary reporting of suspected financial exploitation of vulnerable adults to third parties; allowing temporary holds on transactions; providing immunity; requiring disclosure of financial records; providing definitions; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: District and prosecuting attorneys-bar license requirement.. Description: AN ACT relating to district and county and prosecuting attorneys; requiring each district attorney and county and prosecuting attorney to be a licensed attorney and a member in good standing with the Wyoming state bar during the term of office for which the district attorney or county and prosecuting attorney was elected or appointed; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact.. Description: AN ACT relating to professional licensing; adopting the Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact; authorizing the temporary and telemedicine based provision of psychology services by psychologists not licensed to practice psychology in Wyoming; providing for participation in the compact; making conforming amendments; assigning duties to the Wyoming state board of psychology; authorizing the fingerprinting and background investigation of psychology license applicants and license renewals; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Livestock infectious disease control-tribal inclusion.. Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture; specifying participation in livestock contagious and infectious reportable disease testing and containment programs and reimbursements to include all producers in the state including producers on the Wind River Indian Reservation as specified; providing for cooperative agreements with the Eastern Shoshone and Northern Arapaho Tribes; expanding the governor's authority to negotiate on brucellosis containment; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Brucellosis management updates.. Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture, livestock and other animals; amending the requirement to distinctly brand a livestock animal following a positive brucellosis test to be discretionary; updating the provisions for brucellosis testing of cattle; modifying the documentation requirements to receive compensation for brucellosis testing; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Adjacent land resource data trespass-repeal.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; repealing a civil cause of action for and the crime of trespass to access adjacent or proximate land for resource data collection purposes; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Prohibiting drones over penal institutions.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; prohibiting the use of unmanned aircraft systems as specified; authorizing the department of corrections to take reasonable actions against unmanned aircraft systems trespassing over or in penal institutions; providing definitions; providing penalties; providing exceptions; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Defining aircraft for purposes of hunting prohibitions.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; providing a definition of "aircraft" for purposes of the prohibition on the use of aircraft for hunting and other purposes as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Investment funds committee-selection panel amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the investment of state funds; specifying procedures and deadlines for the investment funds committee and the selection panel of the investment funds committee; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Podiatry medical services-Medicaid.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Medical Assistance and Services Act; authorizing payment for services rendered by a licensed podiatrist under the Medical Assistance and Services Act as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Special license plates-organ donations.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicle license plates; authorizing specially designated license plates to be issued to increase awareness of organ, eye and tissue donation; specifying requirements; providing for termination of the issuance of the special plates and report of the termination; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Board of equalization-questions before the board.. Description: AN ACT relating to the state board of equalization; specifying the power of the board to decide questions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Federal political action committees-reports.. Description: AN ACT relating to campaign practices; specifying that federal political action committees are not required to file contribution and expenditure reports if the contributions and expenditures of the committee are exclusively related to federal candidates or issues; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Skill based amusement games-authorized locations.. Description: AN ACT relating to gaming; limiting where skill based amusement games can be located; allowing previously authorized skill based amusement games to continue operating as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Taxation of cigars.. Description: AN ACT relating to tobacco taxes; providing that the tax on a cigar, snuff and other tobacco products are due following the sale of the cigar; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: EMS districts.. Description: AN ACT relating to improvement and service districts; providing an alternative proceeding to form a district to provide emergency medical services by resolution of a board of county commissioners; specifying the appointment of the board of directors of the district; specifying taxation requirements; requiring the board of directors for an emergency medical services district to attempt to collect for services rendered as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Education-repeal of immunity for corporal discipline.. Description: AN ACT related to K-12 education; repealing a statutory provision providing civil and criminal immunity for teachers, principals and superintendents in the exercise of reasonable corporal discipline of a student authorized by school district board of trustee policy; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: Education-suspension and expulsion model policies.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the state superintendent to develop model rules and policies for student discipline, including suspension and expulsion of students; requiring reporting; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: School finance-regional cost adjustment.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; modifying the Wyoming cost-of-living index as used in the regional cost adjustment within the education resource block grant model as specified; providing a sunset date; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School finance-special education funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; modifying the distribution of funds for K-12 public school special education services; repealing a provision; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming national guard medical insurance premiums.. Description: AN ACT relating to defense forces and affairs; specifying that a Wyoming national guard member serving in state active duty may be reimbursed as specified for medical insurance premiums; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Chancery court vacancies-extension amendment.. Description: AN ACT relating to courts; amending requirements for filling chancery court vacancies; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Prohibiting travel across private land for hunting purposes.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; expanding the prohibition for entering private property without permission for hunting purposes to also prohibit traveling through the private property; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State held drainage district bonds.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds; repealing provisions related to specified irrigation and drainage district bonds held by the state of Wyoming; providing an appropriation; extinguishing bond obligations; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Sutton archaeological site administration.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; designating Sutton  archaeological site as a state archaeological site; requiring the department of state parks and cultural resources to manage the Sutton archaeological site; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State parks account-agency expenditure authority.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; increasing the expenditure authority of the department of state parks and cultural resources for funds in the state parks account; providing conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Legislator per diem.. Description: AN ACT relating to per diem rates; increasing the statutory per diem rate for specified legislative activities; increasing per diem rates that are based upon the legislative rate; providing for adjustment of the per diem rate; providing applicability; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Tax administration revisions.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; clarifying the administration of certain taxes by the department of revenue; providing that the department of revenue may credit or waive interest related to mine product taxes; providing that any assessment or levy of sales and use taxes resulting from an audit or review shall be issued within a specified time of the audit or review; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Compensation of local registrars-repeal.. Description: AN ACT relating to vital records; repealing the compensation paid to local registrars for the registration of records; requiring all payments and fees for the registration of records that are due to be paid; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School capital construction funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance accounts; eliminating the school major maintenance subaccount within the strategic investments and projects account, the school lands mineral royalties account and the school capital construction account; modifying the distribution of revenues; clarifying the timing of transfers from the strategic investments and projects account as specified; transferring funds; making conforming amendments; repealing provisions; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Multipurpose vehicles-disabled license plates.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; allowing a person with a disability to be issued a special license plate with a disabled designation for a multipurpose vehicle; specifying that a distinctive symbol may be used on a disabled license plate to designate vehicle type; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Prescriptive easement for water conveyances.. Description: AN ACT relating to prescriptive easements; establishing prescriptive easements for water conveyances; providing requirements for the width and use of a prescriptive easement as specified; requiring the state engineer's office to post an informational document on its website; providing notice to purchasers; specifying applicability and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Electronic records retention.. Description: AN ACT relating to courts; providing for the digitizing and retention of court records as specified; striking obsolete language; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Employees-forced microchip implantation prohibited.. Description: AN ACT relating to labor and employment; prohibiting employers from requiring employees to have microchips implanted in the employees' bodies; specifying requirements for employers for employees' voluntary microchip implants; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Slow moving vehicles-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; requiring the use of slow moving vehicle emblems on specified farm tractors, units of equipment and farm implements; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Decentralized autonomous organizations-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to corporations; amending statutory provisions regulating decentralized autonomous organizations; providing a definition; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming digital asset registration act.. Description: AN ACT relating to digital assets; providing for the registration of digital assets with the secretary of state as specified; providing a definition; amending jurisdictional requirements; requiring rulemaking; providing appropriations; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public works apprenticeship programs-repeal.. Description: AN ACT relating to city, county, state and local powers; repealing statutes authorizing the use of apprenticeship programs on public works projects; repealing bid preferences for contractors who utilize the apprenticeship program; repealing reporting requirements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Apprenticeship and job training promotion in schools.. Description: AN ACT relating to education, labor and employment; requiring the department of workforce services to provide information to secondary students in Wyoming on apprenticeship and on-the-job training programs; specifying duties of school boards of trustees; requiring a report; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Plan of safe care-newborns.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; requiring health care providers to develop plans of safe care for infants as specified; requiring hospitals to report to the department of family services as specified; providing definitions; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Visitation rights.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; establishing visitation rights and limitations for specified health care facilities; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: K-12 school facility leasing.. Description: AN ACT relating to K-12 school facility leasing; modifying leasing agreements; modifying the duties of the state construction department as specified; modifying use of school district facilities by charter schools as specified; requiring approval for major maintenance expenditures on leased facilities; requiring separate accounting; requiring reporting; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Education-model student attendance policies.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the state superintendent of public instruction to develop model rules and policies for student attendance; requiring rulemaking; requiring reporting; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Natural resource funding-large project threshold increase.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of the government; increasing the monetary threshold for which large projects of the Wyoming wildlife and natural resource trust must receive legislative authorization; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Hunting licenses-weighted bonus points system.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; establishing a weighted bonus points program for ram bighorn sheep and moose hunting license random draws; removing the preference point drawing for ram bighorn sheep and moose; providing for the calculation of weighted bonus points; making conforming amendments; specifying applicability; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Creation of tenancy by the entirety.. Description: AN ACT relating to property, conveyances and security transactions; amending requirements to establish a joint tenancy or a tenancy by the entirety as specified; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Federal Indian Child Welfare Act codification.. Description: AN ACT relating to domestic relations; codifying the federal Indian Child Welfare Act as state law; specifying requirements and procedures for the placement of Indian children in shelter care or for adoption; providing a sunset date; making conforming amendments; specifying applicability; requiring rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Moon landing day.. Description: AN ACT relating to legal time and holidays; designating Moon Landing Day as a state recognized commemorative day to be observed as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Education trust fund transfer.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Wyoming education trust fund; repealing the Wyoming education trust fund; repealing related provisions; providing for a transfer of funds from the Wyoming education trust fund to the common school account within the permanent land fund; amending the distribution of trust funds available to public schools; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Education-certificate of completion.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; authorizing the award of a certificate of completion for students with disabilities as identified under the federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act as specified; requiring rulemaking; requiring reporting; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Witnessing of wills-remote methods.. Description: AN ACT relating to wills; authorizing witnesses to wills to appear electronically as specified; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Designation of spouses-revocation upon divorce or annulment.. Description: AN ACT relating to wills and probate; specifying the revocation of probate and nonprobate transfers to a spouse upon divorce or annulment; defining terms; specifying the role and use of governing instruments for revocations; repealing existing provisions concerning the revocation of transfers upon divorce or annulment; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Wyoming legal tender act amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Wyoming Legal Tender Act; requiring the state treasurer to provide for the payment of mineral taxes by specie or specie legal tender; requiring the state treasurer to determine and provide exchange rates for specie and specie legal tender; requiring the state treasurer to exchange specie and specie legal tender for other legal tender currencies; requiring the state treasurer to hold and invest specie and specie legal tender; authorizing the state treasurer to hire consultants; providing rulemaking authority; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Food Freedom Act-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to marketing homemade foods; specifying that any person may sell eggs or dairy products pursuant to the Wyoming Food Freedom Act; prohibiting a state standard for food and health inspection for homemade foods that is more stringent than any standard promulgated by the United State department of agriculture; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: 2023 large project funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Wyoming Wildlife and Natural Resource Funding Act; providing for funding of large projects under the act; specifying large projects approved for funding in 2023; specifying conditions for large project funding; authorizing distributions from the Wyoming wildlife and natural resource trust income account for approved large projects; providing for the reversion of funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Acquisition, exchange and sale of trust lands.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; providing for the acquisition, exchange or sale of state trust lands as specified; designating criteria for the sale and exchange of state trust lands; allowing for farm loans to purchase specified state trust lands; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Court reporter fees-district court discretion.. Description: AN ACT relating to courts; requiring fees for transcripts, records and other papers issued by a court reporter to be set by rule of the district court judicial conference; repealing court reporter fees; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Prohibiting chemical abortions.. Description: AN ACT relating to abortions; prohibiting chemical abortions as specified; providing criminal penalties; providing definitions; specifying exceptions; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Peer support counseling-confidentiality.. Description: AN ACT relating to labor and employment; providing for the confidentiality of communications with peer support specialists as specified; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Architects practice act-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to professions and occupations; amending the qualifications of persons applying to become a licensed architect or landscape architect; amending the requirement that architects be notified of pending license expirations; authorizing the board of architecture to use annual renewal fees to offer continuing education programs as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Protection of lawful commerce in firearms.. Description: AN ACT relating to civil procedure; providing immunity from specified civil lawsuits to firearm manufacturers and sellers; specifying exceptions; providing definitions; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Fund balance calculations-federal encumbrances excluded.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; amending the inclusion of federal encumbrances for purposes of calculating fund balances of state funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Restoration of civil rights.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and criminal procedure; providing for the loss and restoration of rights as specified; creating a new misdemeanor offense; providing for the filing of certificates for restoration of rights as specified; amending a definition; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Nonresident workers-vehicle registration extension.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; extending the time period for the temporary registration of vehicles owned by nonresident persons employed in Wyoming; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Military dependents-school choice.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; allowing children of active duty military members to transfer to any public school within a school district as specified; requiring reporting; making a conforming amendment; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming Stable Token Act.. Description: AN ACT relating to trade and commerce; creating the Wyoming Stable Token Act; creating the Wyoming stable token commission; authorizing the Wyoming stable token commission to issue Wyoming stable tokens as specified; providing for employees; specifying limitations; providing immunity; providing definitions; requiring reports; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Transfer of state lands-exchange.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; removing the requirement that state and federal lands be equal in size when exchanged by the state and the federal government; requiring that federal and state land exchanges be subject to the orders, rules and regulations related to the exchange of lands; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Background checks-governor's office.. Description: AN ACT relating to criminal history records; authorizing the governor to obtain financial and criminal background checks as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Student eligibility in interscholastic sports.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; prohibiting students of the male sex from competing on a team designated for students of the female sex as specified; prohibiting retaliation; providing for an administrative hearing as specified; alternatively providing for a commission to determine student eligibility as specified; providing definitions; providing immunity as specified; providing an appropriation; requiring rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Subdivisions-fencing requirements.. Description: AN ACT relating to planning and zoning; requiring subdividers to construct and pay costs for perimeter fences as specified; specifying requirements for perimeter fences for subdivisions; specifying financial responsibility for maintaining perimeter fences; requiring the inclusion of perimeter fence information in subdivision permit applications; repealing conflicting provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Unlawful use of a charge card or debit card.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; expanding the offense of unlawful use of a credit card to include a charge card and debit card; providing definitions; providing penalties; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Building code requirements-refrigerants.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; providing for the use of alternative refrigerants as specified; providing for regulations as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Property tax residential property class.. Description: A JOINT RESOLUTION to amend the Wyoming Constitution by providing for the assessment of residential real property as a separate property class for the purpose of taxation.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Government contracts-labor organization.. Description: AN ACT relating to public works and contracts; prohibiting governmental entities from including specified terms related to labor organization agreements in construction related contracts and grants; providing exemptions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Preemption of local firearms regulation.. Description: AN ACT relating to weapons; clarifying the applicability of the preemption of firearms regulation by the state as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Occupational therapist criminal history.. Description: AN ACT relating to criminal history records; clarifying that criminal history record information shall be disseminated to the board of occupational therapy as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Election security.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; requiring post-election ballot audits; changing the time absentee ballots may be distributed to applicants before the election; requiring that electronic voting systems have an air gap; providing that election records and returns be transported in a sealed and locked container as specified; providing definitions; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Energy authority project financing-refineries.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Wyoming energy authority; amending the purposes of the Wyoming energy authority to include the construction and expansion of oil and gas refineries in Wyoming; specifying that the energy authority may finance refinery projects in Wyoming as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Weed and pest mitigation-tribal inclusion-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to weed and pest control; clarifying that the Eastern Shoshone and Northern Arapaho tribes may apply for participation in specified emergency insect management programs; requiring coordination with weed and pest control districts for emergency programs; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Public employee retirement plan-contributions.. Description: AN ACT relating to public employees; increasing employee and employer contributions in the public employee retirement plan; requiring the increased employee contributions to be paid through a reduction in cash salary of the employee as specified; removing archaic language; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public improvement contract requirements-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to cities and towns; amending requirements for contracts for public improvements for municipalities; amending requirements for the purchase or trade of property by cities and towns; amending the guarantees required for public improvement contracts; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Domestic violence protection hearings-remote appearance.. Description: AN ACT relating to domestic violence protection; authorizing parties to remotely attend hearings for orders of protection as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State shooting complex task force.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; creating the state shooting complex development and oversight task force; providing duties of the task force; requiring reports; creating the state shooting complex account; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Financial institutions-similar names.. Description: AN ACT relating to banks, banking and finance; modifying requirements for approval of applications for proposed financial institutions with similar names to existing financial institutions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming charter school authorizing board.. Description: AN ACT relating to charter schools; creating the Wyoming charter school authorizing board; modifying the duties of the state superintendent of public instruction; defining terms; revising the process for approval and renewal of charter schools; modifying the requirements for the operation of converted charter schools; modifying funding of charter schools; making conforming amendments; repealing provisions; requiring reporting; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Solid waste disposal districts-consolidation.. Description: AN ACT relating to counties; authorizing two (2) or more existing solid waste disposal districts to consolidate; specifying procedures, terms and conditions for the consolidation of solid waste disposal districts; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Mountain lion pursuit seasons.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; providing for mountain lion pursuit seasons; providing for a special management permit for a mountain lion pursuit as specified; specifying the use of dogs to hunt, kill or pursue mountain lions; providing a penalty; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Drug induced homicide.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; amending the offense of drug-induced homicide as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Convention of states.. Description: A JOINT RESOLUTION requesting Congress to call a convention for proposing amendments to the United States Constitution as specified.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: COVID-19 vaccine employer mandates.. Description: AN ACT relating to labor and employment; prohibiting employers in Wyoming from requiring COVID-19 vaccinations with emergency use authorizations or a COVID-19 vaccination as a condition of employment except as specified; providing for exemptions; providing for reasonable alternative measures for employees unable or unwilling to receive a COVID-19 vaccine; authorizing rulemaking; providing conditional sunset dates; providing applicability; providing an appropriation; authorizing a position; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Federal COVID vaccine mandates-prohibition and remedies-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to the protection of individual rights; providing legislative findings; prohibiting the enforcement of federal COVID-19 vaccine mandates as specified; providing definitions; authorizing litigation to protect the rights of Wyoming citizens and the state of Wyoming as specified; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: General government appropriations-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to supplemental appropriations and reduction of existing appropriations for the operation of state government for the fiscal biennium commencing July 1, 2020 and ending June 30, 2022; providing definitions; providing for additional appropriations and transfers of funds for the period of the budget; increasing or decreasing certain amounts; adjusting the number of positions; modifying prior appropriations; providing for duties, terms and conditions and other requirements relating to appropriations for the period of the budget as specified; providing for position and other budgetary limitations; requiring agreements between agencies; amending existing law by redirecting revenues and making transfers for the period of the budget; creating a cryptocurrency staking program and advisory council; providing for matching funds related to carbon capture, utilization and storage projects; repealing prior appropriations and budget conditions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Certified addictions practitioners-certification amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to mental health professions licensing and certification; amending qualifications to practice as a certified addictions practitioner; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Mental health professions practice act-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Mental Health Professions Practice Act; providing for criminal background checks as specified; providing standards for certification as a certified mental health worker and defining scope of practice; amending reciprocity allowances; repealing obsolete provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Trust company amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to trust companies; establishing procedures for mergers and acquisitions of supervised trust companies; authorizing supervised trust company branching related to mergers and acquisitions; amending the composition of the state banking board to include public trust company members; amending the definition of "trust company"; amending other trust company definitions; authorizing bankruptcy filing requirements; amending applicability of organization requirements; amending meeting requirements for chartered family trust companies; authorizing rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Air ambulance membership organizations-regulation.. Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; amending the definition of disability insurance; specifying that the regulation of air ambulance membership organizations and their memberships and plans is not insurance; establishing registration requirements and regulatory standards for air ambulance membership organizations; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Consumer credit amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to trade and commerce; consolidating consumer credit provisions governing supervised loans into existing law for consumer loans; authorizing sales finance activities for specified licensees; providing for refunds upon termination of consumer credit sales and loans; exempting supervised financial institutions from specified notification and fee requirements; providing payoff calculations by assignees; amending the scope and applicability of the Wyoming Uniform Consumer Credit Code; making conforming amendments; repealing obsolete provisions; authorizing rulemaking; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Short time compensation program.. Description: AN ACT relating to labor and employment; establishing a short time compensation program within the department of workforce services; specifying duties for the director of the department of workforce services; providing for administration of the program; specifying requirements for employer program enrollment and employee benefits; authorizing rulemaking; authorizing the department of workforce services to seek and receive federal funds as specified; authorizing a position; requiring reporting; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: COVID-19 large business relief program.. Description: AN ACT relating to the emergency expenses of government related to business relief; authorizing an emergency governmental program related to economic development and business relief as specified; providing for an appropriation; providing a sunset date for the created program; providing rulemaking authority; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverage regulation.. Description: AN ACT relating to the regulation of alcoholic and malt beverages; creating, revising and repealing provisions governing the regulation of alcoholic and malt beverages; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Rights of way along public ways-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to rights-of-way; specifying requirements and procedures for rights-of-way along public ways; requiring an application for a blanket easement for rights-of-way on public roads on federal lands in Wyoming for broadband infrastructure development; providing for a working group for rights-of-way on public roads on federal lands; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Department of transportation communication facilities.. Description: AN ACT relating to the department of transportation; amending leasing provisions for department of transportation communications facilities for the provision of broadband and telecommunications services; specifying disposition of lease proceeds from communications facilities; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Range management at military training areas.. Description: AN ACT relating to the military department; creating a fund for the deposit of monies from grazing fees at military training areas; authorizing the adjutant general to administer the fund and expend monies for range management and grazing operations; requiring annual reports; providing for a continuous appropriation; providing for an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Military training memorials.. Description: AN ACT relating to honoring military members; authorizing the creation of memorials to military members who died in training accidents in Wyoming; authorizing expenditure of nonstate funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Antique motor vehicles.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; amending the definition of "antique"; amending criteria to obtain antique vehicle licensure; requiring insurance; amending the format of antique vehicle license plates; requiring annual renewal and validation decal; increasing fees; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Driver's license requirements-visual acuity.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; amending the driver's license requirement to demonstrate visual acuity; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming National Guard-preference for education.. Description: AN ACT relating to defense forces and affairs; extending existing preference for entry into academic programs based on Wyoming residency to current nonresident Wyoming national guard members; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming military code.. Description: AN ACT relating to defense forces and affairs; amending and updating the state military code; repealing provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Tribal vehicle registration exemption implementation.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; amending the process for the tribal member vehicle registration fee exemption; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Business code revisions.. Description: AN ACT relating to businesses; generally amending business, trade and commerce statutes; establishing a reinstatement process for foreign corporations; modifying and establishing filing response timelines; providing for electronic service by the secretary of state as specified and conforming related requirements; providing rulemaking and other administrative authority to the secretary of state as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Burials for indigent persons.. Description: AN ACT relating to indigent person burial expenses; providing for reimbursement of burial expenses for indigent persons; imposing a surcharge for death certificates; creating an account; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public utility assessment.. Description: AN ACT relating to utilities; increasing the maximum utility assessment as specified; conforming provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Interference with public contracting.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; providing legislative findings; creating criminal offenses related to interference with public contracts; defining terms; specifying penalties; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Youthful offender program-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the youthful offender program; amending the program name, eligibility requirements and programming emphases; authorizing the use of peer specialists; providing a definition; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Theft statute-amendment.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; clarifying the elements of the crime of theft; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Management council membership.. Description: AN ACT relating to the legislature; amending provisions relating to the selection of management council members; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Community behavioral health-priority populations.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; amending provisions related to community health services; specifying and prioritizing the categories of persons to receive state funded mental illness and substance use disorder services; providing definitions; making conforming amendments; repealing obsolete provisions; requiring reports; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Optometrist practice act amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to optometry; amending optometrists' scope of practice; prohibiting an optometrist from performing specified procedures; amending optometrists' drug prescribing authority; directing the application of optometry related fees and assessments; directing the board of examiners in optometry to determine continuing education requirements; amending membership on the board of examiners in optometry; repealing provisions that define unlawful conduct; repealing obsolete provisions related to volunteer licensing; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Intrastate crowdfunding exemption-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to intrastate crowdfunding; increasing the dollar amount qualifying for an exemption from securities regulation; removing the dollar limit on funding received from nonaccredited investors; removing and amending reporting requirements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Chancery court vacancy amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to courts; amending requirements for filling chancery court vacancies; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Digital assets-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to digital assets; amending the definition of digital asset; amending provisions relating to the nature of digital assets under commercial law; amending security interest provisions relating to digital assets; specifying the application of commercial law to specific types of digital assets; clarifying provisions relating to custody of digital assets by banks; establishing that certain digital asset provisions are consumer protection statutes for commercial law purposes; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Omnibus water bill - construction.. Description: AN ACT relating to water development projects; authorizing construction of designated water projects; describing projects; specifying terms and conditions of funding for projects; providing grants; providing appropriations; amending the sponsor's contingency fund; amending project descriptions, amounts and terms of appropriations for specified prior projects; transferring funds from water development account I to water development account II; transferring funds and a project; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Changes to water right - notice requirements for hearing.. Description: AN ACT relating to water; modifying notice requirements for a hearing on a petition to change a point of diversion or means of conveyance; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Crime of bestiality.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; creating the crime of bestiality; prohibiting bestiality as specified; providing definitions; providing a penalty; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Community juvenile services block grant program.. Description: AN ACT relating to community juvenile services; subjecting administration of the community juvenile services block grant program to the availability of funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Agency fee revisions.. Description: AN ACT relating to agency fees; modifying health care facility licensing fees; modifying department of environmental quality permitting fees; authorizing the department of family services to set the fee for central registry applications; modifying department of agriculture food licensing fees and distribution; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Meat processing programs.. Description: AN ACT relating to the emergency expenses of government; authorizing a governmental program related to expanding and enhancing meat processing capabilities; providing for an appropriation; providing a sunset date for the program; providing rulemaking authority; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming school protein enhancement project.. Description: AN ACT relating to school nutrition; codifying a project that provides grants for school districts to increase the availability of Wyoming meat products in school nutrition programs; requiring matching funds; authorizing the department of education to accept donations and other outside funds as specified; requiring rulemaking; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Invasive plant species.. Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture; creating duties for the Wyoming weed and pest council related to the management and control of invasive species; implementing recommendations from the Governor's Invasive Species Initiative; providing rulemaking authority; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming meat packing initiative.. Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture and economic development; amending the duties of the Wyoming business council to require support for Wyoming producers in the agriculture and meat processing industry; expanding permissible loans and grants to Wyoming meat producers and processors; limiting state rulemaking authority related to meat processing; authorizing rulemaking; requiring a report; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Advance enrollment.. Description: AN ACT relating to K-12 student enrollment; providing for the advance enrollment of children of transferred or transferring military personnel; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State parks account-expenditure authority.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; modifying the expenditure authority of the department of state parks and cultural resources for funds in the state parks account; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Revisor's bill.. Description: AN ACT relating to the revision of statutes and other legislative enactments;  correcting statutory references and language resulting from inadvertent errors and omissions in previously adopted legislation; amending obsolete references; repealing provisions; specifying applicability; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act-extinguishing claims.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act; specifying when claims related to fraudulent transfers to qualified spendthrift trusts and irrevocable trusts are extinguished; amending time limits for extinguishing other actions involving fraudulent transfers; making conforming amendments and technical corrections; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: 2021 large project funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Wyoming Wildlife and Natural Resource Funding Act; providing for funding of large projects; specifying large projects approved for funding in 2021; authorizing appropriations from the Wyoming wildlife and natural resource trust income account for approved large projects; providing for the reversion of funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Geothermal and hydro related energy review.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; creating a task force on geothermal and hydro and hydrogen related energy; providing for membership and duties of the task force; requiring a report; providing for executive department staffing of the task force; providing for legislative liaisons; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming Statutory Foundation Act-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Wyoming Statutory Foundation Act; amending definitions; amending provisions related to beneficiaries, liabilities, obligations, debts and distributions under the act; making conforming amendments; authorizing the issuance of units and shares of a statutory foundation; repealing definitions and provisions related to foundation purposes, beneficiaries and the liability of protectors; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Division of banking-fees.. Description: AN ACT relating to banking and commerce; specifying how fees authorized by statute may be charged by the state banking commissioner; requiring a report; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Birth certificates-gestational agreements.. Description: AN ACT relating to vital records; specifying how parents are listed on a birth certificate upon delivery by a surrogate; providing definitions; making conforming amendments; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Voter identification.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; modifying the definition of acceptable identification; requiring that acceptable identification be presented before voting in person; providing that provisional ballots may be cast as specified; providing that in person voters may be challenged for failure to present acceptable identification; modifying requirements of the department of transportation related to identification cards as specified; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Uniform statewide payment processing.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; amending requirements for statewide payment processor services; requiring disclosure of fees; requiring a report; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Subdivisions.. Description: AN ACT relating to real estate subdivisions; amending exemptions from subdivision requirements as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Unlawful dissemination of an intimate image.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; creating an offense for the nonconsensual dissemination of an intimate image; specifying elements and penalties of the offense; providing definitions; providing exemptions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Off-road recreational vehicles registration authorized.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; authorizing the licensing and registration of specified off-road vehicles; amending vehicle equipment requirements as specified; amending limitations on the use of specified off-road recreational vehicles on public roadways; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Provider recruitment grant program.. Description: AN ACT relating to the provider recruitment grant program; amending the health care provider recruitment grant program; making a conforming amendment; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Removal of unenforceable property covenants.. Description: AN ACT relating to real property and conveyances; establishing procedures for removing unenforceable restrictive covenants for real property; specifying what restrictive covenants are unenforceable; providing immunity from civil liability as specified; authorizing a civil action for new instruments recorded to remove an enforceable restrictive covenant; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Game road kill.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; authorizing rules to provide for the collection of road killed animals; providing restrictions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Elk feedground closings-requirements.. Description: AN ACT relating to elk feedgrounds; authorizing the permanent closure of an elk feedground authorized or administered by the Wyoming game and fish commission only upon an order of the governor; requiring the recommendation of the commission and comment by the Wyoming livestock board for the closure of an elk feedground; requiring a public meeting; authorizing the governor to temporarily close elk feedgrounds under emergency circumstances; authorizing the Wyoming game and fish commission to contract or lease private and state lands for relocating elk feedground sites; requiring the Wyoming game and fish department to develop plans for alternative elk feedground sites as specified; requiring a report; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming Preference Act of 1971-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Wyoming Preference Act of 1971; amending requirements for Wyoming laborers on public works; revising certification requirements for use of nonresident laborers; making conforming amendments; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Uniform Trust Code-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to trusts; amending default and mandatory rules for trusts; providing for the enforcement of foreign judgments as specified; making conforming amendments; amending provisions related to the duty of loyalty of trustees; specifying applicability of the act to existing trust relationships and the principal places of administration; amending requirements for directed trusts; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Retirement system-efficient disbursement method.. Description: AN ACT relating to the state retirement system; authorizing retirement system disbursement mechanisms approved by the state auditor; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Local health officers-education requirements.. Description: AN ACT relating to health officers; specifying education requirements for a county, municipal or district health officer; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Access to anatomical gifts and organ transplants.. Description: AN ACT relating to health care; prohibiting discrimination in the provision of health care services and insurance for organ transplants and related procedures based on a person's disability; providing definitions; providing for enforcement and authorizing a civil action; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Pioneer trapper license.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; providing for the issuance of pioneer trapping licenses as specified; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Big or trophy game animal-minimum hunting age.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; lowering the minimum age at which a person may take a big or trophy game animal as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Concealed carry-residency requirement-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to concealed weapons; removing the state residency requirement for a person carrying a concealed firearm without a permit who meets the other statutory criteria; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Food freedom act amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to marketing homemade foods; authorizing the sale of eggs as specified; amending provisions to allow for the sale of homemade foods in accordance with federal exemptions to the maximum extent possible; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Hathaway Scholarships-success curriculum in middle school.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Hathaway scholarship program; authorizing additional courses taken prior to grade nine to qualify for the Hathaway success curriculum; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State funded capital construction.. Description: AN ACT relating to state funded capital construction; creating an account; providing definitions; providing appropriations for purposes related to state funded capital construction; making certain appropriations subject to specified terms and conditions; modifying prior appropriations; providing for the acceptance and purchase of real property; providing appropriations for and recreating an advisory task force related to state facilities; authorizing and specifying requirements for higher education projects; creating a subcommittee; providing for the acceptance of contributions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Hunting and fishing access-reliable funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; increasing conservation stamp fees; establishing a new account within the game and fish fund; depositing fee increases as specified; authorizing expenditure of fee as specified; imposing game and fish commission reporting requirements on specified account expenditures; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: Public health amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the public health; amending and creating provisions governing the issuance of orders relating to the public health; amending provisions governing the appointment and oversight of the state health officer; providing applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Online sports wagering.. Description: AN ACT relating to online sports wagering; authorizing online sports wagering; providing for regulation by the Wyoming gaming commission; imposing fees; requiring rulemaking; creating an account; providing for the collection and distribution of revenues from online sports wagering to the state; providing for a continuous appropriation; creating penalties; specifying that fantasy sports contests are not gambling; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Hank Coe Leadership Highway-designation.. Description: AN ACT relating to highways; designating the Hank Coe Leadership Highway; requiring signage; allowing political subdivisions to assist in signage costs; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Inclusive ballot language.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; amending the use of pronouns on the ballot; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Electric vehicle fee updates.. Description: AN ACT relating to multipurpose vehicles; amending a definition to exempt multipurpose vehicles and motorcycles from the plug-in electric vehicle annual decal and fee; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Fees paid to secretary of state-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to fees paid through the office of the secretary of state; increasing fees as specified; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State budgeting and expenditure authority.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds and administration of government; amending authority, requirements and procedures for the executive department's acceptance and expenditure of federal funds; amending the authority of the executive department and requirements and procedures for the modifications of amounts authorized for expenditure of other funds under emergencies and other circumstances; specifying restrictions on budgeting authority conferred on the executive department; repealing existing emergency expenditure authority; providing a yearly appropriation; providing for legislative review and actions; creating and amending definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverage permits.. Description: AN ACT relating to alcoholic beverages; establishing a twenty-four hour permit for winery permit holders to sell their manufactured wine off-premises; authorizing fees; providing that microbrewery and winery permit holders may hold a manufacturer's license; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Local land use planning and zoning.. Description: AN ACT relating to land use planning; prohibiting zoning resolutions, ordinances and plans from requiring compliance with local land use plans as specified; modifying the definition of local land use plans; specifying requirements for, restrictions on and implementation of local land use plans; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Liquor manufacturer regulations.. Description: AN ACT relating to the regulation of alcoholic liquor; amending the number of satellite locations for liquor manufacturers; conforming provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Human life equality-prohibiting discriminatory abortions.. Description: AN ACT relating to abortions; prohibiting abortions based on selective reasons and disabilities as specified; providing definitions; providing a criminal penalty and disciplinary sanctions for violations; imposing civil liability as specified; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: Federal congressional elections-residency.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; modifying the definition of "residence" for purposes of elections of and candidates for the offices of United States senator and member of congress; modifying nomination application requirements and affirmations accordingly; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Utilities-presumption against facility retirements.. Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; creating a presumption against the retirement of electric generation facilities as specified; providing definitions related to the presumption; specifying how a public utility can rebut the presumption; limiting rate recovery for public utilities retiring electric generation facilities without rebutting the presumption as specified; requiring consideration of reliability before approving the retirement of an electric generation facility; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Wyoming economic development zones.. Description: AN ACT relating to economic development; requiring the Wyoming business council to identify Wyoming economic development zones and to assist with applications for federal economic development district identification; requiring reporting as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: School finance funding-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; implementing modifications to the Wyoming education resource block grant model; codifying previously uncodified law; amending the computation of average daily membership; increasing the amount that can be computed for a school district's operating balance and cash reserves as specified; prohibiting expenditures on capital construction during a specified period; amending provisions governing the distribution of investment earnings; amending provisions governing the distribution of severance taxes; implementing a sales and use tax for school finance; providing for distribution of the taxes; amending related provisions; repealing conflicting provisions; providing applicability; providing for a study on the reorganization of school districts; requiring a report; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Optional municipal tax-election.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; removing the requirement that a proposition for a municipal sales and use tax be voted on only at a general election; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Elected official residency requirement.. Description: AN ACT relating to elected officials; prescribing residency requirements for county officers; prescribing when a vacancy in office occurs; providing applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Irrigation and water conservancy district loans.. Description: AN ACT relating to intergovernmental cooperation; authorizing the state loan and investment board to make loans to irrigation or water conservancy districts as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Mine product taxes for natural gas consumed on-site.. Description: AN ACT relating to mine product taxes; clarifying the imposition of severance taxes on natural gas that is consumed on-site; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Vehicle titles for nonresident owners.. Description: AN ACT relating to vehicle certificates of title; authorizing nonresident business entities to title vehicles in the state as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: County attorneys-representation of special districts.. Description: AN ACT relating to county officers; amending the duties of county attorneys to allow for county attorneys to provide legal services to special districts as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming medical review panel-repeal.. Description: AN ACT relating to the medical review panel; repealing the Wyoming Medical Review Panel Act of 2005; ceasing review of new malpractice claims by the medical review panel; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Connect Wyoming program-federal funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to the emergency expenses of government related to broadband internet access; authorizing the use of federal funds related to the Connect Wyoming program for broadband development in Wyoming; defining terms related to funding the program; providing for an appropriation; providing rulemaking authority; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: University water system.. Description: AN ACT relating to the University of Wyoming; clarifying the authority of the university over water; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Coal fired generation facility closures-litigation funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; providing legislative findings; providing an appropriation for the purpose of commencing and prosecuting lawsuits against states and other states' state entities as specified; creating an account as specified; requiring reports; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Community health center and rural health clinic grants.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; modifying the department of health grant program for community health centers and rural health clinics as specified; repealing a sunset date; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Investment funds committee-membership.. Description: AN ACT relating to the investment of state funds; amending the membership of the investment funds committee; amending the voting privileges of members of the investment funds committee; providing for the removal of members; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Livestock identification choice act.. Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture, livestock and other animals; codifying federal animal identification methods for Wyoming livestock as specified; providing exclusion; providing rulemaking authority; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: College credit retention.. Description: AN ACT relating to post-secondary education; creating provisions governing how previously completed coursework may be used to earn a post-secondary degree or certificate; authorizing a student petition process; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Firearms transactions-financial discrimination.. Description: AN ACT relating to banks, banking and finance; prohibiting financial institutions from discriminating against firearms businesses; specifying civil remedies; providing for attorneys fees and costs for a successful action; providing a statute of limitations on civil actions; providing for potential loss of state business to a financial institution found to have violated this act; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Worker's compensation-student learner agreements.. Description: AN ACT relating to worker's compensation; providing for student learner agreements between eligible students, school districts, community colleges or technical schools, and employers; providing for the coverage of student learners under worker's compensation; specifying premiums and rates for employers to pay for covered student learners; specifying duties for the department of workforce services for student learners and student learner agreements; authorizing school districts, community colleges and technical schools to enter into student learner agreements; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State investment administration.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds; providing for a study and report regarding alternative measures for managing the investment of state funds; making legislative findings; outlining issues to be covered in the study and report; providing for recommendations for a plan to provide for alternative measures; providing for filing of the report; providing for staffing and requiring assistance by state executive and legislative entities; providing an appropriation; providing for subsequent legislation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Higher education-ban on funding for abortions.. Description: AN ACT relating to the University of Wyoming and community colleges; prohibiting the University of Wyoming and community colleges from expending funds on abortions or insurance coverage for abortions as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Transportation computer system.. Description: AN ACT relating to the funding of government operations; providing funding for the replacement of a transportation computer system; creating an account; imposing an additional fee for driver's licenses, permits and for duplicates and renewals; specifying the distribution of fees; making conforming amendments; assigning duties to the department of transportation and department of enterprise technology services for replacement of the revenue information system; requiring reporting; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: General government appropriations.. Description: AN ACT relating to supplemental appropriations and reduction of existing appropriations for the operation of state government for the fiscal biennium commencing July 1, 2020 and ending June 30, 2022; providing definitions; providing for additional appropriations and transfers of funds for the period of the budget; increasing or decreasing certain amounts; adjusting the number of positions; modifying prior appropriations; providing for duties, terms and conditions and other requirements relating to appropriations for the period of the budget as specified; providing for position and other budgetary limitations; requiring agreements between agencies; amending existing law by redirecting revenues and making transfers for the period of the budget; recreating an advisory task force; repealing prior appropriations and budget conditions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School facilities-project prioritization.. Description: AN ACT relating to K-12 school facilities; amending provisions governing school facility adequacy standards; amending provisions governing school facility needs assessments; amending provisions governing the prioritization of remedies for school facilities by the school facilities commission; conforming provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Airport districts.. Description: AN ACT relating to aeronautics; authorizing counties and municipalities to establish airport districts; specifying requirements; specifying duties and powers of airport districts; specifying duties of municipalities and counties; authorizing assessments; authorizing borrowing money; authorizing distribution from fuel taxes to airport districts; requiring cooperation from the aeronautics commission; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Autonomous vehicles.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; providing for the regulation, registration and licensing of vehicles equipped with an automated driving system; providing for liability for the operation of vehicles equipped with automated driving systems; providing definitions; authorizing a fee; creating an account; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: State employee-moving expenses.. Description: AN ACT relating to administration of the government; authorizing payment of moving expenses for state officers and employees; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Abandoned vehicles-towing service liens and titles.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicle liens; amending procedures for abandoned vehicle liens; amending procedures for junk vehicle titles; clarifying use of fair market value for abandoned vehicles; establishing limits on fees; conforming provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Credit for reinsurance.. Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; amending provisions governing reinsurance; providing requirements and procedures for an assuming insurer of reinsurance as specified; providing requirements for the insurance commissioner; providing applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Temporary licensing and permitting authority-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to professions and occupations; authorizing licensing and permitting boards to waive or modify statutory requirements as specified; limiting the duration of waivers and modifications; creating reporting requirements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Universal occupational licensure.. Description: AN ACT relating to professions and occupations; amending professional licensing requirements for military spouses; providing for the issuance of professional and occupational licenses to qualified applicants from other states; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public health emergencies-immunity amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; specifying the assumption of risk for exposure to or contracting COVID-19; defining terms related to the assumption of risk for COVID-19; amending provisions related to immunity from civil liability for actions and omissions during the public health emergency declared for COVID-19; amending time period for which the worker's compensation program covers COVID-19 infections; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Judicial review of agency actions-permissible venues.. Description: AN ACT relating to administrative procedure; amending the permissible district courts where judicial review for agency actions may be sought; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public meetings-executive sessions for security plans.. Description: AN ACT relating to public meetings; authorizing executive sessions for safety and security planning; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Animal impound proceedings - bond and disposition.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; amending enforcement provisions; providing for the possession and care of impounded animals as a result of charges; amending provisions relating to the cost and disposition of impounded animals; providing alternative processes as specified; providing for an expedited court hearing; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Animal abuse statutes reorganization and update.. Description: AN ACT relating to animal abuse crimes; reorganizing and amending offenses involving animal abuse; making conforming amendments; continuing and modifying an account for reimbursement of costs incurred by counties in animal abuse cases; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles-security interest perfection.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; modifying requirements for perfection of a security interest; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Revised uniform law on notarial acts.. Description: AN ACT relating to notaries, notarial officers and notarial acts; creating the Wyoming Revised Uniform Law on Notarial Acts; repealing the Wyoming Uniform Law on Notarial Acts; amending and repealing laws on notaries public; allowing for remote online notarization and remote ink notarization; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Pandemic response review task force.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health; creating the pandemic response review task force; specifying duties of the task force; requiring a report; providing a termination date for the task force; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Water permit notice requirements.. Description: AN ACT relating to water; modifying notice requirements related to water permits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Physician assistants amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to physician assistants; amending and repealing provisions governing physician assistants; expanding the authorized scope of practice for physician assistants; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Born alive infant-means of care.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; requiring the commonly accepted means of care to be employed in the treatment of any infant born alive; imposing duties on physicians performing abortions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State budget department.. Description: AN ACT relating to administration of government; approving the implementation plan to transfer the budget division of the department of administration and information to the state budget department; specifying duties of the department; conforming provisions to reflect responsibilities; recreating, renumbering and amending statutes for the department of administration and information; repealing conflicting provisions; directing the legislative service office to correct statutory references; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: For-profit public benefit corporations.. Description: AN ACT relating to corporations; providing for for-profit public benefit corporations; providing definitions; specifying requirements and applicability; imposing duties on boards of directors; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Omnibus water bill - planning.. Description: AN ACT relating to water development projects; authorizing specified level I and level II studies; providing appropriations; requiring reports; providing for the reversion of unexpended funds; authorizing unobligated funds to be used to complete other designated projects as specified; extending reversion and study dates; transferring funds from water development account I to water development account II; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Decentralized autonomous organizations.. Description: AN ACT relating to corporations; providing for the formation and management of decentralized autonomous organizations; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Digital identity.. Description: AN ACT relating to trade and commerce; defining personal and organizational digital identity; establishing requirements for the attribution of acts taken through a digital identity; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming Money Transmitters Act-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to trade and commerce; amending definitions applicable to the Wyoming Money Transmitters Act; amending actions and entities exempted from the act; amending fees, bonds and security requirements; clarifying application procedures; repealing definitions of the act; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Tax lien enforcement-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to ad valorem taxation; amending provisions for perfection of tax liens; amending notice of tax lien provisions; amending foreclosure provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Out-of-state state bank charter conversions.. Description: AN ACT relating to banks and banking; authorizing out-of-state state banks to convert from their state charter to a Wyoming charter; providing definitions; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming energy authority amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Wyoming energy authority; amending the purposes of the energy authority to include support for specified minerals industries; specifying geothermal and pumped hydro energy projects as projects which may be supported by the authority; authorizing bonding for projects involving specified minerals; providing and amending definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Solid waste cease and transfer program funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to the prioritization of municipal solid waste facilities cease and transfer projects; authorizing expenditure of previously appropriated funds; establishing a prioritized list of projects; establishing a maximum amount to be expended on projects; granting the department of environmental quality limited discretionary authority to modify the prioritized list; specifying expenditures for a carcass management project; providing definitions; requiring reports; repealing a prior list of priority cease and transfer projects; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Clinical laboratory regulation.. Description: AN ACT relating to professions and occupations; modifying the authority of clinical laboratories as specified; providing exceptions for the collection and testing of human specimens by clinical laboratories; requiring rulemaking authority; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: COVID-19 business relief programs agriculture.. Description: AN ACT relating to emergency expenses of government related to business relief; providing funding for grants to agriculture businesses impacted by COVID-19; providing an appropriation of federal CARES Act or other similarly purposed funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Insurance-mental health and substance use parity.. Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; mandating equivalent benefits and reimbursement related to mental health and substance use services delivered remotely; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Ground ambulance service provider assessment act.. Description: AN ACT relating to public welfare; establishing a private ground ambulance service provider assessment as specified; providing for the use of assessments to obtain federal matching funds; providing for payments to private ground ambulance service providers as specified; establishing an account; providing definitions; providing regulatory authority; providing penalties; clarifying an intergovernmental transfer provision; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Statewide health information exchange-codification.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; codifying the statewide health information exchange; authorizing the department of health to administer and maintain the exchange; authorizing the department to establish fees for participation in the exchange; providing rulemaking authority; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming gaming commission-modifications and corrections.. Description: AN ACT relating to gaming; codifying provisions governing skill based amusement games; modifying skill based amusement game laboratory reporting requirements; amending rulemaking authority of the Wyoming gaming commission; providing and amending definitions; providing for criminal background checks as specified; providing for application of the Wyoming Administrative Procedure Act; requiring applicable fees to be paid on an annual basis; allowing applicable taxes to be prepaid; requiring a report; repealing the sunset date applicable to skill based amusement games; providing a process and criteria for application approval, denial, revocation and suspension; providing a grace period for persons to comply with provisions of this act; requiring the Wyoming gaming commission to review previously submitted skill based amusement game applications; classifying peace officers employed by the Wyoming gaming commission as law enforcement officers under the Wyoming Retirement Act; conforming the definition of skill based amusement game and making other conforming amendments; repealing noncodified law; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School finance-dates for fund transfers.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; revising the dates of recapture payments for school districts; specifying an additional annual distribution of the county school fund; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming investment in nursing funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to administration of the government; providing funding for the Wyoming investment in nursing program from CARES Act funds; providing for appropriations; providing for a sunset date; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Monthly ad valorem tax revisions-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to ad valorem taxation of mineral production; specifying that the monthly payment of ad valorem taxation begins January 1, 2022; providing for the payment of ad valorem taxes from calendar years 2020 and 2021; clarifying distribution of the taxes; making conforming changes; repealing an existing ad valorem tax payment transition period; providing for loans to counties; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Repealing sunset date for the office of consumer advocate.. Description: AN ACT relating to the office of the consumer advocate; repealing the existing sunset date; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: PWMTF reserve account-distribution timing.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds; clarifying and amending the permissible timing for distributions from the permanent Wyoming mineral trust fund reserve account; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Local government distributions-revisions-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to local government funding; reducing a prior appropriation; making conforming changes to the related funding formulas; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Slayer rule-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to wills, decedents' estates and probate code; specifying that taking the life of another precludes rights of survivorship and payable on death benefits; specifying the order in which benefits accrue as between the deceased and the person who caused the death; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Absenteeism in public schools.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; amending provisions related to school attendance and unexcused absences; clarifying what constitutes an unexcused absence for purposes of school attendance; amending and repealing duties and powers of the boards of trustees for Wyoming school districts; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Financial council and reporting-budget reductions.. Description: AN ACT relating to administration of government; removing a preliminary financial reporting requirement of the state auditor; repealing the financial advisory council; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Athletic trainer revisions.. Description: AN ACT relating to athletic trainers; broadening definitions under the Wyoming Athletic Trainers Licensing Act to expand athletic trainers' scope of practice; authorizing the provision of telehealth services; authorizing the provision of additional services during a declared state of emergency; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: Protective orders-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the courts; permitting courts to enter stipulated protective orders as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Broadband development program-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the broadband development program; creating requirements for providing funding for middle-mile broadband projects; defining terms; amending minimum speed requirements for projects funded under the program; specifying eligible applicants for funding; amending rulemaking authority and requirements for the program; amending application contents; providing for the confidentiality of certain application materials; amending procedures for the challenge process; specifying additional funding priorities; amending and repealing limitations on funding projects; repealing rulemaking requirements for broadband speeds; requiring rulemaking; specifying applicability; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Real estate appraisers-continuing education.. Description: AN ACT relating to real estate appraisers; amending continuing education hours requirements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Medicaid billing for school-based services.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; authorizing school districts to bill for school based services for Medicaid eligible students as specified; providing reimbursement to school districts for administrative costs; providing appropriations; authorizing a position; requiring reports; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Public health orders-local and legislative oversight.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health orders; imposing limitations on the declaration of public health emergencies; imposing requirements and limitations on state and county public health orders as specified; requiring ratification of state and county public health orders; authorizing local oversight of state public health orders; making conforming amendments and technical corrections; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Second Amendment Preservation Act.. Description: AN ACT relating to firearms; prohibiting the enforcement of unconstitutional federal actions that infringe upon the right to bear arms; prohibiting the expenditure of public funds to enforce unconstitutional federal actions; authorizing executive orders and other actions to implement the act; providing for representation by the Wyoming attorney general of Wyoming citizens charged by the United States government under federal laws that unconstitutionally infringe upon the right to bear arms; providing rulemaking authority; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Local impact assistance payments.. Description: AN ACT relating to impact assistance payments; amending requirements related to impact assistance payments as specified; providing definitions; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Gillette community college district.. Description: AN ACT relating to community college districts; approving the formation of the Gillette community college district; providing legislative findings; specifying requirements of the transition to the new district; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Property tax-reporting and exemption.. Description: AN ACT relating to property taxation; providing an exemption for de minimis business property subject to specified requirements; providing a civil fee for failing to report property to the county assessor and repealing the criminal penalty; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Voyeurism amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; amending the elements and penalties of the crime of voyeurism; authorizing the imposition of specified probation conditions for those persons convicted of voyeurism; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Ownership of fossils and artifacts.. Description: AN ACT relating to property and conveyances; specifying ownership of fossils, artifacts and non-fossilized animal remains discovered in split estates; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public utility safety lights.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; providing for the use of safety lights by public utility vehicles as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Homicide amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; creating new offenses for first and second degree murder; providing a definition; providing penalties; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Pen registers and trap and trace devices-authorization.. Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; authorizing the use of pen registers and trap and trace devices for the apprehension of persons suspected of felony and other offenses as specified; making conforming amendments; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Unclaimed cooperative utility deposits and payments.. Description: AN ACT relating to cooperative utilities; specifying how unclaimed refunds due members of cooperative utilities shall be used if unclaimed; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Transportation statutory amendments-1.. Description: AN ACT relating to highways and transportation; inserting additional license plates in the replacement duplicate plates process; clarifying dealer permit fees; repealing obsolete and unnecessary definitions and fees; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Transportation statutory amendments-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to highways and transportation; including alternative fuels in a fuel tax exemption; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Career and technical education terminology.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; changing terminology from vocational education to career and technical education for purposes of K-12 education; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Board of dental examiners-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to dentists and dental hygienists; amending examination, fee and license requirements for the practice of dentistry; amending renewal license requirements and procedures; amending requirements to be established by the board of dental examiners; amending qualification and licensure requirements for dental hygienists; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Small claims procedures.. Description: AN ACT relating to small claims procedures; amending procedures governing service of summons; authorizing actions to be brought in the county where the cause of action or some part thereof arose; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School of energy resources budget submittal.. Description: AN ACT relating to the University of Wyoming; requiring the school of energy resources of the University of Wyoming to submit its biennial budget independently of the University of Wyoming; making conforming amendments; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Insurance discount for accident prevention training.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicle insurance; removing the requirement for an insurer to allow and for the motor vehicle division of the department of transportation to approve accident prevention training in order for the insured person to be eligible for an insurance discount after completing the training; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Education-pupil teacher contact time.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the state board of education to establish minimum amounts of pupil-teacher contact time; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming business council directors-reduction.. Description: AN ACT relating to administration of the government; reducing the number of voting directors of the Wyoming business council as specified; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Speech and hearing specialist licensing amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to professions and occupations; providing for the licensure of persons certified as a speech or hearing specialist as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Federal emergency COVID-19 relief funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to emergency expenses of government; authorizing expenditure of COVID-19 relief funds on previously approved projects, grants or procurements; authorizing the governor to recreate expired programs for COVID-19 aid and relief; authorizing emergency government programs as specified; providing certain exemptions from procurement statutes as specified; providing legislative findings; providing sunset dates for expenditure of the specified COVID-19 relief funds; providing an appropriation to restore funding for the operation of state government as specified; providing additional appropriations; providing reappropriations; specifying conditions on appropriations, reappropriations and expenditure of funds; requiring reporting; authorizing rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Investment of state permanent funds.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds; adopting a risk profile standard for the investment of funds of the state which may be invested in equities, including stocks; repealing specified maximum amounts of state permanent funds which may be invested in equities including stocks; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Investment of state non-permanent funds.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds; adopting a risk profile standard for the investment of funds of the state which may be invested in equities including stocks; repealing specified maximum amounts of state nonpermanent funds which may be invested in equities including stocks; modifying requirements for investments of various state funds; authorizing the investment of additional state nonpermanent funds in stocks and equities; conforming language for distribution of investment earnings and making other conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State funds - investments and distributions.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds; modifying spending policies and other investment and revenue distribution provisions; repealing the legislative deficit control account funded from the strategic investments and projects account; revising account distributions as specified; redistributing certain severance taxes; repealing obsolete and inconsistent provisions; providing for a study; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Wyoming agriculture authority.. Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture and livestock; establishing the Wyoming agriculture authority; specifying duties and powers of the authority; establishing a board for the authority; providing legislative findings; providing for financing of authority projects as specified; providing rulemaking authority; making a conforming amendment; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Defending Wyoming business-trade and commerce amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to trade and commerce; amending prohibitions against unfair trade or commerce discrimination; authorizing investigatory powers for the attorney general for antitrust claims; providing for civil penalties and additional civil remedies relating to antitrust violations as specified; amending criminal penalties for antitrust violations as specified; clarifying the applicability of manufacturing requirements to discrimination provisions; amending and repealing provisions related to the authority and duties of enforcing authorities; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Real estate subdivisions-easement requirements.. Description: AN ACT relating to planning and zoning; amending minimum requirements for easements for real estate subdivisions as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: Wyoming learn while you earn program.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; establishing the Wyoming learn while you earn program; providing for students to take career technical education while also working; specifying requirements for approving programs and for student and employer participation in the programs; providing funding of the program as specified; providing for payments to community colleges providing approved programs and for payments to employers providing work experience and training; providing for agreements between colleges, high schools and employers; requiring review by the community college commission; requiring the creation of an account for the program; providing a sunset for the program; providing an appropriation and for a continuous appropriation; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: Charter schools.. Description: AN ACT relating to charter schools; revising the process for approval and renewal of charter schools; providing for authorization of charter schools by a school district or the state loan and investment board; revising the operation of charter schools; authorizing fees; specifying funding; making conforming changes; repealing conflicting provisions; specifying limitations; requiring a study; requiring a report; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting abortifacients and chemical abortions.. Description: AN ACT relating to abortions; prohibiting abortifacient drugs for abortions as specified; providing a criminal penalty for violating the prohibition on abortifacient drugs; providing definitions; specifying exceptions; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public service commission considerations.. Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; authorizing the public service commission to consider reliability and cost externalities; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: School board trustees-party affiliation.. Description: AN ACT relating to ballots; authorizing candidates for school board trustee to have their political party affiliation printed on primary and general election ballots; requiring rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Community based in-home services program.. Description: AN ACT relating to community based in-home services; subjecting availability of the community based in-home services program to the availability of funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Business entities-representation in detainer cases.. Description: AN ACT relating to civil procedure; authorizing business entities to represent themselves in forcible entry and detainer actions; specifying requirements and exceptions; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Prohibition on private funds for conducting elections.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; prohibiting the state or any political subdivision or governmental entity in the state from accepting and expending private funds to conduct elections as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: School finance-funding model amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; implementing modifications to the Wyoming education resource block grant model and other school finance components; providing for funding adjustments as specified; codifying previously uncodified law; amending related provisions; repealing conflicting provisions; requiring a report; requiring a study; and providing for effective dates.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Management council authority and legislative committees.. Description: AN ACT relating to the legislature; authorizing joint interim committees to select interim topics; amending authority of the management council to assign or reject interim topics for joint interim committees; making conforming amendments; amending provisions related to studies that must be approved by management council as specified; limiting management council authority as specified; requiring management council policy changes; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Requirements relating to depositors-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to special purpose depository institutions; allowing a depositor in a special purpose depository institution to be a legal entity incorporated in the United States or a foreign jurisdiction; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Connection of utility services.. Description: AN ACT relating to cities, towns and counties; prohibiting cities, towns and counties from prohibiting the connection or reconnection of utilities services; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Limiting firearm seizure and regulation during emergencies.. Description: AN ACT relating to homeland security; specifying additional limitations on the exercise of powers related to homeland security and states of emergency concerning firearms; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Property rights-limitation on local authority.. Description: AN ACT relating to cities and towns; prohibiting cities and towns from conditioning the connection of municipal sewer service as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Traumatic brain injury and post traumatic stress treatments.. Description: A JOINT RESOLUTION requesting Congress to enact legislation and requesting that the Veteran's Administration work to expand and improve efforts to treat traumatic brain injuries and post-traumatic stress disorder.
In 2021, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: State lands mineral royalties-constitutional amendment.. Description: A JOINT RESOLUTION proposing to amend the Wyoming Constitution to provide that two-thirds of state mineral royalties earned from the lease of state school lands may be appropriated by the legislature for the support of the public schools for six years and to provide thereafter for retaining a portion of mineral royalties within the perpetual fund to be made available for expenditure for support of public schools in subsequent years; and providing a ballot statement.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Local government investment in equities.. Description: A JOINT RESOLUTION proposing to amend the Wyoming Constitution to allow local government entities to invest in stocks and equities upon a two-thirds vote of both houses of the legislature; and providing a ballot statement.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State sovereignty impacted by federal actions.. Description: A JOINT RESOLUTION requesting the federal government to respect state sovereignty; to review and correct federal actions which infringe upon the right to bear arms; and to recognize the impact of federal land use and natural resource development policies on Wyoming citizens and to collaborate with the state in adopting and implementing the policies.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Support of Taiwan.. Description: A JOINT RESOLUTION in support of Taiwan.
In 2021, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Federal suspension and orders on oil and gas production.. Description: A JOINT RESOLUTION requesting Congress and the federal government to reverse federal orders and actions that inhibit the safe development of oil and gas in Wyoming and that negatively and disproportionately impact Wyoming citizens and industries.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Emergency appropriation-COVID-19 funds.. Description: AN ACT relating to the emergency expenses of government; providing legislative findings; authorizing emergency governmental programs as specified; requiring reporting; providing an appropriation; specifying conditions on the appropriation and expenditure of funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Emergency government action-Covid-19.. Description: AN ACT relating to emergency aid and emergency procedures in response to the COVID-19 novel coronavirus pandemic; amending unemployment benefits; authorizing agreements with the federal government and the expenditure of federal funds; creating programs to avoid the eviction of needy persons; amending the unemployment compensation program; amending the worker's compensation program; providing additional authority to the governor; providing for a worker's compensation premium credit; amending a prior worker's compensation premium credit; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: COVID-19 business relief programs.. Description: AN ACT relating to the emergency expenses of government related to business relief; providing legislative findings; authorizing emergency governmental programs related to economic development and business relief as specified; providing appropriations; providing a sunset date for created emergency programs; providing rulemaking authority; authorizing transfers of appropriations as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Emergency appropriation-COVID-19 funds-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to the emergency expenses of government; providing legislative findings; authorizing emergency governmental programs as specified; requiring reporting; providing an appropriation; specifying conditions on the appropriation and expenditure of funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Emergency powers-Covid-19-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to emergency aid and emergency procedures in response to the COVID-19 novel coronavirus pandemic; clarifying immunity from civil liability; amending unemployment benefits; authorizing agreements with the federal government and the expenditure of federal funds; creating programs to avoid the eviction of needy persons; amending the unemployment compensation program; amending the worker's compensation program; providing additional authority to the governor; providing for a worker's compensation premium credit; amending a prior worker's compensation premium credit; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Emergency budgeting-COVID-19-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to emergency budgeting for the expenses of government; temporarily amending the computation of school district operating balances and cash reserves; providing for carryover and reappropriaton of certain funds as specified; authorizing the transfer of appropriations; authorizing a reduction in school district funding and providing for a corresponding appropriation; authorizing the use of federal funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: COVID-19 business relief programs-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to the emergency expenses of government related to business relief; providing legislative findings; authorizing emergency governmental programs related to economic development and business relief as specified; providing appropriations; providing a sunset date for created emergency programs; providing rulemaking authority; authorizing transfers of appropriations as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Coronavirus immunity provisions.. Description: AN ACT relating to civil procedure; providing immunity from civil liability for damages and injuries resulting from exposure to coronaviruses as specified; defining terms; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: General government appropriations-2.. Description: AN ACT to make appropriations for the fiscal biennium commencing July 1, 2020 and ending June 30, 2022; providing definitions; providing for appropriations and transfers of funds for the period of the budget and for the remainder of the current biennium as specified; providing for carryover of certain funds beyond the biennium as specified; providing for employee positions as specified; providing for duties, terms and conditions and other requirements relating to appropriations for the remainder of the current biennium and the period of the budget as specified; providing for position and other budgetary limitations; amending existing law by redirecting revenues and making transfers for the period of the budget; providing for reports related to appropriations; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: General government reports.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; requiring studies and reports for the operations of government including primary and higher education programs; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming energy authority-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; amending provisions of the Wyoming energy authority; providing for additional qualifications for energy authority members; amending ex officio members and powers of the authority; amending bonding requirements; repealing a bonding provision; amending definitions; providing the energy authority limited authority to execute administrative obligations as specified; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming coal marketing program.. Description: AN ACT relating to energy and natural resources; creating the Wyoming coal marketing program; providing program standards and purposes; creating an account; authorizing the acceptance of donations; providing an appropriation; requiring rulemaking; requiring a report; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Driver's licenses and IDs.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; authorizing digital driver's licenses and identification cards; establishing fees; authorizing electronic notice relating to expirations, renewals and other transactions; clarifying which credentials may be possessed; providing definitions; providing rulemaking authority; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Commercial operators-registration and authority to operate.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; authorizing the department of transportation to suspend, revoke, cancel or refuse to issue registration of a commercial vehicle and authority to operate as a private motor carrier; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Commercial learner's permits.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; extending the expiration period for a commercial learner's permit; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Digital expression protection.. Description: AN ACT relating to digital expression; providing limitations on criminal liability for digital expression as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Abstracts of court records.. Description: AN ACT relating to courts; requiring courts to provide abstracts of court records to state agencies; specifying information to be included in abstracts; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Human trafficking-penalty for subsequent conviction.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; providing a penalty for subsequent convictions of human trafficking as specified; making conforming amendments; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Qualified residential treatment programs.. Description: AN ACT relating to children; requiring an assessment for children placed in a qualified residential treatment program; requiring court review and presentation of information about the program; defining terms; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Motor vehicle violations-penalties.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicle penalties; removing the imprisonment penalty under the general penalty provisions for violations relating to motor vehicles generally, for traffic violations and for violations of the Driver's License Act; removing the imprisonment penalty for failing to return a license or registration after suspension; providing imprisonment penalties for specified violations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Sage grouse mitigation credits.. Description: AN ACT relating to sage grouse; establishing a program for compensatory mitigation credits for conservation of the greater sage grouse; creating accounts; providing for a continuing appropriation; amending the duties of the board of land commissioners; requiring rulemaking; providing legislative findings; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Drilling units-risk penalties and mandatory royalties.. Description: AN ACT relating to oil and gas; amending the calculation of owners' shares for drilling units as specified; providing for the expiration of pooling orders under specified conditions; providing a royalty during payment of risk penalty; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Consolidation of theft crimes.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; amending the elements of theft to incorporate various methods of stealing into one crime; modifying penalties for stealing related offenses; providing a statement of intent; making conforming amendments; repealing provisions incorporated into the offense of theft; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Municipal right-of-way franchise fees.. Description: AN ACT relating to cities and towns; authorizing franchise fee agreements for access to public rights-of-way; providing limitations on franchise fee agreements as specified; providing exceptions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Municipal bonds-digital securities.. Description: AN ACT relating to public securities; authorizing issuance of certain bonds as digital securities; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Insurance investments-digital assets.. Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; authorizing investment in digital assets by an insurer; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School district procurement amendment.. Description: AN ACT relating to school districts; clarifying that procurement activities by a school district that are conducted through a board of cooperative educational services are subject to publication and competitive bidding requirements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: County reserve accounts.. Description: AN ACT relating to local sales and use tax; authorizing the deposit of certain specific purpose excise taxes into reserve accounts as specified; requiring approval from the governing body and qualified electors of a county; specifying the use of funds in reserve accounts; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Tribal ID for voting.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; specifying requirements of a tribal identification card for voter registration; specifying a tribal identification card as an item that may be considered in determining registration qualifications; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Select committee on blockchain, technology and innovation.. Description: AN ACT relating to the legislature; creating the select committee on blockchain, financial technology and digital innovation technology; providing for appointment of members and executive branch liaisons; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Firearm regulation.. Description: AN ACT relating to firearms; clarifying the applicability of the preemption of firearms regulation by the state; prohibiting governmental entities from operating firearm buyback programs; conforming language; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Criminal justice-mental health-substance use programming.. Description: AN ACT relating to behavioral health and substance use disorders; requiring the department of health and the department of corrections to collaborate to reduce criminal offender recidivism by improving mental health and substance use programming and funding; creating new programs; creating a unit within the department of corrections; making an appropriation; requiring reports; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Resident tuition for military members and family.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; amending provisions for resident tuition for military members, spouses and children; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Motor vehicle franchises-telephone requirements.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; amending telephone requirements for motor vehicle franchise dealers; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Pesticide registration fee.. Description: AN ACT relating to food and drugs; increasing the pesticide registration fee; specifying distribution and use of the fee; providing for a continuous appropriation; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Weed and pest amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to weed and pest control; amending provisions related to inspections and remediation of weed and pest infestations; repealing a related provision; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Remote education within a school district.. Description: AN ACT relating to virtual education; creating an exception to virtual education requirements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: School finance - model recalibration.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; creating the select committee on school finance recalibration; providing for a study to recalibrate the education resource block grant model; authorizing the use of consultants; requiring a report; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Good time allowances for jail time.. Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure and sentencing; amending requirements for establishing rules for good time allowances to inmates and parolees; requiring rulemaking; specifying applicability; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Mountain daylight time preservation.. Description: AN ACT relating to legal time; requiring the state to observe a time zone as specified; establishing a new uniform state time; specifying contingencies; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Special purpose depository institutions-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to banking; expanding the authority of special purpose depository institutions to engage in incidental activities with the public as specified; amending the application timeframe for a special purpose depository charter; authorizing the commissioner to provide a fee exemption; specifying the types of security that can be pledged by a special purpose depository institution in lieu of a surety bond; clarifying a continuous appropriation; repealing a provision requiring depositor services and the issuance of special purpose depository accounts; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Special education funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; amending provisions governing special education funding; modifying an appropriation; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Local sales and use taxes.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; authorizing an election on the question of permanently imposing a portion of the local general purpose sales and use taxes; decreasing the number of local entities required to approve provisions related to specified local sales and use taxes; increasing the amount of time between elections for specified local sales and use taxes; authorizing the implementation of an optional municipal sales and use taxes as specified; providing procedures; amending related provisions; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: Voyeurism-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; amending the elements of the crime of voyeurism; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Government procurement-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; modifying provisions related to procurement and contracting by governmental entities; specifying duties of the state construction department and the University of Wyoming board of trustees; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Professional services procurement-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to professional services procurement; renumbering and amending provisions related to the procurement of professional architectural, engineering and land surveying services; modifying applicability of resident firm selection requirements; specifying duties of the state construction department; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public works and contracts.. Description: AN ACT relating to public works and contracts; modifying and conforming provisions governing public contracting; repealing provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Education accounts-investment earnings.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds; providing for the investment of specified accounts; providing for the retention of investment earnings; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Good neighbor authority revolving account.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; creating the Wyoming state forestry good neighbor authority revolving account; providing for administration of the account; authorizing additional employees; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Underground facilities notification-exemption.. Description: AN ACT relating to underground public utility facilities; exempting specified routine county road maintenance from the provisions of the Wyoming Underground Facilities Notification Act; providing for notice as specified; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Senior health care special districts.. Description: AN ACT relating to special districts; providing for the establishment of senior health care districts; providing for the management and control of the districts; specifying senior health care district board powers and duties; providing taxing and bonding authority; granting additional powers to the boards of trustees for hospital districts and special rural health care districts as specified; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Jury procedure amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to civil procedure; amending provisions related to causes for juror excusal; amending procedures for juror exemption and discharge; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Sex offender-prohibited access to school facilities.. Description: AN ACT relating to regulation of sex offenders; amending an exception that allows registered sex offenders to be in, on or near school buildings and grounds under certain specified circumstances; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wildlife conservation efforts-1.. Description: AN ACT relating to wildlife conservation; providing for voluntary donations to support wildlife conservation efforts related to the transportation system; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Nicotine products-taxation.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; imposing taxes on nicotine products as specified; providing for collection and distribution of the taxes imposed; requiring a license to sell nicotine products; requiring reporting of nicotine products sold; providing penalties; providing for state preemption of the taxation of nicotine products as specified; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Small modular nuclear reactor permitting.. Description: AN ACT relating to environmental quality and utilities; authorizing permits of small modular nuclear reactors; specifying permit requirements; authorizing the replacement of coal generation capacity with small modular nuclear reactor capacity; making conforming amendments; imposing a tax; requiring rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Veterans property tax exemption-access.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; requiring notice to taxpayers of the veterans property tax exemption as specified; clarifying that veterans may confirm eligibility by mail; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Wyoming Law Enforcement Memorial Highway-designation.. Description: AN ACT relating to highways; designating the Wyoming Law Enforcement Memorial Highway; requiring signage; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Railroad safety.. Description: AN ACT relating to railroads; requiring trains and light engines to be operated by a crew of not less than two persons; specifying applicability; defining terms; providing fines for violations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Land appraisal appeal process.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; requiring the board of land commissioners to provide a process by regulation for a hearing related to the appraisal of lands to be exchanged; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Emergency water projects account.. Description: AN ACT relating to funding for emergency water projects; creating an emergency water projects account; authorizing emergency water project grants and loans; providing a continuous appropriation and providing an additional appropriation; providing for administration; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Contract brewing.. Description: AN ACT relating to alcoholic beverages; providing for brewers and microbrewers to obtain by contractual arrangement malt beverages for sales for on or off premises consumption; providing a definition; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Food freedom amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to marketing homemade foods; authorizing the sale of certain homemade food items by parties other than the producer of the item as specified; providing and amending definitions; making conforming changes; repealing a provision relating to consumption location; providing limitations on retail food sales; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Prescription tracking program rules.. Description: AN ACT relating to controlled substances; providing rulemaking authority related to the controlled substance prescription tracking program; amending program requirements as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Livestock board investigators.. Description: AN ACT relating to livestock board investigators; authorizing payment of livestock board investigators from the inspection account; increasing the animal remedies registration fee and amending distribution; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Improvement and service districts-financial enforcement.. Description: AN ACT relating to improvement and service districts; providing a limitation on the imposition of fees, charges, mill levies, taxes and other assessments; providing exceptions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: State lands-notice of lease sales.. Description: AN ACT relating to mineral leases; requiring notice to private surface owners and private subsurface owners and mineral lessees of proposed lease sales involving state lands; requiring notice to subsurface owners and mineral lessees of proposed state land sales or trades; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Economic diversification incentives for mineral exploration.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; providing for a severance tax credit for certain mineral exploration as specified; providing procedures; providing for a report; providing for rules and regulations; providing applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Pioneer archery licenses.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; providing for the issuance of free annual archery licenses as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Budget modifications-executive.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; amending reporting and other requirements for revisions to legislatively appropriated budgets; amending reporting and other requirements for acceptance or expenditure of federal funds; clarifying requirements for reporting at-will employee positions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Dr. Leonard L. Robinson memorial bridge.. Description: AN ACT relating to highways and bridges; designating a bridge as specified; providing for signage; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Omnibus water bill - construction.. Description: AN ACT relating to water development projects; authorizing construction of designated water projects; describing projects; specifying terms and conditions of funding for projects; providing appropriations; providing for a sponsor's contingency fund; modifying project descriptions, amounts and terms of appropriations for specified prior projects; transferring funds from the Buffalo Bill dam account to water development account II; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Animal reimbursement program-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture; amending parameters of the animal reimbursement program account; allowing for claims for reimbursement for certain brucellosis containment efforts; requiring rulemaking; conforming provisions; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming combat sports commission.. Description: AN ACT relating to professions and occupations; renaming the board of mixed martial arts as the Wyoming combat sports commission; specifying duties of the commission related to the governance of boxing; providing an exemption; defining terms; renaming an account; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; specifying the transfer of funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Chancery court amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to chancery courts; amending provisions related to the chancery court of the state of Wyoming; clarifying disposition of fees; clarifying the jurisdiction of the chancery court as specified; making technical corrections; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Electronic monitoring in long-term care facilities.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; regulating electronic monitoring in long-term care facilities; providing guidelines and obligations for facilities and residents; providing penalties and evidentiary standards; requiring rulemaking; specifying applicability; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Wyoming retirement plans-adjustments.. Description: AN ACT relating to retirement benefits administered by the Wyoming retirement system; providing for two single, additional, noncumulative benefit payments under the Wyoming Retirement Act, the Wyoming State Highway Patrol, Game and Fish Warden and Criminal Investigator Retirement Act and the Firemen's Pension Account Reform Act of 1981; providing an appropriation; specifying legislative intent and making legislative findings; requiring a study, reports and certifications as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Importation of prescription drugs-study.. Description: AN ACT relating to food and drugs; requiring the department of health to study the feasibility of a prescription drug importation program for possible implementation in Wyoming; specifying study parameters; requiring a report; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: Second Amendment Preservation Act.. Description: AN ACT relating to firearms regulation; establishing the Second Amendment Preservation Act; describing certain actions as infringing on the right to keep and bear arms; objecting to certain actions by the federal government; providing for the protection of specified rights; providing legislative declaration of authority; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: CHIP-state administration.. Description: AN ACT relating to the child health insurance program; authorizing the program to be provided by the state or by a private insurance company; amending charge and collection limits; discontinuing the CHIP health benefits plan committee; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Emergency call location information.. Description: AN ACT relating to emergency telephone service; requiring wireless carriers and service suppliers to provide call location information to law enforcement in emergency situations as specified; providing immunity; defining terms; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Prohibition of female genital mutilation.. Description: AN ACT relating to crimes and offenses; specifying that aggravated assault and battery includes female genital mutilation; modifying penalties; providing for a civil action to recover damages for female genital mutilation; providing a definition; requiring development of a training program; prohibiting professional licensure of health care professionals convicted of performing female genital mutilation; specifying female genital mutilation is cause for mandatory child abuse reporting; specifying conviction for female genital mutilation requires inclusion of convictions in the child abuse registry; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Reclamation of surface coal mines-turbine blades.. Description: AN ACT relating to environmental quality; requiring the environmental quality council to establish rules and regulations for uses of wind turbine materials as specified; amending definitions; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Unpaid wage claim amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to labor and employment; specifying authority of the department of workforce services to investigate unpaid wage claims; specifying employees who can file suit for payment of wages due; amending when interest is authorized for unpaid wage claims; implementing an anti-retaliation provision for issues related to unpaid wages; clarifying the jurisdiction for legal proceedings for the collection of unpaid wages; providing penalties; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming tourism account funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to sales tax; imposing a statewide assessment on sales of lodging services; providing for distribution of the assessment collected; providing an exemption; revising the local optional lodging tax; amending authorized expenditures; repealing conflicting provisions; creating the Wyoming tourism account; creating the Wyoming tourism reserve and projects account; providing for implementation of the new assessment; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Unclaimed property-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to unclaimed property; providing a time limit for filing claims for unclaimed property; making conforming amendments; defining terms; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Unclaimed property funds-investments.. Description: AN ACT relating to the investment of unclaimed property funds; authorizing investment of unclaimed property funds in equities; amending the distribution of investment earnings from unclaimed property funds; naming existing accounts; providing immunity for certain actions; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Worker's compensation-legislators.. Description: AN ACT relating to worker's compensation; providing for worker's compensation coverage for legislators; amending and creating definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Tax refund to elderly and disabled.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; amending eligibility criteria for the tax refund to the elderly and disabled program; providing for administration of the tax refund by the department of revenue; requiring rulemaking; authorizing a position; providing an appropriation; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Agriculture marketing funds-processing plants.. Description: AN ACT relating to economic diversification and development; providing for the support of meat processing plants for Wyoming product export; limiting use of certain funds in the agriculture marketing subaccount within the economic diversification account to support such processing plants; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Economic development large project loans-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to economic development; codifying and amending procedures for loans for economic development projects as specified; amending and specifying duties associated with the large project loan program; establishing a loan review committee; requiring a report; making conforming amendments; repealing noncodified provisions of the loan program; requiring rulemaking; specifying applicability; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Animal shares.. Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture and livestock; specifying requirements for distribution of meat pursuant to ownership of an animal share; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Microbreweries.. Description: AN ACT relating to alcoholic beverages; providing for a microbrewery to operate at more than one (1) location; making conforming changes; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Monthly payment of ad valorem tax on mineral production.. Description: AN ACT relating to ad valorem taxation of mineral production; providing for monthly payment of ad valorem taxes on mineral production commencing January 1, 2020; providing a process for reporting, payment, reconciliation and distribution of the monthly ad valorem tax; specifying the payment schedule for the transition period; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Background checks-state treasurer's office.. Description: AN ACT relating to the state treasurer; authorizing the state treasurer to obtain financial and criminal background checks as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: Reserve accounts-investments.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds; authorizing investment of the permanent Wyoming mineral trust fund reserve account and common school permanent fund reserve account in equities as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: State trust lands-proposals and study.. Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; requiring the office of state lands and investments to solicit proposals for the development of identified school and state trust lands in Teton county; requiring the office to review proposals and make recommendations as specified; requiring reports; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Investment of public funds.. Description: AN ACT relating to administration of government; modifying the duties of the investment funds committee and the state treasurer; modifying memberships of the committee; modifying requirements for the adoption of investment policy statements; amending reporting requirements; providing an exemption from public meeting requirements as specified; specifying legislative intent; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School nursing-state school nurse.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; authorizing the state superintendent of public instruction to employ a state school nurse; specifying duties of the state school nurse; authorizing a position subject to conditions; requiring reports; providing a sunset date; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: County central committee organizational meeting.. Description: AN ACT relating to political parties; amending county central committee organizational meeting requirements; amending obsolete references; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming gaming commission.. Description: AN ACT relating to gaming; generally amending statutes concerning pari-mutuel events, gaming and gambling; reconstituting the pari-mutuel commission as the Wyoming gaming commission and increasing membership; establishing duties for the commission; regulating skill based amusement games as specified; authorizing skill based amusement game fees, collections and distributions as specified; creating an account; providing for a continuous appropriation; authorizing commission employees to be peace officers and authorizing enforcement by the attorney general as specified; providing penalties; providing applicability; requiring rulemaking; making conforming amendments; requiring reports; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Air ambulance-Medicaid coverage amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring the state employees' and officials' group insurance plan to offer air ambulance services under the air ambulance transport services program only upon federal approval of the program; requiring state agency reimbursement for air ambulance services provided under the air ambulance transport services program only upon federal approval of the program; making the operation of air ambulance provisions in Medicaid statutes contingent upon federal approval of the air ambulance transport services program; making the payment of premium taxes for the air ambulance transport services program contingent upon federal approval of the program; making workers' compensation coverage for air ambulance services under Medicaid contingent upon federal approval of the air ambulance transport services program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: Kindergarten start date.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; amending the minimum school age; conforming provisions; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Game and fish-data protection.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; limiting release of personally identifiable information, including geographic information of the legal taking of wildlife; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Transportation of nonresident students.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; limiting transportation for nonresident students as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Attorney general authority in bankruptcy actions.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; authorizing the attorney general to act jointly with or on behalf of a county in bankruptcy proceedings; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Game and fish-selling agents.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; providing that license selling agents may collect processing fees for sales of licenses in the same manner as the game and fish department; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School district reporting-certification elimination.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; amending school district reporting requirements as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Court automation fees.. Description: AN ACT relating to courts; increasing and conforming specified court automation and filing fees; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming department of agriculture fees.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Wyoming department of agriculture; increasing specified fees; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Motorboats-gasoline tax distribution.. Description: AN ACT relating to gasoline taxes; authorizing expenditures of amounts attributable to motorboat gasoline tax distributions as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Reliable and dispatchable low-carbon energy standards.. Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; requiring the public service commission to establish electricity generation portfolio standards for public utilities; limiting the recovery of costs for the retirement of coal fired electric generation facilities; authorizing the public service commission to grant reasonable rate recovery for public utilities as specified; authorizing a surcharge; requiring reports; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Select committee on tribal relations.. Description: AN ACT relating to the legislature; creating the select committee on tribal relations as a statutory committee; providing for appointment of members; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: County delinquent tax sales-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to ad valorem taxation; amending advertising requirements for delinquent tax sales by county treasurers; amending fees and costs recoverable by counties in delinquent tax sales; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Wind turbine blades.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; prohibiting disposal of wind turbine blades in landfills; requiring repurposing of wind turbine blades; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Uniform statewide payment processing.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; amending requirements for statewide payment processor services; requiring disclosure of fees; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Per diem rates-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to per diem rates; increasing the statutory per diem rate for specified legislative activities; increasing per diem rates that are based upon the legislative rate; providing for adjustment of the per diem rate; providing applicability; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Oil and gas tax-new production.. Description: AN ACT relating to mine product taxes; providing an exemption for production of crude oil and natural gas in specified price environments and for specified periods; providing limitations on the exemption; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Pari-mutuel events-rodeo.. Description: AN ACT relating to pari-mutuel events; providing for professional rodeo events as pari-mutuel events; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Coal severance tax exemption-Canadian and Mexican ports.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; creating a severance tax exemption for surface coal transported to markets outside of North America as specified; providing a sunset date; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Organ donations-state employee leave.. Description: AN ACT relating to administration of government; providing annual leave time for state employees making organ donations as specified; authorizing rules and policies; providing definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Life insurance benefits-payments and interest.. Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; modifying payments of claims and interest requirements on life insurance benefits as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Local impact assistance payments-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to impact assistance payments; amending requirements related to impact assistance payments as specified; providing applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: Investment of state funds.. Description: AN ACT relating to the investment of state funds; authorizing the purchase of real property assets and associated interests as specified; specifying requirements for the purchase; specifying sources of funding for the purchase; requiring the segregation of purchased assets based on funding source; specifying the distribution of earnings, income and royalties from purchased assets; creating the property tax reimbursement payment account; requiring reports; requiring approval by the legislature prior to execution of any purchase agreement; authorizing payments to local governments in lieu of property taxes as specified; specifying other required arrangements for the purchase and management of assets purchased; requiring recommendations; authorizing the retention of consultants; authorizing reviews, studies and recommendations as alternatives to executing any authorized purchase; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Legislative budget.. Description: AN ACT relating to appropriations for the legislature; providing appropriations for the operation of the legislative branch of state government; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Military department authority to accept donations.. Description: AN ACT relating to defense forces and affairs; authorizing the military department to accept and expend donations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wildlife conservation account.. Description: AN ACT relating to wildlife conservation; authorizing acceptance and solicitation of donations for wildlife conservation efforts related to the transportation system; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School buildings and facilities-lease reimbursements.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; limiting state reimbursements for buildings leased by a school district or charter school; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Missing and murdered indigenous persons-agency cooperation.. Description: AN ACT relating to administration of the government; specifying duties for the division of criminal investigation, Wyoming office of homeland security, division of victim services, highway patrol and others in the reporting, investigation, emergency alert and recovery of missing persons and other offenses; requiring state cooperation with federal, tribal and local law enforcement for alert systems and investigation and resolution of criminal activity; requiring reports; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Ethics and Disclosure Act amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to government ethics; amending definitions and procedures for the Ethics and Disclosure Act; expanding the scope of the Act to local governmental entities and additional state employees; amending penalties for violations of the Act; amending conduct that constitutes a misuse of public resources; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Warrants for digital records.. Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; authorizing warrants to out-of-state providers of electronic communication services and remote computing services; specifying procedures; requiring Wyoming providers to comply with out-of-state warrants as specified; providing immunity for compliance; defining terms; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Consumer protection act amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to trade and commerce; amending notice requirements for temporary restraining orders and injunctions in actions relating to consumer protection; providing for the issuance of ex parte temporary restraining orders; amending available remedies; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public defender-indigency standards.. Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; amending indigency qualification procedures and standards for public defender representation; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Probation and parole sanctions-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; clarifying and modifying available administrative sanctions and eligibility for sanctions for probationers and parolees; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Absenteeism and truancy.. Description: AN ACT relating to compulsory attendance; amending responsibilities for enforcing attendance requirements among school districts, district attorneys, parents and others; providing that a child subjected to willful absenteeism is neglected for purposes of the Child Protection Act; providing that a child who is an habitual truant is a child in need of supervision; creating definitions; amending penalties; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: School district procurement.. Description: AN ACT relating to school districts; amending procurement requirements; providing applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Hathaway need-based scholarships-graduate school.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Hathaway scholarship program; limiting Hathaway need-based scholarships for graduate school; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wildlife conservation efforts-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to wildlife conservation; providing for voluntary donations to support wildlife conservation efforts related to the transportation system; requiring specified applications to allow for voluntary wildlife conservation donations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Ad valorem-confidentiality exception.. Description: AN ACT relating to ad valorem taxation; authorizing the release of limited taxpayer information as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Election code revisions.. Description: AN ACT relating to elections; revising registration requirements and election timelines as specified; creating requirements for write-in candidates; allowing notification to nominated write-in candidates by electronic means; amending  complaint procedures for violations of the Election Code as specified; expanding limitations on campaign contributions; amending provisions relating to publishing notice of special district organizational and formation elections; modifying post voting procedures; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Coal fired electric generation facilities.. Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; amending authority of the public service commission as specified; providing authority to purchasers of retiring coal fired power plants as specified; amending limitations on retiring facilities;  specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Surface water diversion.. Description: AN ACT relating to cities and towns; specifying the authority of cities and towns over surface water diversion; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Insurance code updates.. Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; expanding the authority to transmit certain insurance notices or documents electronically; modifying provisions governing nonadmitted insurance; imposing additional requirements on the selection of members of the Wyoming health and life guarantee association board of directors; authorizing a service fee on surplus lines brokers; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State employees' and officials' group insurance.. Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; requiring the state employees' and officials' group insurance program to be administered in accordance with insurance laws and regulations as specified; modifying a definition regarding coverage; authorizing rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Discovered property-probate procedures.. Description: AN ACT relating to wills and probate; specifying the determination of heirship and distribution of a decedent's known and unknown real property; specifying procedures; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Reporting of property.. Description: AN ACT relating to property taxes; revising the penalty for failing to report business property to the county assessor; requiring the department of audit to collect information during audits as specified; providing fees for nonreported and omitted business property; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: University of Wyoming-land grant mission report.. Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring reports from the University of Wyoming; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Public meetings-executive sessions for security planning.. Description: AN ACT relating to public meetings; authorizing executive sessions for safety and security planning; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Health care claims database reporting.. Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring the reporting of state of Wyoming employee health care claims data as specified; providing conditions; providing a sunset date; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Large scale solar and wind energy facilities.. Description: AN ACT relating to regulation of solar and wind energy facilities; requiring permitting by boards of county commissioners of solar energy facilities; establishing minimum standards for solar and wind energy facilities; providing for referrals to the industrial siting council; amending the industrial siting council's jurisdiction over wind and solar energy facilities; specifying issues to consider in the permitting of solar and wind energy facilities; making conforming amendments; providing for rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact.. Description: AN ACT relating to professional licensing; adopting the Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact; authorizing the temporary and telemedicine based provision of psychology services by psychologists not licensed to practice psychology in Wyoming; providing for participation in the compact; making conforming amendments; assigning duties to the Wyoming state board of psychology; authorizing the fingerprinting and background investigation of psychology license applicants and license renewals; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Health insurance costs-bundled payment study.. Description: AN ACT relating to state health insurance; requiring the department of administration and information to study and make recommendations for bundled payments to health care providers under the state employees' and officials' group health insurance plan; requiring a report; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Statements of consideration.. Description: AN ACT relating to property; amending requirements related to filing instruments related to the transfer of property; specifying exceptions to the filing requirements; making conforming changes; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Certification of cases to state board of equalization.. Description: AN ACT relating to tax administration; providing for certification of specified cases directly to the state board of equalization; providing standing for a county assessor to appeal a decision of the state board of equalization as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Animal damage management funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to wildlife; increasing the request for funding for animal damage management from the game and fish commission; requiring the game and fish commission to recommend expenditures; clarifying who can request funding; establishing a fee for animal damage management funding; repealing provisions related to the wildlife damage management stamp; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Nicotine productsage verification and shipping.. Description: AN ACT relating to nicotine products; requiring age verification for remote sales of nicotine products; specifying shipping requirements for nicotine products; modifying definitions related to nicotine products; providing penalties; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax-definitions update.. Description: AN ACT relating to taxation and revenue; creating and amending sales and use tax definitions as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Mining permit applications-objections.. Description: AN ACT relating to environmental quality; amending and repealing provisions regarding objections to applications for mining permits; making conforming amendments; requiring rulemaking; repealing obsolete provisions; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Underground disposal wells-regulation.. Description: AN ACT relating to oil and gas; amending the authority of the oil and gas conservation commission to regulate underground disposal; requiring rulemaking; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming Money Transmitters Act-exemption.. Description: AN ACT relating to trade and commerce; amending the Wyoming Money Transmitter Act to provide an exemption; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Digital assets-statutory amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to digital assets; modifying the means to perfect a security interest in virtual currency and digital securities; modifying provisions relating to security agreements involving virtual currency and digital securities; providing definitions; specifying factors relating to location of digital assets used as collateral; amending duties and requirements for banks that provide custodial services; amending the scope of authorized custodial services; clarifying application of digital asset statutes; clarifying the duty of digital asset custodians to pay supervisory fees; clarifying the jurisdiction of Wyoming courts to hear cases related to digital assets; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Solid waste cease and transfer program funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to the prioritization of municipal solid waste facilities cease and transfer projects; authorizing expenditure of previously appropriated funds; establishing a prioritized list of projects; establishing a maximum amount to be expended on projects; granting the department of environmental quality limited discretionary authority to modify the prioritized list; specifying expenditures for a carcass management project; providing definitions; repealing a prior list of priority cease and transfer projects; requiring reports; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Nicotine products-lawful age and penalties.. Description: AN ACT relating to nicotine products; prohibiting the sale or furnishing of nicotine products to persons under twenty-one years of age as specified; prohibiting the possession and use of nicotine products by persons under twenty-one years of age as specified; providing penalties; repealing specified penalty provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Surplus food programs.. Description: AN ACT relating to school districts; authorizing surplus food programs in schools; authorizing donation of surplus school food to a nonprofit entity; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Hemp production-fees.. Description: AN ACT relating to hemp production; requiring fees for compliance inspections and disposal verification; authorizing disposal verification; amending requirements for corrective action plans; requiring rulemaking; correcting references; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Absentee polling places.. Description: AN ACT relating to absentee voting; authorizing the establishment of satellite absentee polling places; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Local government distributions.. Description: AN ACT relating to local government funding; providing funding to cities and towns; providing funding to counties; providing local government funding formulas and distributions; providing legislative intent; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming pollution discharge elimination system fees.. Description: AN ACT relating to environmental quality; increasing fees for Wyoming pollution discharge elimination system permits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Omnibus water bill - planning.. Description: AN ACT relating to water development projects; authorizing specified level I and level II studies; providing appropriations; requiring reports; providing for the reversion of unexpended funds; authorizing unobligated funds to be used to complete other designated projects as specified; providing an appropriation for the office of water programs; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Appraisal management companies-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to professions and occupations; clarifying regulations regarding appraisal management company license reinstatement; removing a probationary period for an appraiser panelist; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Trust companies-statutory amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to trust companies; amending requirements for public meetings and hearings for the establishment of public trust companies; amending definitions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wild bison licenses.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish; amending provisions relating to the reservation of unused licenses; providing for the reservation of unused wild bison licenses; authorizing wild bison licenses to be donated to a veteran or person with disabilities; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Rural health care district authority.. Description: AN ACT relating to rural health care districts; clarifying the authority of districts to own and operate a nursing home as specified; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Government abuse, fraud and waste reporting.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; establishing a reporting system for governmental abuse, fraud and waste; authorizing enforcement actions; amending provisions governing employee protections related to reporting of government abuse, fraud and waste; requiring posted notice of employee protections as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Life insurance premiums.. Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; exempting alien insurers from specified life insurance premium taxes; requiring the separate reporting of specified life insurance premiums; modifying the tax rate for specified life insurance premiums; repealing obsolete provisions; specifying applicability; requiring a report; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Revisor's bill.. Description: AN ACT relating to the revision of statutes; correcting statutory references and language resulting from inadvertent errors and omissions in previously adopted legislation; amending obsolete references; repealing provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Instream flow application process.. Description: AN ACT relating to water; amending the instream flow application process; requiring a hearing and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Governmental agency parking.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; repealing requirement for governmental entities to provide free parking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Prescription tracking program.. Description: AN ACT relating to controlled substances; authorizing the board of pharmacy to release information from the prescription tracking program as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: State capital construction-oversight.. Description: AN ACT relating to administration of government; expanding the role of the select committee on school facilities to include community college and state capital construction projects; conforming existing state capital construction provisions to reflect the role of the select committee; renaming the select committee; providing for the appointment of co-chairmen; authorizing additional temporary members of the select committee; providing for expanded duties of the select committee; repealing requirements for quarterly meetings and selection of chairman and vice chairman; amending duties of the state building commission, state construction department and other state agencies with control over state facilities; providing for a study and reports; providing an appropriation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: School safety and security.. Description: AN ACT relating to student and school safety; requiring school districts to adopt school safety and security policies; creating duties for the state fire marchall; providing for confidentiality; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Livestock brand administration.. Description: AN ACT relating to brands; amending provisions related to the rerecording of brands; authorizing the extension of the rerecording period for up to one hundred years; amending the recording fee; providing for notice of continuation; repealing the provision for permanently recorded brands; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public records-amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to public records; amending provisions related to the designated public records person and ombudsman; specifying gubernatorial appointment of the ombudsman; amending salary reporting requirements for certain governmental entities; amending compilation and formatting requirements; defining terms; clarifying and modifying the release of agricultural information and rulemaking authority; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Budget and financial data reporting.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; amending requirements for the Wyoming public finance and expenditure of funds website; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Uranium taxation rates.. Description: AN ACT relating to uranium taxation; providing for uranium severance tax relief as specified; providing for imposition of a conditional uranium severance tax relative to specified spot market prices; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Audiology and speech-language pathology compact.. Description: AN ACT relating to professional licensing; adopting the Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact; providing for participation in and administration of the compact; authorizing the interstate practice of audiology and speech-language pathology pursuant to the compact; providing for fingerprinting and background checks of license applicants and license renewals; providing conforming amendments; repealing a related provision; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Worker's compensation credit.. Description: AN ACT relating to worker's compensation; providing a premium credit for employers as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Carbon technology electric utility agreements.. Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; establishing requirements for agreements between electric utilities and entities engaged in carbon technology projects; specifying applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Global signature authority for health care providers.. Description: AN ACT relating to professions and occupations; providing signature authority for physician assistants and advanced practice registered nurses; directing rulemaking; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Volunteer pension account-funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to pension accounts; increasing contributions to the account; increasing insurance premium taxes which may be deposited to the volunteer firefighter, EMT and search and rescue pension account as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Wyoming works-application period.. Description: AN ACT relating to higher education; clarifying application period for Wyoming works program grants; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Wyoming Colorado River committee.. Description: AN ACT relating to water; creating and providing duties for a Wyoming Colorado River committee; making conforming amendments; requiring a report; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: PWMTF reserve account.. Description: AN ACT relating to public funds; amending the threshold for determining the amount of funds in the permanent Wyoming mineral trust fund reserve account annually transferred to the permanent Wyoming mineral trust fund; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Mineral royalty grant and loan qualification.. Description: AN ACT relating to government royalty revenue; amending the definition of "special districts" for purposes of mineral royalty loans and grants; clarifying projects that are eligible for loans and grants; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Concealed weapons permit renewal-military duty.. Description: AN ACT relating to concealed weapons permits; providing for renewal of concealed weapons permits for military personnel and spouses under specified conditions; providing an extension renewal period for deployed armed force members under specified circumstances; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Lifetime game and fish licenses.. Description: AN ACT relating to game and fish licenses; amending requirements for the complimentary issuance of lifetime bird, small game and fish licenses as specified; providing applicability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Penal institutions-addiction counselor license reciprocity.. Description: AN ACT relating to professions and occupations; creating additional types of certifications in the field of addictions therapy as specified; defining eligibility requirements for certifications; limiting a certified person's authority to practice to penal institutions as specified; requiring rulemaking; making a conforming amendment; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Public employee retirement.. Description: AN ACT relating to administration of government; modifying provisions of the Wyoming Retirement Act; increasing employee and employer contributions under the Act as specified; modifying the age and the combined age and service requirements for normal retirement benefits for general members hired after a specified date; modifying definitions; making conforming amendments; repealing archaic provisions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Evaluating the tax equivalency of federal land in Wyoming.. Description: AN ACT relating to public lands; requiring a study to evaluate federal payments in lieu of taxes and to appraise the value of federally held lands in Wyoming; authorizing the use of consultants; requiring reports; defining terms; providing appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Adult protective services amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; amending law enforcement reporting requirements for vulnerable adults; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: 2020 large project funding.. Description: AN ACT relating to the Wyoming Wildlife and Natural Resource Funding Act; providing for funding of large projects under that act; authorizing the additional grant of funds for a large project; specifying projects approved for funding in 2020; authorizing distributions from the Wyoming wildlife and natural resource trust income account for approved projects; providing for reversion of funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: State budget division-reorganization.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; creating the state budget department; transferring the budget division of the department of administration and information into the state budget department; requiring a reorganization plan; requiring appointment of a director; amending members of the financial advisory council; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Off-road recreational vehicle-definition.. Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; amending the definition of "off-road recreational vehicle"; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: First responder workplace mental injury coverage.. Description: AN ACT relating to worker's compensation; specifying when mental injury is considered a compensable injury for first responders; providing conforming changes; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: School finance amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to school finance; amending provisions of the education resource block grant model; amending provisions governing transportation funding; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: State funded capital construction.. Description: AN ACT relating to state funded capital construction; creating accounts; providing definitions; providing appropriations for purposes related to state funded capital construction; modifying prior appropriations; making certain appropriations subject to specified terms and conditions; providing for the reversion and transfer of funds; creating a subcommittee; providing for the acceptance of gifts of real property; requiring reporting; specifying funding priorities; and providing for effective dates.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Office of guardian ad litem-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to the administration of government; creating the office of guardian ad litem; modifying administration of guardian ad litem program; repealing provisions related to office of the public defender oversight of the program; making conforming amendments; providing for continuation of contracts; providing for rulemaking; reappropriating funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Public utilities-liability exemption.. Description: AN ACT relating to civil procedure; codifying an exemption from civil liability for public utilities as specified; specifying applicability of the Wyoming Governmental Claims Act; specifying legislative intent; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Long-term care insurance.. Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; establishing requirements for long-term care insurance; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Early retirement discount factor.. Description: AN ACT relating to retirement; amending early retirement discount factors; repealing a conflicting provision; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Game and fish law enforcement definition amendments.. Description: AN ACT relating to law enforcement; amending the definitions of peace officer with respect to game and fish law enforcement personnel as specified; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming engrossed a bill titled: Wind energy facilities-military approval.. Description: AN ACT relating to planning and zoning; requiring military review and approval before construction of wind energy facilities; amending permit application requirements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming enrolled a bill titled: Special event liquor licenses.. Description: AN ACT relating to alcoholic beverages; requiring the issuance of malt beverage permits for special events as specified; providing for permit fees; specifying prohibited assessments for licensing authority costs relating to a permitted event; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Tax lien enforcement-2.. Description: AN ACT relating to ad valorem taxation; amending provisions for perfection of tax liens; amending notice of tax lien provisions; amending the definition of "delinquent taxpayer" for purposes of liens on mineral production; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Supporting federal missing and murdered persons efforts.. Description: A JOINT RESOLUTION requesting Congress to enact legislation expanding and improving efforts to coordinate reporting, investigation and pursuit of justice for missing and murdered Native Americans and other persons.
In 2020, Wyoming passed a bill titled: Firearm and hunter education.. Description: A JOINT RESOLUTION to urge and request the game and fish commission to work with the state superintendent of public instruction and the state board of education to provide firearm and hunter education as a voluntary physical education elective in public schools.
